(a joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)
Stock Code: 01988         USD Preference Share Stock Code: 04609




2020
Annual Report
IMPORTANT NOTICE


    The Board, the Board of Supervisors, and the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
Company warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this Annual Report and
there are no misstatements, misleading representations or material omissions in this Annual Report, and
shall assume several and joint liability.


    This Annual Report was considered and approved on 30 March 2021 at the 7th meeting of the eighth
session of the Board of the Company. Of the 18 Directors who were entitled to attend the meeting,
10 Directors attended the meeting in person. 8 Directors, being the Vice Chairmen Zhang Hongwei, Lu
Zhiqiang and Liu Yonghao, and Directors Shi Yuzhu, Wu Di, Xie Zhichun, Peng Xuefeng, and Liu Ningyu,
participated in the meeting by teleconference or video conference. Of the 9 Supervisors who were
entitled to attend the meeting as non-voting delegates, 9 Supervisors attended the meeting as non-voting
delegates.


    PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers, auditors of the Company,
have audited the financial reports of 2020 prepared in accordance with the Chinese Accounting Standards
(“CAS”) and the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), respectively, and issued standard
and unqualified auditors’ reports, respectively.


     Gao Yingxin (Chairman), Zheng Wanchun (President), Li Bin (Senior Management responsible for
finance and accounting and acting person in charge of the accounting department), and Bai Dan (Chief
Financial Officer) warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial reports included in
this Annual Report.


    The profit distribution plan for 2020 was approved by the Board, pursuant to which, a cash dividend
of RMB2.13 (tax inclusive) will be distributed to all shareholders of the Company for every 10 shares held
on the record dates. The above profit distribution plan is subject to approval by the shareholders’ general
meeting of the Company.


    The financial data and indicators contained in this Annual Report are prepared according to the
rules of the IFRSs. Unless otherwise specified, all amounts are the consolidated data of the Group and
denominated in RMB.


    The forward-looking statements about matters like future plans in this Annual Report do not constitute
substantive commitments of the Company to the investors, and the investors and related persons shall
maintain sufficient risk awareness in this regard, and shall understand the difference among plans,
forecasts and commitments.


    Material Risk Warning: the Company has no foreseeable material risks. For potential risks, please refer
to the section headed “XIV. Prospects and Measures – (III) Potential risks” under “Chapter 3 Discussion
and Analysis on Business Operation” of this report.

                                                                      Board of Directors
                                                              China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
CONTENTS


Important Notice

Definitions                                             2

Message from the Chairman                               4

Message from the President                             10

Development Vision and Reform and Transformation       14

Annual Awards                                          17

Bank Profile                                           18

Summary of Accounting Data and Financial Indicators    22

Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation          26

Changes in Share Capital and Information on
 Shareholders                                         103

Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
  Employees and Business Network                      130

Corporate Governance                                  162

Report of the Board of Directors                      214

Report of the Board of Supervisors                    221

Major Events                                          227

Financial Reports                                     242

Organisation Structure                                430

List of Entities                                      431

Statistics of Correspondent Banks                     436
2       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



DEFINITIONS

    In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out
below.


ACFIC                                        All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (中華全國工商業聯
                                             合會)


Articles of Association                      the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


Bank, Company, China Minsheng                China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
  Bank, Minsheng Bank


Board                                        Board of Directors of the Company


Board of Supervisors                         Board of Supervisors of the Company


CBIRC                                        China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission


CMBC International                           CMBC International Holdings Limited


CPPCC National Committee                     The National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
                                             Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議全國委員會)


CSRC                                         China Securities Regulatory Commission


Director(s)                                  Director(s) of the Company


former CBRC                                  former China Banking Regulatory Commission


former CIRC                                  former China Insurance Regulatory Commission


Group                                        The Bank and its subsidiaries


Hong Kong Listing Rules                      The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on SEHK


Minsheng Financial Leasing                   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                                                             Annual Report 2020     3


                                                                  DEFINITIONS



Minsheng Royal        Minsheng Royal Asset Management Co., Ltd.
 Asset Management


Minsheng Royal Fund   Minsheng Royal Fund Management Co., Ltd.


Model Code            Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                      Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules


Reporting Period      the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020


SEHK                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


SFO                   Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                      Hong Kong)


SSE                   Shanghai Stock Exchange


SZSE                  Shenzhen Stock Exchange


Supervisor(s)         Supervisor(s) of the Company
Chairman
Mr. GAO Yingxin
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020      5


                                   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

    Another year has passed. Everything takes on a new look. However, looking back on 2020, the
unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic led to crumbled global governance system a sharp contraction of
international trade and violent turbulence in the financial market, dragging the world economy into a deep
recession. In the face of such complex and challenging situations at home and abroad, under the strong
leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the whole nation made
concerted efforts to push forward the prevention and control of the pandemic as well as economic and social
development, making China the first country in the world to rein in the COVID-19 pandemic, to resume work
and production, and to achieve a positive economic growth. Total economic volume topped RMB100 trillion,
symbolising a successful conclusion of China’s 13th Five-Year Plan, and an exciting prospect of establishing a
moderately prosperous society in all aspects.


    In 2020, under the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics, China
Minsheng Bank implemented the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee and the State
Council and the requirements of the regulatory authorities. Concentrating on the requirements of ensuring
stability on six key fronts (i.e. employment, the financial sector, foreign trade, foreign investment, domestic
investment, and expectations) and maintaining security in six key areas (i.e. job security, basic living needs,
operations of market entities, food and energy security, stable industrial and supply chains, and the normal
functioning of primary-level governments); staying customer-centric and taking integrity as the basis, the
Company focused on serving the real economy, preventing and resolving risks and deepening reform and
innovation, promoted development with reform, sought breakthroughs with practical work, plowed its way
ahead through difficulties, and achieved steady development of all businesses and operations.


    In accordance with the IFRSs, in 2020, the Group recorded an operating income of RMB181,807 million,
representing an increase of 2.29% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Net
profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB34,309 million, representing a
decrease of 36.25% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Return on average
assets and return on weighted average equity were 0.51% and 6.81%, respectively. NPL ratio was 1.82%,
up by 0.26 percentage points from the end of the previous year. Allowance to NPLs and allowance to total
loans were 139.38% and 2.53%, respectively. The main reasons for the year-on-year decline in profit in 2020
were the accelerated disposal of problem assets and increased provision of allowances, of which, provision
of allowance for loans, increased by 26.52% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year,
write-offs and transfer out increased by 31.77% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year.
6     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



    On 30 June 2020, Mr. Hong Qi resigned from Chairman of the seventh session of the Board of Directors
for age reason. I was then elected Chairman of the Board. On 16 October 2020, Minsheng Bank successfully
completed the re-election of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors as well as the appointment
of new senior management team, improving and optimising its management system and setting off for a new
journey. The Company delved into “deep-rooted problems” in business development, risk compliance and
management mechanisms, gave full play to the ice-breaking and pioneering role of reforms, and vigorously
carried out a series of fundamental reforms that were based on the present circumstances and targeting at
long-term development, so as to reinforce foundation, address inadequacies, strengthen areas of weakness,
and reshape the market competitiveness of China Minsheng Bank.


     Holding firm to strategic direction and maintaining strategic determination. The Company kept
abreast of the development of the situation and pandered to the needs of customers while correctly
positioning itself, building up strengths and averting weakness with further review and improvements, so as
to further clarify and consolidate its development direction. It aims to leverage on advantages of system and
mechanism as a non-state-owned bank to provide all-around comprehensive financial services to quality large
non-state-owned enterprises (NSOEs), while focusing on the micro, small and medium enterprises along the
upstream and downstream of supply chains of quality core enterprises and those with distinctive characters
in key regions, striving to become the bank of choice of NSOEs, and build up the golden brand of the Bank
in providing financial services to micro, small and medium enterprises. It aims to build into an agile and
efficient digital bank with the ultimate customer experience by carrying out all-round digital innovation and
transformation with retail business as the focus. It aims to provide integrated and comprehensive services to
customers by establishing a “One Minsheng” business synergy system. It also aims to strengthen all-round
refined management to steadily follow the path of sound and sustainable development.


     Innovating systems and mechanisms to boost vitality and passion. The Company endeavours to
keep pace with the ever changing times, environment and market to break down the deep-rooted institutional
obstacles with greater courage and more practical measures, deepen reforms in major areas and key links, so
as to boost the vitality and passion of all employees. Insisted on the customer-centric concept, the Company
broke down the department-based management philosophy, optimised institutional structure and employee
allocation, and established a customer-centric organisation structure, which highlighted strategic businesses
and management in key areas and procedures, so as to improve market responsiveness and service quality
and efficiency. In line with employee-oriented concept, the Company launched the reform on performance
appraisal and remuneration system and built a professional and technical job sequence system to improve
the development and incentive system for young talents, and to strengthen standardised management of
personnel, so as to establish market-oriented and flexible mechanisms for talent promotion, remuneration
and selection.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020      7


                                                             MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



    Returning to business origins and consolidating customer base. Currently, a new round of
technological revolution is rapidly advancing, leading to iterative innovation of business models, with
customer demand and eco-system undergoing diversified changes. For a bank, no matter how the market
environment evolves, the origin remains to consolidate principal business and upgrade basic products and
services to satisfy the basic needs of diversified customers. Only by maintaining stable liabilities, operating
wholeheartedly and serving customers with earnestness to earn their trust, can a bank steadily go further.
The Company prioritised retail banking as the long-term and strategic business, and consolidated retail
customer base by improving professional and standard services, as well as basic products and services.
The Company takes serving small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as the original aspiration and
mission, and continued to expand SME finance, explore and innovate SME business models, in order
to build distinctive features and brands of SME business. The Company reformed the service model for
strategic customers by establishing an integrated marketing system covering the Head Office, branches and
sub-branches, in order to improve customer experience, optimise business procedures, thus to become a
“strategic bank” of strategic customers.


    Insisting on technology empowerment and embracing digital finance. In view of the increasing
integration between new technologies, such as big data, AI, blockchain, 5G, etc. and finance, the Company
is determined to make digital finance the key direction of strategic transformation. Great efforts have been
made in improving systems and mechanisms, increasing investment in capital and talents and speeding
up the pace of digital transformation so as to strengthen capabilities in eco-scenario-based operation, big
data-based risk management and enterprise-level IT development and application. The Company emphasised
on the unified construction of eco-scenarios, centralised integration with the third-party cooperation platforms
and coordinated integration of IT needs, so as to realise integrated customer management, standardised
management and intensive resource allocation. The Company focused on key business areas of digital
finance, expanded in-depth integration of business operation with risk management and IT application,
strengthened the efficient coordination among customer group management, scenario-based operation
and platform support and established an agile and coordinated organisation system, so as to establish a
diversified product system of full chain and full coverage, as well as service capability of swift response.
8     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



    Strengthening internal control and compliance and building up strong risk defense. Law-abiding
and complaint operation is the foundation of sustainable development of an enterprise and is the core
competitiveness of a commercial bank. The Company stepped up efforts in refining systems and mechanisms
of internal control and compliance, continuously optimised policy system of the Head Office and branches,
and improved case prevention management mechanism. The Company established and promoted off-site
inspection system and launched a compliance information system. Comprehensive inspections were
carried out on all business lines, compliance appraisal indicators for Head Office departments were set up,
and accountability tracking mechanism for business units was implemented. Furthermore, the Company
enhanced the cultivation of compliance culture and improved the management of employees’ behaviours to
continuously improve the awareness of law-abiding and compliant operation and capability of risk prevention
of all employees. The responsibilities of the first, second and third lines of defense were clearly defined
and their joint forces were fully mobilised. The first line assumed the primary responsibility of risk defense,
the second line performed due diligence and the third line worked independently, to enhance coordinated
management, promotion and cooperation of overall risk management, in furtherance of a safe and steady
operation of Minsheng Bank.


    Enhancing corporate culture and reshaping the good image of the Bank. The corporate culture
of a bank is the key to rebuilding public trust. Actively adapting to the changing environment, the Bank
improved its culture from philosophy to practice, striving to build a corporate culture featuring with
“Simplicity, Pragmatism, and Efficiency” which served as strong spiritual driving forces for the reform and
development of the Bank. It stayed on top of business and management processes and incorporated the
“customer-centric” concept into service culture, marketing culture, credit culture, risk culture and compliance
culture, thinking from the perspective of customers and creating value for them. The Company put every
effort in making corporate image and customer trust the core elements of its value, and attached greater
importance to its commitment to social responsibility and sustainable development. It actively fulfilled its
corporate social responsibilities by establishing the environmental, social and governance (ESG) management
framework, supporting the development of inclusive finance, green environmental protection and public
welfare such as alleviating poverty and helping the disadvantaged, and integrating the consolidation and
expansion of achievements of poverty eradication and rural revitalisation. All these efforts have contributed
to the sustainable development of the economy and society, and continuously enhanced the “warm power”
of China Minsheng Bank.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020      9


                                                            MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN



    Looking into 2021, the world economic situation will remain complex and challenging, with unstable and
uneven recovery and various pandemic-inflicted risks that cannot be ignored. The rising tide of protectionism
and unilateralism, prolonged ultra-low interest rates in the US and in Europe, and fluctuation of international
commodity prices, all are pointing to a more volatile capital market. Despite such an increasingly complex
international environment, the fundamentals sustaining China’s steady, long-term and quality economic
growth remain unchanged. 2021 marks the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan and is a year of special
importance in the process of modernisation of our nation. With China’s economy gradually recovers, it is
expected to see a more prudent monetary policy, a slowdown in total social financing and credit growth,
more stable macro leverage ratio, more reasonably ample liquidity, stable market projection and more positive
factors in the economic operation, which will bring more new opportunities to the banking industry.


     A good wind is the time to set sail. In response to the new situation and requirements of the new
era, China Minsheng Bank will adhere to the strategic goal of “building a first-class commercial bank with
distinctive features, increasing value, continuous innovation and stable operation”. As entering the new
development stage, the Company will continue to implement the new development philosophy, deepen
institutional reform and strengthen corporate culture. It is determined to follow a sound and sustainable
development path through innovation and solid work, and will make greater contributions to the start of the
14th Five-Year Plan!




                                                                                  GAO Yingxin
                                                                       Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
                                                                                 30 March 2021
President
Mr. ZHENG Wanchun
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020     11


                                  MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT

    In 2020, in the face of the impact brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, Minsheng Bank has actively
implemented the national policies and requirements to financially support fight against the pandemic,
maintained its strategic goal to serve NSOEs, and worked closely with customers to resist risks. As a result,
sound business development has been achieved. In 2020, operating income of the Group amounted to
RMB181,807 million, representing an increase of 2.29% as compared with the previous year. Profit before
allowance amounted to RMB131,322 million, representing an increase of 2.81%. With lowering fees and
surcharges and increasing provision of allowance for loans, net profit attributable to equity shareholders of
the Bank amounted to RMB34,309 million, representing a decrease of 36.25%. As at the end of the year,
total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6.95 trillion, representing an increase of 4.02% as compared with
the end of the previous year. Of which, total loans amounted to RMB3.85 trillion, representing an increase
of 10.50%. Overall asset quality remained stable and capital adequacy ratios, liquidity, and interest rate risks
were in full compliance with regulatory requirements.

    In the past year, we joined hands with customers to make through difficulties. Facing the pandemic,
Minsheng Bank responded without delay and acted on the frontlines. We spared no efforts to support
customers and facilitate the recovery of the real economy by taking benefiting measures such as opening
green channels, renewing loans, increasing credit supply, deferring repayment of principal and interest,
reducing and exempting interest penalty and protecting credit record. The Bank implemented policies in
relation to fights against the pandemic and reduced RMB7.3 billion of fees and surcharges for customers,
and provided free special insurance for pandemic prevention to more than 300 thousand small business
customers. We deferred repayment for 226.8 thousand credit card customers stricken by the pandemic with
RMB 1,291 million interests and fees reduced and exempted, and protected credit records of 50.7 thousand
credit card customers. During the pandemic, we never stop providing financial services but responded to
customers’ new demands by introducing new services which were healthier, safer, more efficient and more
convenient. The Bank was the first to launch 5G-based mobile banking, continued to improve remote banking,
and rolled out zero-contact emergency functions including “Cloud Witness (雲見證)” and “Cloud Key (雲鑰匙)”
so as to address issues of collateral registration, loan extension and capital management during the special
period.

     In the past year, we optimised services and maintained steady operation. We proactively responded
to the new changes and challenges in the market and the regulatory environment, sped up to resolve
difficulties in business development, and promoted sustainable and healthy operations. To continuously
optimise corporate business, we adhered to the “customer-centric” philosophy, refined the segmented
and classified customer service system, provided “1+3” services and adopted the “five-in-one” service
approach for strategic customers. We carried out the “Minsheng SME Project” to provide SME customers
with digitalised, standardised, and process-based services. We also implemented four projects, namely “Joint
Hands, Rooting, Win-win and Sparks (攜手、生根、共贏、螢火)”, and innovated supply chain finance, so as
to provide comprehensive and professional financial solutions to strategic NSOEs, niche NSOEs, SMEs and
small business customers. As at the end of the year, total corporate loans and total corporate deposits of
the Bank amounted to RMB2,240,938 million and RMB2,945,302 million respectively, and total domestic
corporate customers with deposits increased by 6.99% to 1,388.1 thousand as compared with the end of
the previous year. The number of domestic corporate customers with outstanding general loan balances of
the Bank was 9,706, representing an increase of 7.53% as compared with the end of the previous year. To
accelerate the development of retail business, we continued to expand retail wealth management and
asset business, strengthen the classified and vertical management of customer groups, optimise product and
service systems, enhance professional capabilities, cultivate distinctive brands and carry out differentiated
12    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT



competition. During the year, operating income from retail business amounted to RMB71,133 million,
representing an increase of 5.76%. Of which, net non-interest income amounted to RMB16,621 million,
accounting for 23.37%. Total inclusive small business loans amounted to RMB553,899 million, the interest
rate of which decreased by 63BP as compared with the previous year. To promote the transformation
of financial institutions business, we pushed forward the transformation towards customer group-based
operations, and optimised special operation and management mechanism as well as business structure.
As at the end of the year, total assets of financial institutions business amounted to RMB305,942 million,
representing a decrease of 18.12% as compared with the end of the previous year, while total liabilities of
financial institutions business (including IBNCD) amounted to RMB1,839,533 million, representing a decrease
of 0.15% as compared with the end of the previous year. To actively adjust the structure of liabilities, we
continued to optimise the structure of assets and liabilities, enhance the allocation of capital-intensive assets,
stabilise liabilities while reducing costs. As at the end of the year, the proportion of active liabilities of the
Bank decreased by 9.1 percentage points, and the average cost of corporate liabilities decreased by 15BP
(excluding Hong Kong).

    In the past year, we accelerated the establishment of a digital bank. We weighed up the changing
environment, industry rules and the trend of customers’ needs, focused on restructuring IT systems to build
a digital bank, and significantly enhanced efficiency in business development, management, risk control
and operations. The distributed core system was fully put into operation, the cloud-based IT platforms were
established in some branches for trial, and the featured businesses were launched smoothly. We improved
the new supply chain products including “Receivable e (應收e)”, “Procurement e (採購e)” and “Credit Sale e
(賒銷e)”, created new customer service scenarios, product offerings and a standard model for intelligent risk
control, and further enhanced the service capabilities of the “three banks (三個銀行)”, namely mobile banking,
online banking and WeChat banking as well as the “four platforms (四個平台)”, namely open banking platform
(開放銀行平台), overall operation platform (大運營平台), unified payment platform (統一支付平台) and digital
operation platform (數字化運營平台). The remote bank has covered 95% of personal business and 75% of
corporate business. The open banking portal released more than 220 new application programming interfaces
(APIs), acquiring nearly 4 million customers. We also launched the first smart banking experience store,
actively engaged in research and development of digital currency, and set up a “joint innovation laboratory of
smart finance (智慧金融聯合創新實驗室)” to explore new customer service models such as home banking.

    In the past year, we emphasised risk governance and promoted compliant development. We
adhered to the philosophy of “compliant operation is the core competitiveness” and balanced passive
rectification and active reform. We rectified issues discovered in regulatory inspections and made in-depth
analysis on the reasons, and thus significantly enhanced the effectiveness of internal control management.
We also improved the internal control management system and mechanism, built a well-organised
internal control and compliance management structure with clearly defined responsibilities, as well as an
inter-connected operation mechanism with effective synergy. Comprehensive and dynamic self-examination
and self-correction were carried out to enhance the capabilities of risk screening, prevention and control.
Compliance culture was strengthened to promote refined management and improvement in service quality
and efficiency. To win the “tough battle” of collection and disposal of problem assets, we formulated a
special collection and disposal plan for non-performing assets, and overfulfilled the target of the year. The
proportion of the Bank’s outstanding loan balances of industries subject to be optimised (controlled) declined
by 1.98 percentage points, while that of industries subject to be supported increased by 1.65 percentage
points. Outstanding corporate loans for real estate decreased by over RMB50,000 million from the peak of
the year.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020     13


                                                            MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT



    Looking forward into 2021, the 14th Five-year Plan will enter a new development phase. The banking
industry will have to continue alleviating the impacts of the pandemic, while shouldering new missions and
new tasks of forging a new development paradigm. Against the headwinds, the prospect is promising with
good momentum. Standing on the new starting point of the year marking the 25th anniversary of the Bank,
we are confident to overcome difficulties and forge ahead to success.

    In the coming year, we will emphasise “expanding customer base, seeking innovation, focusing on
key points, adjusting structure, accelerating transformation, controlling risk, optimising appraisal and
strengthening coordination” and continue to leverage the advantages of a market-oriented systems and
mechanisms so as to unceasingly provide customers with all-round and comprehensive financial services.
In addition, we aim to build up a golden brand in the field of financial services to micro, small and medium
customers, optimise service experience under the “customer-centric” philosophy, and strive to foster new
business growth drivers.

     We will implement all-around digital innovation and transformation with retail business as the focus, and
build an agile and efficient digital bank. By vigorously “promoting transformation and controlling risks”, we
will further improve intelligent banking and make new breakthroughs in ecosystem-oriented banking, and
reinforce the three lines of defense to counter risks to safeguard steady development.

    We will adjust the income-based approaches for appraisals and incentives and resource allocation, and
promote coordination among different departments and business lines of the Head Office. We will establish
an all-round and coordinated strategic customer development system with synergy between the Head Office
and all branches, and accelerate the effective application of integrated development model of micro, small,
medium and large enterprises along the supply chains. We will also leverage on strength of the group-
oriented management to achieve efficient synergy between the Bank and the subsidiaries, and between
domestic and overseas institutions, to give full play to coordination.

     We will strengthen refined management in all aspects to further integrate and optimise business
procedures of the front office, middle office and back office to comprehensively improve service quality and
efficiency. We will establish agile response mechanism to speed up the construction of an agile organisation.
We will also further refine project development and business management and control, refine marketing and
channel management, refine management as well as use of capital, so as to continuously support the stable
and sustainable development.

    Starlight will illuminate the path of a wayfarer; enduring efforts will pay off over time. In the Year of
the Ox, embracing the good virtues it symbolises, we will courageously drive our efforts against adversity,
hone the skills to overcome difficulties, and strive to build into a commercial bank with “distinctive features,
increasing value, continuous innovation and steady operation”.




                                                                                ZHENG Wanchun
                                                                                    President
                                                                        China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
                                                                                  30 March 2021
14    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



DEVELOPMENT VISION AND REFORM AND TRANSFORMATION

I. Mission
    The world is witnessing major changes unseen in a century. In view of the complex domestic and
international economic and financial regulatory landscape, based on the accelerated formation of a new
development paradigm “with domestic circulation as the mainstay and domestic and international circulations
reinforcing each other” and in response to the challenges brought by complicated and changing international
situation, greater downward pressure of the macro-economy, shifts in domestic growth drivers and the
tightening financial regulation and extensive application of fintech, the Company has further improved
corporate governance, optimised systems and mechanisms, enhanced organisational efficiency, accelerated
business model reform, continuously promoted the integration of and innovation in technology and business
operation and focused on development strategies, so as to further improve its development quality and
competitiveness.

II. Development Vision and Target
     The Company firmly adheres to the customer-centric philosophy, endeavours to create value for
customers, continuously strengthens service capability for the quality development of real economy, and
strives to develop into a first-class commercial bank with distinctive features, continuous innovation,
increasing value and stable operation.


    Adhering to the mission of “From the People, For the People (為民而生，與民共生)”, the Company
leverages its advantages of non-state-owned bank in systems and mechanisms, supports the healthy
development of the non-state-owned economies, in an aim to become the top choice of NSOE customers,
and build up the gold brand in providing financial services to micro, small and medium enterprises.


     The Company will implement the all-round digital innovation and transformation to achieve comprehensive
digital transformation in customer service, marketing, risk control, internal management, etc. Taking retail
business as the focus, the Company will bring it to leap-forward development.


    Establishing a “One Minsheng” business synergy system on customer-centric basis, the Company will
take the needs of customers as the source of power of its development. It will integrate with customers and
create value for customers, so as to realise mutual development.


     The Company will push forward all-round refined management, continuously enhance organisational
efficiency, create core competitiveness for quality development. It will also comprehensively reshape risk
compliance culture and steadily forge ahead on the path of sound and sustainable development.

III. Reform and Transformation
    During the Reporting Period, the Board and the management further optimised and improved the
strategic positioning to be in line with the external changes and development needs, successfully led the
Bank to focus on the transformation of business philosophy, system and mechanism enhancement and the
promotion of key reform projects, and fruitful results have been achieved, which laid a solid foundation for
the Bank’s reform in the next stage.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020    15


                DEVELOPMENT VISION AND REFORM AND TRANSFORMATION



(I) Returning to business origins
    Firstly, the Company strengthened basic services and expanded basic customer groups. Focusing on
customers’ basic financial needs, the Company enhanced its capability in providing basic products, and
optimised customers experience both online and offline. Through reforming the service model of strategic
customers, advancing integrated acquisition of medium, small and micro customers along supply chains and
innovating the scenario-based consumer credit model, the Company created a multi-level, comprehensive
and scenario-based customer service system. The Company strengthened customer base and increased
incentives for the development of basic customer groups for further expansion.


    Secondly, the Company aligned itself with national strategies to focus on key regions. The Company
strengthened the development planning and strategic layout in four key regions, namely Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and Chengdu-Chongqing
region. The Company carried out in-depth research and analysis to explore key business opportunities in
the regional markets, established differentiated management systems and allocated more resources to the
key regions. The Company actively responded to national policies, increased support for the real economy
and directed bank-wide concerted operation to key sectors by distributing more new credit resources to the
manufacturing industry and inclusive enterprises.


     Thirdly, the Company returned to its business origins and abandoned short-term operations. The
Company adjusted the operation model of financial markets business, focused on the improvement of
trading capabilities and the operation of inter-bank customer groups, and continued to improve the internal
coordination mechanism for agency transactions and the classified marketing system for inter-bank
customers. The Company resolutely scaled back inter-bank investment business for short-term arbitrage
purposes, and refocused its bills business on payment and settlement for corporate customers and provision
of financing facilities. The Company further strengthened and coordinated its overall asset and liability
allocation to channel funds to serve the real economy more directly.


     Fourthly, the Company optimised its business structure to reduce cost of liabilities. The Company
accelerated the innovation in and development of payment and settlement, transaction banking, supply
chain, wealth management and other businesses and improved the capabilities to obtain general deposits.
The Company reduced new active liabilities, increased the proportion of demand deposits, thus the cost of
liabilities continued to reduce.

(II) Comprehensively strengthening risk compliance
    Firstly, the Company persisted in separated operation of problem assets. The Company optimised the
centralised management mechanism of problem assets, innovated the methods for collecting and disposing
non-performing assets, and enhanced the professionalism and effectiveness of valuation models, categorised
disposal and collection, as well as vertical management and control, which have shown significant progress.


    Secondly, the Company kept on strengthening internal control and compliance construction. The
Company advanced the internal control and compliance culture, promoted governance ruled by law, improved
the construction of internal control and compliance system and the whole-process management mechanism.
16    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DEVELOPMENT VISION AND REFORM AND TRANSFORMATION



Also, the Company tightened the accountability of violating regulations and disciplines, adhered to the
principle of “no restricted areas, full coverage and zero tolerance”, and created a discipline and rule-based
environment.


     Thirdly, the Company enhanced overall risk management capability. The Company vigorously promoted
the integrated and whole-process management of credit risks, strengthened the guiding role of credit
policies, and enhanced forward-looking early warning capability, so as to improve management from the
beginning and throughout the process and strictly control new credit risks. In reviewing the eight major
risk factors of commercial banks, the Company focused on improving management of weak points such as
market risk, operational risk and liquidity risk, by strengthening risk management responsibility of the first
line of defense, so as to improve overall risk management capabilities.


(III) Achieving breakthrough in internal institutions
    Firstly, the Company clarified the scopes of responsibilities and streamlined its organisation structure.
In accordance with the regulatory policies by adjusting business structure and screening management
relationship, the Company further clarified functions and scopes of responsibility of all departments,
completed the restructuring of inter-city non-licensed institutions, while taking it as an opportunity to build a
multi-layered marketing management system for strategic customers.


     Secondly, the Company broke down the barriers between departments and sped up exploration of
agile management. The Company kept pace with the trends and need of digital transformation, improved
innovation capability of organisations, accelerated agile exploration of major innovation projects across
business segments and lines, optimised resource allocation and strengthened incentives and restraints, thus
realised quick response to market needs and highly efficient decision-making.


    Thirdly, the Company promoted the reform of human resources to enhance vitality of the organisation.
Major breakthroughs have been made in the reform of human resource management system by steadily
pushing forward the building of a professional and technical job sequence system and the reform of
position pricing and remuneration, which improved the development and incentive system for young talents,
stimulated the organisational vitality and encouraged the development of teams.


    Fourthly, the Company optimised allocation of resources and supplemented performance-based
incentives. The Company strengthened trend prediction and business supervision of the Asset and Liability
Management Committee, accelerated capital replenishment, optimised capital management, and enhanced
capital efficiency. Value and strategy-oriented, the Company allocated more resources to key customers,
key regions, and key products. To increase value throughout the whole Bank, the Company improved the
standardised performance management system in line with resource allocation.


    Fifthly, the Company strengthened technology empowerment by carrying out digital transformation. The
Company continued to optimise technology governance and data governance, deepen the integration of
internet finance and business models, speed up the construction of open bank and eco-systems, so as to
drive forward digital transformation in an orderly manner.
                                                                                Annual Report 2020    17


                                                                  ANNUAL AWARDS

The Bank was ranked No. 23 in the “Top 1000            The Bank was ranked No. 21 in the “Banking 500
World Banks” ranking published by The Banker           2021” published by Brand Finance (UK), up by 8
(UK) in 2020, up by 5 places                           places


The Bank was ranked No. 90 in the “2020 Global         The Bank was awarded the “Best Bank for Asset
2000” published by Forbes (USA), up by 24 places       Custody Innovation of the Year (年度最具資產託
                                                       管創新力銀行)” and the “Best Bank for Fintech
                                                       Innovation of the Year (年度最佳金融科技創新銀
                                                       行)” by Financial Times in its “Gold Medal Awards
                                                       of Chinese Financial Institutions (中國金融機構金牌
                                                       榜)”


The Bank was awarded the “2020 Outstanding             The Bank was awarded the “Golden Bull Wealth
Case of Services for Micro, Small and Medium           Management Bank (金牛理財銀行)” in the first
Enterprises (2020年金融服務中小微企業優秀案例)”                      “Wealth Management Golden Bull Awards of the
in the 8th China SME Investment & Finance Expo         Banking Industry in China (中國銀行業理財金牛獎)”
and Financial Services Expo (中國中小企業投融資                 by China Securities Journal
交易會暨金融服務博覽會)


The Bank was awarded the “Best Smart Bank              The Bank was awarded the “Outstanding Retail
(最佳智能銀行獎)”and the “Best Bank for Mobile                B a n k f o r 2020 (2020 年度傑出零售銀行 )” a n d
B a n k i n g I n n o v a t i o n ( 最佳手機銀行創新獎 )” i n   “2020 Fintech Innovation Award (2020年度金融科
the “2020 Electronic Banking Golden Awards             技創新獎)” in the 18th “China’s Financial Annual
of China (中國電子銀行金榜)” by China Financial                Champion Awards (第十八屆中國財經風雲榜)” by
Certification Authority                                Hexun.com


The Bank was awarded the “Best Financial               The Bank was granted the “Gold Award of
Service Innovation Award (最佳金融創新獎)” in the             Banking Industry”, “Top 50 Chinese Annual
“2020 China’s Financial Service Innovation Awards      Reports ( 最佳 50 強中文年報 )” and “Technical
(中國金融創新獎)” by the Chinese Banker                       Achievement Award (技術成就獎)” in the “2019
                                                       International ARC Awards (2019 年國際年報大
                                                       賽)” by League of American Communications
                                                       Professionals LLC (LACP)


The Bank was awarded the “Bank of Brand                The poverty alleviation case of the Bank was
Culture Construction for 2020 (2020年度品牌文化              published in the “50 Outstanding Cases of Poverty
建設銀行)” in the Financial Industry Selection (金          Alleviation by Enterprises (企業扶貧案例50佳)” by
融業評選) by Caijing.com.cn                                the Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation
                                                       and Development of the State Council
18    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



BANK PROFILE

1.   Registered Chinese Name of the Company:              中國民生銀行股份有限公司
                                                          (Abbreviation: “中國民生銀行”)
     Registered English Name of the Company:              CHINA MINSHENG BANKING CORP.,
                                                          LTD. (Abbreviation: “CMBC”)


2.   Legal Representative of the Company:                 Gao Yingxin


3.   Authorised Representatives of the Company:           Xie Zhichun, Wong Wai Yee, Ella


4.   Board Secretary:                                     Bai Dan
     Joint Company Secretaries:                           Bai Dan, Wong Wai Yee, Ella
     Representative of Securities Affairs:                Wang Honggang


5.   Mailing Address:                                     China Minsheng Bank Building,
                                                          No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,
                                                          Xicheng District, Beijing, China
     Postal Code:                                         100031
     Telephone:                                           86-10-58560666
     Facsimile:                                           86-10-58560720
     Email:                                               cmbc@cmbc.com.cn


6.   Registered and Office Address:                       No. 2, Fuxingmennei Avenue,
                                                          Xicheng District, Beijing, China
     Postal Code:                                         100031
     Website:                                             www.cmbc.com.cn
     Email:                                               cmbc@cmbc.com.cn


7.   Branch Office and Place of Business in Hong Kong:    40/F and Room 06-08, 41/F,
                                                          Two International Finance Centre,
                                                          8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong


8.   Newspapers Selected by the Company for Information   China Securities Journal,
      Disclosure:                                           Shanghai Securities News and
                                                            Securities Times
     Website Designated by the CSRC for Publishing the    www.sse.com.cn
      A Share Annual Report:
     Website Designated by the SEHK for Publishing the    www.hkexnews.hk
      H Share Annual Report:
     Place for Collection of the Annual Reports:          Office of the Board of the Company
                                                                                Annual Report 2020      19


                                                                                   BANK PROFILE



9.   Legal Adviser as to PRC Law:                            Grandall Law Firm, Beijing Office
     Legal Adviser as to Hong Kong Law:                      Clifford Chance


10. Domestic Accounting Firm:                                PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP
     Office Address:                                         11/F, PricewaterhouseCoopers Centre,
                                                             Link Square 2, 202 Hu Bin Road,
                                                             Huangpu District, Shanghai
     Signing Accountants:                                    Yan Lin, Zhang Honglei
     International Accounting Firm:                          PricewaterhouseCoopers
     Office Address:                                         22/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                             Central, Hong Kong


11. Domestic Preference Share Sponsor for Continuous Supervision and Guidance


     1. CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.
       Office Address:                                       CITIC Securities Tower,
                                                             No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road,
                                                             Chaoyang District, Beijing
       Sponsor Representatives:                              Cheng Yue, Ma Xiaolong
       Duration of Continuous Supervision and                the period from 28 July 2020 to
        Guidance:                                              31 December 2020


     2. China International Capital Corporation Limited
       Office Address:                                       27/F and 28/F, China World Office 2,
                                                             No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                             Chaoyang District, Beijing
       Sponsor Representatives:                              Tong Heyang, Xu Jia
       Duration of Continuous Supervision and                the period from 28 July 2020 to
        Guidance:                                              31 December 2020


     3. Haitong Securities Co., Ltd.
       Office Address:                                       Room 1101, Taikang International Tower,
                                                             No. 2 Wudinghou Street,
                                                             Xicheng District, Beijing
       Sponsor Representatives:                              An Ximei, Zhou Wei
       Duration of Continuous Supervision and                the period from 8 November 2019 to
        Guidance:                                              27 July 2020
20    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


BANK PROFILE



         On 28 July 2020, the Company changed the sponsors for continuous supervision and guidance and
     the sponsor representatives, to CITIC Securities Co., Ltd. and China International Capital Corporation
     Limited, which are now the Company’s domestic preference share sponsors for continuous supervision
     and guidance. For details, please refer to the “Announcement on Changing Sponsors for Continuous
     Supervision and Guidance and Sponsor Representatives published by the Company on 29 July 2020.


12. A Share Registrar:                                           China Securities Depository and Clearing
                                                                 Corporation Limited (Shanghai Branch)
     Office address:                                             No. 188 Yanggaonan Road,
                                                                 New Pudong District, Shanghai
     H Share Registrar:                                          Computershare Hong Kong Investor
                                                                 Services Limited
     Office Address:                                             Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
                                                                 183 Queen’s Road East,
                                                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong
     Domestic Preference Share Registrar:                        China Securities Depository and Clearing
                                                                 Corporation Limited (Shanghai Branch)
     Offshore Preference Share Registrar and                     The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV
       Transfer Agent:                                           (Luxembourg Branch).


13. Places of Listing, Stock Names and Stock Codes:


     A shares:                                                   SSE Stock Name: MINSHENG BANK;
                                                                 Stock Code: 600016
     H Share:                                                    SEHK Stock Name: MINSHENG BANK;
                                                                 Stock Code: 01988
     Domestic Preference Share:                                  SSE Stock Name: Minsheng Preference 1;
                                                                 Stock Code: 360037
     Offshore Preference Share:                                  SEHK Stock Name: CMBC 16USDPREF;
                                                                 Stock Code: 04609


14. Initial Date of Registration:                                7 February 1996
     Initial Place of Registration:                              No. 4 Zhengyi Road, Dongcheng District,
                                                                 Beijing, China


15. Date of Registration for Subsequent Change:                  20 November 2007
     Place of Registration:                                      No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,
                                                                 Xicheng District, Beijing, China
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     21


                                                                                      BANK PROFILE



16. Changes in Registered Capital


        On 16 November 2020, the Company received the Approval of the CBIRC on Changing Registered
    Capital of Minsheng Bank (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2020] No. 796) (
                                                             《中國銀保監會關於民生銀行變更註冊資本的
    批覆》  ) (銀保監覆[2020]796號), in which the CBIRC approved the Company to increase registered capital
    from RMB28,365,585,227 to RMB43,782,418,502.


17. Unified Social Credit Code: 91110000100018988F



18. Business Summary of the Company


        Formally established in Beijing in 1996, the Company is the first national joint-stock commercial bank
   in the PRC primarily founded by non-state-owned enterprises.


       Upon the approval of relevant regulatory authorities, the Company operates the following commercial
   banking businesses: taking in deposits from the general public, granting short, medium- and long-term
   loans, handling domestic and foreign settlements; handling the acceptance and discounting of negotiable
   instruments; issuing financial bonds; issuing, redeeming and underwriting government bonds acting as an
   agent; buying and selling government bonds and financial bonds; engaging in interbank lending; buying
   and selling foreign exchange and acting as an agent for the purchase and sale of foreign exchange;
   engaging in the business of bank cards; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an
   agent for the receipt and payment of money and acting as an insurance agent; providing safe deposit box
   service; and other businesses approved by relevant regulatory authorities.


      For the changes of the Company’s business philosophy during the Reporting Period, please refer to
   “Development Vision and Reform and Transformation”.
22      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

I. Major Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                Changes of
                                                             the Reporting
                                                                     Period
                                                                   over the
                                                             corresponding
                                                              period of the
                                           2020      2019     previous year      2018       2017        2016

                                                                 Increase/
Operating results (RMB million)                               decrease (%)
     Operating income                    181,807   177,745            2.29    154,161    141,947     154,051
       Net interest income               135,224   122,034           10.81     96,276    101,221     106,623
       Net non-interest income            46,583    55,711          -16.38     57,885     40,726      47,428
     Operating expenses                   50,485    50,016            0.94     49,056     47,245      52,424
     Impairment losses on credit          92,988    62,807           48.05     46,274        N/A         N/A
     Profit before income tax             36,706    64,738          -43.30     58,785     60,562      60,249
     Net profit attributable to equity
      shareholders of the Bank            34,309    53,819          -36.25     50,327     49,813      47,843
     Net cash flow from operating                             Negative for
       activities                        -82,402   -84,927    both periods    -395,498   -257,059   1,028,855


Data per share (RMB)
     Basic earnings per share               0.71      1.22          -41.80        1.14       1.13        1.09
     Diluted earnings per share             0.71      1.22          -41.80        1.14       1.13        1.09
     Net cash flow per share from                             Negative for
      operating activities                 -1.88     -1.94    both periods       -9.03      -5.87      23.50


                                                               Changes in
                                                               percentage
Profitability indicators (%)                                        points
     Return on average assets               0.51      0.87            -0.36       0.85       0.86        0.94
     Return on weighted average
       equity                               6.81     12.40            -5.59     12.94      14.03       15.13
     Cost-to-income ratio                  26.64     27.14            -0.50     30.58      32.24       31.21
     Net fee and commission income
      to operating income ratio            15.22     15.87            -0.65     18.51      23.30       26.17
     Net interest spread                    2.12      2.14            -0.02       1.81       1.61        1.98
     Net interest margin                    2.14      2.14              ─         1.77       1.76        2.10
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2020       23


                      SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS



                                                                               Changes from
                                                                               the end of the
                                                                                previous year
                                                                                 to the end of
                                                  31 December    31 December    the Reporting    31 December     31 December   31 December
                                                         2020           2019            Period          2018            2017          2016
                                                                                   Increase/
Scale indicators (RMB million)                                                  decrease (%)
  Total assets                                       6,950,233     6,681,841             4.02      5,994,822       5,902,086     5,895,877
    Total loans and advances to customers            3,853,931     3,487,601            10.50      3,056,746       2,804,307     2,461,586
    Of which: Corporate loans and advances           2,244,856     2,074,677             8.20      1,826,201       1,698,480     1,560,664
                  Personal loans and advances        1,609,075     1,412,924            13.88      1,230,545       1,105,827       900,922
    Allowance for impairment losses on loans           97,637         84,647            15.35         72,208          74,519        64,394
  Total liabilities                                  6,408,985     6,151,012             4.19      5,563,821       5,512,274     5,543,850
    Total deposits from customers                    3,728,174     3,604,088             3.44      3,167,292       2,966,311     3,082,242
    Of which: Corporate deposits                     2,961,617     2,878,931             2.87      2,578,613       2,455,247     2,522,232
                  Personal deposits                   758,712        718,363             5.62        575,289         492,008       540,548
                  Other deposits                        7,845          6,794            15.47         13,390          19,056        19,462
  Share capital                                        43,782         43,782               ─          43,782          36,485        36,485
  Total equity attributable to equity
    shareholders of the Bank                          529,537        518,845             2.06        420,074         378,970       342,590
  Total equity attributable to ordinary
    shareholders of the Bank                          459,677        448,985             2.38        410,182         369,078       332,698
  Net assets per share attributable to ordinary
   shareholders of the Bank (RMB)                       10.50          10.26             2.34           9.37            8.43          7.60


                                                                                  Changes in
                                                                                  percentage
Asset quality indicators (%)                                                           points
  NPL ratio                                               1.82          1.56             0.26           1.76            1.71          1.68
  Allowance to NPLs                                    139.38         155.50           -16.12         134.05          155.61        155.41
  Allowance to total loans                                2.53          2.43             0.10           2.36            2.66          2.62


Capital adequacy ratio indicators                                                  Increase/
  (RMB million)                                                                 decrease (%)
  Net capital base                                    707,472        673,741             5.01        547,281         514,401       444,030
  Of which: Net core tier-one capital                 461,921        455,088             1.50        415,726         374,624       338,674
              Net other tier-one capital               70,427         70,871            -0.63         10,824          10,790        10,589
              Net tier-two capital                    175,124        147,782            18.50        120,731         128,987        94,767
  Risk-weighted assets                               5,425,856     5,117,026             6.04      4,656,286       4,340,262     3,786,073


                                                                                  Changes in
                                                                                  percentage
                                                                                       points
  Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                8.51          8.89            -0.38           8.93            8.63          8.95
  Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                     9.81         10.28            -0.47           9.16            8.88          9.22
  Capital adequacy ratio (%)                            13.04          13.17            -0.13          11.75           11.85         11.73
  Total equity to total assets ratio (%)                  7.79          7.94            -0.15           7.19            6.60          5.97
24       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS



Notes:

1.   For year 2017 and 2016, earnings per share, net cash flow per share from operating activities and net assets per share
     attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank were restated based on the number of shares upon the completion of the
     capitalisation of the capital reserve in 2017.

2.   According to the requirements in the Notice on the Strict Implementation of Accounting Standards for Enterprises and
     Effective Enhancement regarding Enterprises’ Work on the 2020 Annual Reports (Cai Kuai [2021] No. 2) (    《關於嚴格執行企業
     會計準則切實加強企業2020年年報工作的通知》                   ) (財會[2021]2號), the Group reclassified credit card installment income from fee
     and commission income to interest income. The relevant financial indicators of the comparative periods have been restated.

3.   Return on average assets = net profit/average balance of total assets at the beginning and the end of the period.

4.   Earnings per share and return on weighted average equity: calculated according to regulations including the Preparation Rules
     for Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 9 – Calculation and Disclosure of Return on
     Equity and Earnings per Share (2010 Revision) (   《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規則第9號–淨資產收益率和每股收益的計算
     及披露》    (2010年修訂)) promulgated by the CSRC, etc. The effect of the distribution of dividends for preference shares and
     perpetual bond interest was taken into account in calculating the above indicators.

5.   Cost-to-income ratio = (operating and other operating expenses – tax and surcharges)/operating income.

6.   Net interest spread = average return ratio on interest-earning assets – average cost ratio of interest-bearing liabilities.

7.   Net interest margin = net interest income/average balance of interest-earning assets.

8.   Total loans and advances to customers, total deposits from customers and the compositions of which did not include accrued
     interests.

9.   Allowance for impairment losses on loans includes allowance for impairment losses on loans measured at amortised cost, and
     allowance for impairment losses on loans at fair value through other comprehensive income.

10. Other deposits include issuing certificates of deposit, outward remittance and remittance payables.

11. NPL ratio = total NPLs/total loans and advances to customers.

12. Allowance to NPLs and allowance to total loans were calculated according to Notice on the Regulatory Requirement on
    Adjustment to Allowance for Impairment Losses on Loans of Commercial Banks (Yin Jian Fa [2018] No.7) (     《關於調整商業銀
    行貸款損失準備監管要求的通知》                ) (銀監發[2018]7號) promulgated by the CBIRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the
    regulatory requirement for allowance to NPLs and allowance to total loans applicable to the Group and the Bank is 130% and
    1.8%, respectively. Allowance to NPLs = allowance for impairment losses on loans/total NPLs; allowance to total loans =
    allowance for impairment losses on loans/total loans and advances to customers.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020          25


                  SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS



II. Supplementary Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
                                                                       31 December           31 December           31 December
 Major indicators (%)                               Benchmark                 2020                  2019                  2018

 Liquidity ratio (consolidated in
   RMB)                                                       ≥25                49.72                 54.06                 51.64
 Liquidity coverage ratio                                   ≥100                128.37                133.66               121.13
 Net stable funding ratio                                   ≥100                104.57                104.30               106.06
 Leverage ratio                                                ≥4                  6.93                  6.87                 6.04
 Percentage of loans to the
   single largest loan customer                               ≤10                  1.63                  2.67                 1.78
 Percentage of loans to the
   top ten loan customers                                     ≤50                  9.73                12.31                 12.53


Notes:

1.   The above data were calculated based on the relevant regulations of the Chinese banking regulators. Except for the liquidity
     ratio, which is information of the Bank, all other indicators are information of the Group.

2.   Percentage of loans to the single largest loan customer = total loans to the single largest loan customer/net capital base.

3.   Percentage of loans to the top ten loan customers = total loans to the top ten loan customers/net capital base.


                                                                    31 December            31 December             31 December
 Migration ratio of loans (%)                                              2020                   2019                    2018

 Pass                                                                         4.94                    3.19                    3.40
 Special-mentioned                                                          30.60                    14.12                   21.83
 Substandard                                                                89.49                    46.56                   38.51
 Doubtful                                                                   56.75                    38.93                   29.14
26    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION

I. Review of Economic and Financial Conditions and Government Policies
    In 2020, affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the world economy experienced a deep recession. The
global industrial chain and supply chain circulations were blocked. International trade and investment shrank
significantly. The international financial market became more volatile, uncertainties and unstable factors
increased substantially. To alleviate the impact of the pandemic, most countries adopted unprecedented fiscal
and monetary easing policies and actively pushed forward the process of resuming work and production.
Since the second half of the year, economic growth has gradually bottomed out and rebounded.


    In the face of rare shocks in history, the Chinese government actively coordinated efforts to promote
pandemic prevention and control and economic and social development. On the basis of the work of “stability
on six key fronts (六穩)”, it specifically proposed the task of “security in six key areas (六保)”. Maintaining
security would deliver the stability needed to pursue progress. Macroeconomic policies centering on the
urgent needs of market entities were formulated and implemented, which stabilised the fundamentals of
the economy. The GDP growth rate of China picked up quarter by quarter in 2020, with an annual economic
growth rate of 2.3%, making it the only major economy in the world achieving positive economic growth.


    Based on its national realities, China refrained from adopting strong stimulus policies, thus scientifically
maintaining a desired balance between various macro policies. Using approaches of reform and innovation,
the government eased the difficulties of enterprises and vitalised them. And the government helped
micro, small, and medium enterprises and self-employed individuals, which were large in number,
extensive in scope and took the most direct hit from COVID-19, tide over difficulties. With proactive
fiscal policies, it appropriately increased the deficit ratio, launched special anti-pandemic treasury bonds,
and increased the size of special local government bonds. Significant tax and fee reductions were
implemented in a phase manner. Combined with institutional arrangements, this reduced the burden
of market entities by more than RMB2.6 trillion during the year. A direct access mechanism for fiscal
funds was creatively established to promptly supplement financial resources for the implementation of
policies benefiting enterprises and the people by community-level governments. With prudent monetary
policies becoming more flexible and moderate, the government comprehensively used means such as
RRR and interest rate cuts and refinancing to innovate monetary policy tools that directly reached the
real economy, and supported banks to increase targeted loans extension, reduce interest rates, and
defer the repayment of principal and interest of loans to micro, small and medium enterprises. The real
economy received a benefit of RMB1.5 trillion from financial institutions. Regulatory authorities actively
guided banks to implement asset classification, expose non-performing assets, make full provisions
of allowance for impairment, strengthen the disposal of non-performing assets, support small and
medium-sized banks to replenish capital through multiple channels and improve corporate governance, and
enhance the stability of financial institutions. The macro-prudential policy framework was further improved,
and important periodical results were achieved in the battle to prevent and resolve financial risks.


    In response to the impact of the pandemic, financial institutions in the banking industry focused on
improving the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy, continued to increase credit support for
the manufacturing industry and micro, small and medium enterprises, and actively supported major national
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     27


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



strategies and key projects. The credit increase of the banking industry was at a high level, with accelerated
scale expansion. Loans denominated in RMB extended by financial institutions in the banking industry
increased by RMB19.6 trillion during the year. Total assets as at the end of the year were RMB319.7 trillion,
representing an increase of 10.1% as compared with the end of the previous year. Commercial banks
recorded a cumulative net profit of RMB1.94 trillion in 2020, a net interest margin of 2.10%, and a NPL ratio
of 1.84% as at the end of the year. With the gradual recovery of the economy and the accelerated clearing of
risks, the development of the banking industry showed an obvious trend of stabilisation and recovery.


II. Goals and Strategies
    2020 was the final year for building a moderately prosperous society in all aspects. It was also the
year of gaining a decisive victory for the Bank’s reform and transformation and three-year development
plan. Adhering to customer-centric philosophy, and with the goal of improving development quality and
competitiveness, the Bank comprehensively deployed, coordinated and advanced the work in relation to
pandemic prevention and control and business development, increased support for the real economy, actively
innovated operation and management methods, led the consolidation of basic customer base, basic business
and basic management, and coordinated the prevention of various financial risks, with its overall operations
developing steadily.


    1. The Bank supported the real economy and implemented regulatory requirements. It strengthened
financial services for micro, small and medium enterprises and further enhanced the quality and efficiency
of services for them. In strict compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements, it further increased
credit supply to the manufacturing industry. The Bank further increased the granting of poverty alleviation
loans to push forward the orderly implementation of targeted poverty alleviation by finance. The Bank
actively supported the development of new trade forms, and better served customers engaged in cross-
border e-commerce, market procurement, and comprehensive foreign trade services. The Bank promoted the
conversion of loan pricing benchmark and the decline of loan interest rate bp, and implemented the policy of
lowering fees and surcharges to ensure the implementation and effectiveness of the LPR reform.


    2. The Bank promoted reform and transformation, and strengthened the implementation of relative
measures. The Bank comprehensively implemented the key tasks of reform and transformation, improved
the incentive and restraint mechanism for transformation, and stepped up efforts in promoting reform
and transformation. Various measures were taken to comprehensively increase values of corporate, retail
and financial institutions customers, and continuously optimise liability structure. Actions were centralised
throughout the Bank to speed up the implementation of NSOE strategy. The Bank also enhanced the
coordination among information technology, internet finance and business to coordinate the development
of fintech. Efforts were made to improve the development of cross-selling system to further promote
comprehensive operation. Coordination of risk and business was strengthened to improve the overall risk
management system. Value and strategy-oriented resource allocation and performance appraisal were
adopted, and the organisational structure and staff composition were optimised.
28    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     3. The Bank implemented its NSOE strategy, and closely followed the national layout for different
regions. According to its NSOE strategy, the Bank deepened the reform of management system and
mechanism of corporate business, established a segmented and classified customer group management
system, optimised the marketing model of strategic customers, and accelerated the systematic and
comprehensive implementation of strategic NSOEs, small and medium-sized NSOEs, small and micro-
sized NSOEs and niche NSOEs. The Bank promoted the integrated development of large, medium, small
and micro enterprises along the supply chains with supporting measures. The Bank integrated itself into
national strategies to create regional features and advantages. It studied and formulated business strategies
and implementation plans for the four key regions of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, the
Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, and Chengdu-Chongqing region, actively seized regional
development opportunities, specified differentiated positioning and development strategies, enhanced
regional integrated coordination, strengthened supporting policies and institutional mechanisms, created an
efficient and convenient service system, and carried out pilot project of key mechanism reforms in key areas.


     4. The Bank promoted the in-depth integration of finance with technology and accelerated digital
transformation. In more open-minded and active response to the opportunities and challenges arising from
fintech development, the Bank accelerated the pace of digital transformation. The Bank strengthened the
synergy between technology and business, and provided technology “momentum”, data “empowerment”
and resource support for the implementation of strategies and reform and transformation with distributed
architecture transformation as the driving force and data governance as the key approach. The Bank
vigorously developed the B-end, C-end and F-end transaction scenarios, improved products and services
such as new supply chain, settlement and cash management, customer group services, product offerings,
intelligent risk control and remote banking, created a unified payment brand, and further leveraged the
important role of production factors such as technology and data to enhance the capability to serve the real
economy. The Bank took the lead in launching 5G-based mobile banking in the industry to enhance intelligent
services and continuously improve customer experience. By gradually starting with the in-depth reform of
systems and mechanisms, the Bank sped up the digital transformation, and promoted ecological and value
chain reconstruction with an aim to accomplish its strategic mission of “becoming a digital bank empowered
by technologies (科技引領，數字民生)”.


     5. The Bank strengthened internal coordination, and deepened integrated operations. The Bank
established a “customer-centric” integrated service system, vigorously promoted the establishment of
cross-selling and business coordination systems, formulated and refined cross-selling mechanism for
strategic NSOE customers and entrepreneur customer groups. All these contributed to improving the
quality and efficiency of corporate business, promoting business development of retail banking, financial
markets and subsidiaries as well as establishing an integrated and comprehensive service system of
“capital+intelligence+commerce”. The scope of cross-selling had been expanded to cover businesses such
as real estate development loan and personal mortgage loan, personal consumer loan of employees of
corporate customers and financial institutions business, etc. The Bank established mechanisms for marketing,
pricing and profit distribution, appraisal and evaluation and incentives of cross-selling of key businesses. The
Bank increased resource allocation, improved team building and enhanced the support of system and data
platforms to promote coordinated development of all business lines.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020    29


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     6. The Bank strengthened basic management, and enhanced refined management capabilities. The
Bank reinforced basic management, and guided the consolidation of basic customer base and basic products
and services. The Bank fortified the management of assets and liabilities, and promoted steady growth of
the scale of assets and liabilities and the continuous optimisation of structure. The Bank increased credit
support for pandemic prevention and control, and optimised the regional structure of asset distribution. The
Bank implemented the reform of interest rate liberalisation, and the net interest margin remained stable.
The Bank strengthened the management of inefficient assets, and increased the return on assets and capital
efficiency. The Bank regulated the management of service prices, and promoted the regulated, healthy and
sustainable development of intermediate business. The Bank enhanced capital management, and accelerated
the transformation of light-capital operation. Financial management was emphasised to continuously improve
the input-output efficiency of financial resources. The Bank tightened the risk management of assets and
liabilities, and moderately promoted longer liability duration of the Bank.


    7. The Bank tightened risk management and control and shaped compliance culture. The Bank
optimised the risk management system and structure and established an overall risk management system
to enhance risk management. It revised and refined risk policy management rules to regulate the centralised
management of risk policies. The internal control system was improved to promote the normalised operation
of the coordinated mechanism among departments in relation to audit, risk management and internal control
management. Management of key legal risks was strengthened to improve the safe operating environment
of the Bank’s businesses. In order to lay a sound foundation for reform and transformation and business
development, the Bank strengthened the construction of its money laundering risk management system.
It continued to advance professional operation and management mechanism of problem assets to improve
the efficiency and effectiveness of collection and disposal. It improved the compliance system construction,
shaped the concept of “compliant operation is the core competitiveness”, and firmly followed the path of
steady and sustainable development.


III. Overview of Operations
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank thoroughly implemented the decisions and deployments of the
CPC Central Committee and the State Council and regulatory requirements, and actively responded to
changes in the internal and external operating environments. It insisted on customer-centric philosophy,
solidly served the real economy, accelerated the disposal of non-performing assets, and coordinated
pandemic prevention and control and business development. As such, business operation remained generally
stable and healthy with steadily expanded business scale and enhanced prevention and control of financial
risks.


     Operating income increased while net profit declined as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded operating income of RMB181,807
million, representing an increase of RMB4,062 million, or 2.29%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year. Profit before allowance amounted to RMB131,322 million, representing an increase of
RMB3,593 million, or 2.81%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Net profit
attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB34,309 million, representing a decrease
of RMB19,510 million, or 36.25%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Return
on average assets and return on weighted average equity attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of
the Bank were 0.51% and 6.81%, respectively, representing decreases of 0.36 percentage points and 5.59
percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, respectively.
30    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     The asset and liability business grew steadily with continuously optimised structure. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6,950,233 million, representing
an increase of RMB268,392 million, or 4.02%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans
and advances to customers amounted to RMB3,853,931 million, representing an increase of RMB366,330
million, or 10.50%, as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 55.45% of total assets,
representing an increase of 3.25 percentage points, as compared with the end of the previous year.
Total liabilities amounted to RMB6,408,985 million, representing an increase of RMB257,973 million, or
4.19%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total deposits amounted to RMB3,728,174 million,
representing an increase of RMB124,086 million, or 3.44%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
Personal deposits and demand deposits accounted for 20.35% and 41.08% of total deposits, respectively,
representing increases of 0.42 percentage points and 1.74 percentage points as compared with the end of
the previous year, respectively.


     Risk prevention and control capabilities were continuously improved, and asset quality was
constantly consolidated. During the Reporting Period, the Group constantly strengthened credit risk
management, enhanced asset quality control, improved risk measurement and early-warning capabilities,
and took multiple measures to intensify the disposal of non-performing assets, so as to improve the overall
risk management. Affected by both the macro economy and the pandemic, the Group’s NPLs increased as
compared with the end of the previous year. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total NPLs of the Group
amounted to RMB70,049 million, representing an increase of RMB15,615 million, or 28.69%, as compared
with the end of the previous year. The NPL ratio was 1.82%, representing an increase of 0.26 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. Loans overdue for more than 90 days amounted to
RMB51,750 million, accounting for 1.35%, representing a decrease of 0.02 percentage points as compared
with the end of the previous year. The ratio of loans overdue for more than 90 days to NPLs was 73.88%,
representing a decrease of 14.12 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year, reaching
the best level in the recent three years. The allowance to NPLs and the allowance to total loans were
139.38% and 2.53%, respectively, representing a decrease of 16.12 percentage points and an increase of
0.10 percentage points, respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     31


                             DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



IV. Analysis of Major Items of Statement of Profit or Loss
(I) Changes of major items of statement of profit or loss
    During the Reporting Period, in the face of the shock of the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts
from external market environment, the Group proactively responded to government’s call for supporting
enterprises to resume work and production. It also increased capital investment, reduced financing costs,
and lowered fees and surcharges, while simultaneously initiating measures to restructure business and
accelerate the disposal of non-performing assets, resulting in the decrease in net profit as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. Changes of major items of the Group’s statement of profit or loss
are as follows:

 Item (RMB million)                                            2020                2019          Change (%)

 Operating income                                           181,807             177,745                  2.29
 Of which: Net interest income                              135,224             122,034                10.81
              Net non-interest income                        46,583              55,711               -16.38
 Operating expenses                                          50,485              50,016                  0.94
 Impairment losses on credit                                 92,988              62,807                48.05
 Impairment losses on the other assets                         1,628                184              784.78
 Profit before income tax                                    36,706              64,738               -43.30
 Less: Income tax expense                                      1,604               9,814              -83.66
 Net profit                                                  35,102              54,924               -36.09
 Of which: Net profit attributable to equity
            shareholders of the Bank                         34,309              53,819               -36.25
              Profit or loss attributable to
               non-controlling interests                        793                1,105              -28.24
32      China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(II) Operating income
     During the Reporting Period, operating income of the Group amounted to RMB181,807 million,
representing an increase of RMB4,062 million, or 2.29%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year. The amounts, percentages and changes of major items of the Group’s operating income are as
follows:

                                                       2020                       2019
 Item (RMB million)                             Amount        % of total   Amount        % of total   Change (%)

 Net interest income                            135,224           74.38    122,034           68.66        10.81
     Interest income                            286,593          157.64    274,815          154.61         4.29
     Of which: Interest income from loans and
                 advances to customers          200,351          110.21    186,145          104.73         7.63
              Interest income from
                financial investments            64,402           35.42     64,259           36.15         0.22
              Interest income from
                placements with banks and
                other financial institutions      8,402            4.62     10,711            6.03        -21.56
              Interest income from
                long-term receivables             6,840            3.76      6,411            3.61         6.69
              Interest income from
                balances with central bank        5,306            2.92      5,195            2.92         2.14
              Interest income from
                financial assets held under
                resale agreements                   788            0.43      1,430            0.80        -44.90
              Interest income from
                balances with banks and
                other financial institutions        504            0.28        664            0.37        -24.10
     Interest expense                           -151,369         -83.26    -152,781         -85.95         -0.92
 Net non-interest income                         46,583           25.62     55,711           31.34        -16.38
     Net fee and commission income                27,664          15.22     28,204           15.87         -1.91
     Other net non-interest income               18,919           10.40     27,507           15.47        -31.22

Total                                           181,807          100.00    177,745          100.00         2.29
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020     33


                              DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(III) Net interest income and net interest margin
    During the Reporting Period, net interest income of the Group amounted to RMB135,224 million,
representing an increase of RMB13,190 million, or 10.81%, as compared with the corresponding period of
the previous year. The net interest margin of the Group was 2.14%, which was the same as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year.

                                              2020                                  2019
                                   Average    Interest    Average      Average       Interest     Average
 Item (RMB million)                balance     income    return (%)    balance        income    return (%)

 Interest-earning assets
 Total loans and advances to
   customers                      3,741,875   200,351         5.35    3,223,641      186,145           5.77
 Of which: Corporate loans and
             advances             2,233,120   107,978         4.84    1,930,845      101,637           5.26
            Personal loans and
             advances             1,508,755    92,373         6.12    1,292,796       84,508           6.54
 Financial investments            1,758,145    64,402         3.66    1,649,398       64,259           3.90
 Balances with central bank        339,846      5,306         1.56     331,892         5,195           1.57
 Placements with banks and
   other financial institutions    263,722      8,402         3.19     266,011        10,711           4.03
 Long-term receivables              127,703     6,840         5.36     119,976         6,411           5.34
 Balances with banks and
   other financial institutions     59,838        504         0.84      53,120           664           1.25
 Financial assets held under
   resale agreements                36,938        788         2.13      51,035         1,430           2.80

 Total                            6,328,067   286,593         4.53    5,695,073      274,815           4.83
34       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                     2020                                        2019
                                      Average        Interest       Average        Average       Interest       Average
 Item (RMB million)                   balance       expenses        cost (%)       balance      expenses        cost (%)

 Interest-bearing liabilities
 Deposits from customers             3,749,789         84,767           2.26     3,369,064         79,525           2.36
 Of which: Corporate deposits        2,991,830         66,984           2.24     2,721,398         64,966           2.39
              Demand                 1,199,629         13,653           1.14     1,032,427          9,617           0.93
              Time                   1,792,201         53,331           2.98     1,688,971         55,349           3.28
             Personal deposits         757,959         17,783           2.35       647,666         14,559           2.25
              Demand                   222,211            805           0.36       198,709            834           0.42
              Time                     535,748         16,978           3.17       448,957         13,725           3.06
 Deposits from banks and
  other financial institutions       1,088,259         25,321           2.33       982,421         28,162           2.87
 Debt securities issued                806,261         24,330           3.02       715,429         25,131           3.51
 Borrowings from central
   bank and other financial
   institutions and others             387,079         12,589           3.25       362,001         13,267           3.66
 Placements from banks and
   other financial institutions        135,776          2,147           1.58       134,409          3,763           2.80
 Financial assets sold under
   repurchase agreements               114,739          2,215           1.93       116,607          2,933           2.52

 Total                               6,281,903        151,369           2.41     5,679,931       152,781            2.69

 Net interest income                                  135,224                                    122,034
 Net interest spread                                                    2.12                                        2.14
 Net interest margin                                                    2.14                                        2.14


Note:     In this table, outward remittance and remittance payables are included in corporate demand deposits; issuance of
          certificates of deposit is included in corporate time deposits.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2020       35


                           DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The impact of changes in scale and changes in interest rate on interest income and interest expenses of
the Group were as follow:

                                                                                    Changes in
                                                             Changes in            interest rate
                                                          scale from the               from the
                                                          corresponding          corresponding
                                                           period of the          period of the
                                                           previous year          previous year         Net increase/
 Item (RMB million)                                               to 2020                to 2020             decrease

 Changes in interest income:
 Total loans and advances to customers                              29,925               -15,719                14,206
 Financial investments                                               4,237                 -4,094                   143
 Balances with central bank                                            125                    -14                   111
 Placements with banks and other
   financial institutions                                               -92                -2,217                -2,309
 Long-term receivables                                                 413                     16                   429
 Balances with banks and other
  financial institutions                                                 84                  -244                  -160
 Financial assets held under resale
   agreements                                                         -395                   -247                  -642

 Subtotal                                                           34,297               -22,519                11,778

 Changes in interest expenses:
 Deposits from customers                                             8,987                 -3,745                 5,242
 Deposits from banks and
  other financial institutions                                       3,034                 -5,875                -2,841
 Debt securities issued                                              3,191                 -3,992                  -801
 Borrowings from central bank and other
  financial institutions and others                                    919                 -1,597                  -678
 Placements from banks and other
   financial institutions                                                38                -1,654                -1,616
 Financial assets sold under
   repurchase agreements                                                -47                  -671                  -718

 Subtotal                                                           16,122               -17,534                 -1,412

 Changes in net interest income                                     18,175                 -4,985               13,190


Note:   Change in scale is measured by the change of average balance; change in interest rate is measured by the change of
        average interest rate.
36    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



1. Interest income
     During the Reporting Period, interest income of the Group amounted to RMB286,593 million,
representing an increase of RMB11,778 million, or 4.29%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year, mainly due to the increases of interest income from loans and advances to customers of the
Group.


(1) Interest income from loans and advances to customers
    During the Reporting Period, interest income from loans and advances to customers of the Group
amounted to RMB200,351 million, representing an increase of RMB14,206 million, or 7.63%, as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the increases in loans and advances to
customers. In regards to business types, interest income from corporate loans and advances amounted
to RMB107,978 million, representing an increase of RMB6,341 million, or 6.24%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. Interest income from personal loans and advances amounted
to RMB92,373 million, representing an increase of RMB7,865 million, or 9.31%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. In regards to changing factors, the increase in the daily average
scale of loans and advances led to an increase of RMB29,925 million in interest income, as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year, and the decrease in the average return ratio led to a decrease
of RMB15,719 million in interest income, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


(2) Interest income from financial investments
    During the Reporting Period, interest income from financial investments of the Group amounted
to RMB64,402 million, representing an increase of RMB143 million, or 0.22%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


(3) Interest income from balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions and
financial assets held under resale agreements
     During the Reporting Period, interest income from balances and placements with banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group amounted to RMB9,694
million, representing a decrease of RMB3,111 million, or 24.30%, as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction of the interest rate in the money
market. The average return ratio fell by 0.77 percentage points, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year, which led to a decrease of RMB2,708 million in interest income, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


(4) Interest income from long-term receivables
    During the Reporting Period, interest income from long-term receivables of the Group amounted
to RMB6,840 million, representing an increase of RMB429 million, or 6.69%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the scale of long-term receivables.


(5) Interest income from balances with central bank
    During the Reporting Period, interest income from balances with central bank of the Group was
RMB5,306 million, representing an increase of RMB111 million, or 2.14%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    37


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



2. Interest expenses
     During the Reporting Period, interest expenses of the Group amounted to RMB151,369 million,
representing a decrease of RMB1,412 million, or 0.92%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year.


(1) Interest expenses on deposits from customers
    During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on deposits from customers of the Group amounted
to RMB84,767 million, representing an increase of RMB5,242 million, or 6.59%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in the scale of deposits. In regards
to business types, interest expenses on corporate deposits amounted to RMB66,984 million, representing
an increase of RMB2,018 million, or 3.11%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous
year. Interest expenses on personal deposits amounted to RMB17,783 million, representing an increase of
RMB3,224 million, or 22.14%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. In regards
to changing factors, the increase in the daily average scale of deposits from customers led to an increase of
RMB8,987 million in interest expenses, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and
the decrease in the average cost ratio resulted in a decrease of RMB3,745 million in interest expenses, as
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


(2) Interest expenses on deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and
financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
    During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on deposits and placements from banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of the Group amounted to
RMB29,683 million, representing a decrease of RMB5,175 million, or 14.85%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the reduction of the interest
rate in the money market; the average cost ratio fell by 0.61 percentage points, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year, which led to a decrease of RMB8,200 million in interest expenses,
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


(3) Interest expenses on debt securities issued
    During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on debt securities issued of the Group amounted
to RMB24,330 million, representing a decrease of RMB801 million, or 3.19%, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the decrease in the average cost ratio. The
increase in the daily average scale of debt securities issued led to an increase of RMB3,191 million in
interest expenses, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and the decline in the
average cost ratio resulted in a decrease of RMB3,992 million in interest expenses, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.


(4) Interest expenses on borrowings from central bank and other financial institutions and other
interest expenses
     During the Reporting Period, interest expenses on borrowings from central bank and other financial
institutions and other interest expenses of the Group amounted to RMB12,589 million, representing a
decrease of RMB678 million, or 5.11%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year,
mainly due to the decrease in cost ratio. The increase in the daily average scale of borrowings from central
bank and other financial institutions and that of other businesses led to an increase of RMB919 million in
interest expenses, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, and the decline in the
average cost ratio resulted in a decrease of RMB1,597 million in interest expenses, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.
38       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(IV) Net non-interest income
    During the Reporting Period, net non-interest income of the Group amounted to RMB46,583 million,
representing a decrease of RMB9,128 million, or 16.38%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year.

 Item (RMB million)                                         2020               2019         Change (%)

 Net fee and commission income                            27,664             28,204               -1.91
 Other net non-interest income                            18,919             27,507             -31.22

 Total                                                    46,583             55,711             -16.38


1. Net fee and commission income
     During the Reporting Period, net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to RMB27,664
million, representing a decrease of RMB540 million, or 1.91%, as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year. This was mainly because fee income from settlement and clearance services
amounted to RMB2,881 million, representing a decrease of RMB815 million, or 22.05%, as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year, and fee and commission income from credit commitments
amounted to RMB2,104 million, representing a decrease of RMB370 million, or 14.96%, as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year.

 Item (RMB million)                                         2020               2019         Change (%)

 Fee and commission income                                33,113             32,933               0.55
 Of which: Bank card services                             11,469             10,945               4.79
              Agency services                              8,434              7,669               9.98
              Trust and other fiduciary services           6,213              6,205               0.13
              Settlement services                          2,881              3,696             -22.05
              Credit commitments                           2,104              2,474             -14.96
              Others                                       2,012              1,944               3.50

 Fee and commission expenses                               5,449              4,729              15.23

 Net fee and commission income                            27,664             28,204               -1.91
                                                                                 Annual Report 2020      39


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



2. Other net non-interest income
     During the Reporting Period, other net non-interest income of the Group amounted to RMB18,919
million, representing a decrease of RMB8,588 million, or 31.22%, as compared with the corresponding period
of the previous year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the scale of financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss and fluctuations of market price and exchange rate.

 Item (RMB million)                                          2020               2019          Change (%)

 Net trading gain                                           4,212               9,067             -53.55
 Net gain from investment securities                       13,394             15,895              -15.73
 Other operating income                                     1,313               2,545             -48.41

 Total                                                     18,919             27,507              -31.22


(V) Operating expenses
    During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to thoroughly refine cost management, vigorously
promoted resource integration, allocated more resources to strategic and key areas, and continuously
improved its input-output efficiency. Operating expenses amounted to RMB50,485 million, representing an
increase of RMB469 million, or 0.94%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; the
cost-to-income ratio was 26.64%, representing a decrease of 0.50 percentage points, as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year.

 Item (RMB million)                                          2020               2019          Change (%)

 Staff costs (including directors’
   remunerations)                                          28,242             27,751                  1.77
 Depreciation and amortisation                              5,823               5,703                 2.10
 Tax and surcharges                                         2,051               1,772              15.74
 Office expenses                                            1,921               1,622              18.43
 Short-term and low-value rental and
   property management expenses                               735               1,060             -30.66
 Business expenses and others                              11,713             12,108                  -3.26

 Total                                                     50,485             50,016                  0.94


(VI) Impairment losses on credit
     During the Reporting Period, the Group increased the allowance for impairment on loans, investment
(including existing assets of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products that were brought back
to the balance sheet) and other businesses, actively promoted the disposal of non-performing assets, and
proactively mitigated risks. Impairment losses on credit amounted to RMB92,988 million, representing an
increase of RMB30,181 million, or 48.05%, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.
Of which, impairment losses on loans amounted to RMB76,990 million, representing an increase of 16,140
million, as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year; impairment losses on financial
investments amounted to RMB10,884 million, representing an increase of RMB10,250 million, as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year.
40       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



 Item (RMB million)                                            2020               2019            Change (%)

 Loans and advances to customers                             76,990              60,850                26.52
 Financial assets measured at amortised cost                  9,684               1,048               824.05
 Financial assets at fair value through other                                                Negative for the
   comprehensive income                                       1,200                -414       previous period
 Long-term receivables                                        1,083                 510               112.35
 Others                                                       4,031                 813               395.82

 Total                                                       92,988              62,807                48.05


(VII) Income tax expenses
    During the Reporting Period, income tax expenses of the Group amounted to RMB1,604 million,
representing a decrease of RMB8,210 million, or 83.66%, as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year, mainly due to the dual impact of the decline in profit before income tax and the increase in
non-taxable income.


V. Analysis of Major Items of Statement of Financial Position
(I) Assets
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB6,950,233 million,
representing an increase of RMB268,392 million, or 4.02%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
With stable growth of total assets, business structure continuing to be optimised and the proportion of total
loans and advances to customers continuing to rise, the operation further returned to business origins.

                                                 31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                              Amount         % of total         Amount          % of total

 Total loans and advances to customers          3,853,931             55.45      3,487,601             52.20
 Add: Accrued interests on loans                   24,908              0.36         25,301              0.38
 Less: Allowance for impairment losses
        on loans at amortised cost                 96,542              1.39         82,475              1.23
 Net loans and advances to customers            3,782,297             54.42      3,430,427             51.35
 Net financial investments                      2,120,650             30.51      2,184,305             32.69
 Cash and balances with central bank              401,525              5.78        371,155              5.55
 Balances and placements with
   banks and other financial
   institutions and financial assets
   held under resale agreements                   295,456              4.25        367,544              5.50
 Long-term receivables                            127,853              1.84        116,593              1.74
 Property and equipment                            51,129              0.74         51,365              0.77
 Others                                           171,323              2.46        160,452              2.40

 Total                                          6,950,233          100.00        6,681,841            100.00
                                                                                                Annual Report 2020     41


                             DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



1. Loans and advances to customers
     During the Reporting Period, the Group resolutely implemented the decisions and deployments of the
CPC Central Committee and the State Council by increasing credit support for pandemic prevention and
control, and actively implementing policies for financially supporting small and micro enterprises. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to RMB3,853,931
million, representing an increase of RMB366,330 million, or 10.50%, as compared with the end of the
previous year. Total loans and advances to customers accounted for 55.45% of total assets, representing an
increase of 3.25 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


2. Financial investments
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total financial investments of the Group amounted to
RMB2,108,559 million, representing a decrease of RMB61,783 million, or 2.85%, as compared with the end
of the previous year, and accounted for 30.34% of total assets, representing a decrease of 2.14 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. It was mainly due to the proactive adjustment to
business structure, reduction of the scale of non-standardised investment, and appropriate increase in the
allocation of high-liquidity standardised investments.

                                                        31 December 2020                      31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                                     Amount           % of total            Amount        % of total


 Financial assets measured at
   amortised cost                                      1,321,923              62.70         1,134,430            52.27
 Of which: Bonds                                       1,179,567              55.94            925,110           42.63
             Trust beneficial rights and
               asset management plans                    139,747                6.63           205,997               9.49
             Other investments                              2,609               0.13             3,323               0.15
 Financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                322,480              15.29            528,338           24.34
 Of which: Bonds                                          74,851                3.55           115,787               5.33
             Asset management plans                       10,168                0.48            84,001               3.87
             Other investments                           237,461               11.26           328,550           15.14
 Financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                            464,156               22.01           507,574           23.39
 Of which: Bonds                                         460,126               21.82           505,488           23.29
             Other investments                              4,030               0.19             2,086               0.10

 Total                                                 2,108,559             100.00         2,170,342           100.00


Note:    Other investments include equity instruments, investment fund, wealth management and others.
42       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     The bonds held by the Group in terms of issuers are as follows:

                                                  31 December 2020                31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                               Amount        % of total         Amount      % of total

 Government                                        964,047              56.23     836,611            54.10
 Policy banks                                       90,682               5.29       97,757            6.32
 Banking and non-banking financial
   institutions                                    245,339              14.31     285,412            18.46
 Corporates                                        414,476              24.17     326,605            21.12

 Total                                           1,714,544             100.00    1,546,385         100.00


   Financial bonds held by the Group were mainly policy financial bonds and financial bonds of commercial
banks. The top ten financial bonds in terms of par value are as follows:

                                                                                              Allowance
                                                                 Annual                              for
                                                                interest        Maturity     impairment
 Item (RMB million)                           Par value          rate (%)          date           losses

 2020 financial bonds                            7,190                 3.23     2025/1/10             2.06
 2019 financial bonds                            5,310                 3.45     2029/9/20             1.21
 2020 financial bonds                            4,240                 2.20      2023/4/1             0.95
 2019 financial bonds                            4,100                 3.45      2022/7/9             1.54
 2020 financial bonds                            3,870                 1.86      2023/4/9             0.78
 2019 financial bonds                            3,700                 3.24     2024/8/14             0.88
 2019 financial bonds                            3,680                 3.74     2029/7/12             0.98
 2020 financial bonds                            3,650                 3.34     2025/7/14             0.85
 2020 financial bonds                            3,540                 3.43     2027/1/14             1.10
 2020 financial bonds                            3,530                 3.07     2030/3/10             1.01

 Total                                          42,810                                               11.36


3. Balances and placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets held under
resale agreements
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, balances and placements with banks and other financial
institutions and financial assets held under resale agreements of the Group amounted to RMB295,456 million,
representing a decrease of RMB72,088 million, or 19.61%, as compared with the end of the previous year,
and accounted for 4.25% of the total assets, representing a decrease of 1.25 percentage points as compared
with the end of the previous year. This was mainly due to the higher efficiency of liquidity management and
improved inefficient asset management.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020     43


                             DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



4. Derivative financial instruments
                                         31 December 2020                        31 December 2019
                                                  Fair value                                Fair value

                                Nominal                                    Nominal
 Item (RMB million)             amount         Assets   Liabilities        amount        Assets    Liabilities

 Currency derivatives           1,940,939      39,988          37,279    1,920,392       13,782          13,521
 Interest rate derivatives      1,399,900       1,193           1,497    1,807,599          794           1,078
 Precious metal derivatives         47,559        869           3,673      134,309       16,471           3,066
 Others                             1,666         235            226         2,760           53            128

 Total                                         42,285          42,675                    31,100          17,793


(II) Liabilities
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB6,408,985 million,
representing an increase of RMB257,973 million, or 4.19%, as compared with the end of the previous year.

                                                  31 December 2020                    31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                               Amount          % of total          Amount        % of total

 Deposits from customers                         3,768,151               58.79       3,637,034             59.13
 Of which: Total deposits from customers
            (excluding accrued interest)         3,728,174               58.17       3,604,088             58.59
 Deposits and placements from banks
  and other financial institutions and
  financial assets sold under
  repurchase agreements                          1,135,039               17.71       1,264,759             20.56
 Debt securities issued                            957,880               14.95        817,225              13.29
 Borrowings from central bank and
   other financial institutions                   423,370                 6.61        331,138               5.38
 Others                                           124,545                 1.94        100,856               1.64

 Total                                           6,408,985              100.00       6,151,012            100.00


1. Deposits from customers
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total deposits from customers of the Group amounted to
RMB3,728,174 million, representing an increase of RMB124,086 million, or 3.44%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. In respect of customer structure, the proportions of corporate deposits, personal
deposits and other deposits in total deposits were 79.44%, 20.35% and 0.21%, respectively. In respect of
maturity structure, the proportions of demand deposits, time deposits and other deposits in total deposits
were 41.08%, 58.71% and 0.21%, respectively.
44       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                 31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                              Amount        % of total         Amount        % of total

 Corporate deposits                            2,961,617            79.44       2,878,931            79.88
 Of which: Demand deposits                      1,287,743           34.54       1,201,626            33.34
              Time deposits                    1,673,874            44.90       1,677,305            46.54
 Personal deposits                               758,712            20.35         718,363            19.93
 Of which: Demand deposits                       243,780             6.54         216,424             6.00
              Time deposits                      514,932            13.81         501,939            13.93
 Certificates of deposit                            2,929            0.08           4,446             0.12
 Outward remittance and
  remittance payables                               4,916            0.13           2,348             0.07

 Total                                          3,728,174          100.00       3,604,088           100.00


2. Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions and financial assets sold under
repurchase agreements
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total deposits and placements from banks and other financial
institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of the Group amounted to RMB1,135,039
million, representing a decrease of RMB129,720 million, or 10.26%, as compared with the end of the
previous year.


3. Debt securities issued
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total debt securities issued by the Group amounted to
RMB957,880 million, representing an increase of RMB140,655 million, or 17.21%, as compared with the end
of the previous year, mainly due to the increased issuance of interbank negotiable certificates of deposit.


(III) Shareholders’ equity
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB541,248
million, representing an increase of RMB10,419 million, or 1.96%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. Of which, total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB529,537 million,
representing an increase of RMB10,692 million, or 2.06%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020      45


                           DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                     31 December         31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                         2020                2019           Change (%)

 Share capital                                              43,782              43,782                    ─
 Other equity instrument                                    69,860              69,860                    ─
 Of which: Preference shares                                29,867              29,867                    ─
            Perpetual bonds                                 39,993              39,993                    ─
 Reserves                                                  190,648             186,457                  2.25
 Of which: Capital reserve                                   57,419             57,411                  0.01
            Surplus reserve                                 48,479              45,162                  7.34
            General reserve                                 86,599              81,657                  6.05
            Other reserves                                   -1,849              2,227    Negative for the
                                                                                           current period
 Retained earnings                                         225,247             218,746                  2.97
 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
   of the Bank                                             529,537             518,845                  2.06
 Non-controlling interests                                   11,711             11,984                  -2.28

 Total                                                     541,248             530,829                  1.96


(IV) Off-balance sheet items
                                                     31 December         31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                         2020                2019           Change (%)

 Unused credit card commitments                            478,980             440,038                  8.85
 Bank acceptances                                          403,532             542,571              -25.63
 Guarantees                                                158,889             159,266                  -0.24
 Letters of credit                                         116,333             136,952              -15.06
 Irrevocable loan commitments                               13,016              46,599              -72.07
 Capital commitments                                        15,775              30,463              -48.22


(V) Market share of major products and services
     According to the Summary of Sources & Uses of Funds of Financial Institutions (in RMB and Foreign
Currency) (《金融機構本外幣信貸收支月報表》                  ) released by the PBOC in December 2020, among nine national
joint-stock commercial banks in China, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the market share of total
deposits of the Bank was 11.54%. Among nine national joint-stock commercial banks in China, the market
share of total loans of the Bank amounted to 12.72%. (Note: Nine national joint-stock commercial banks in
China refer to China Merchants Bank, CITIC Bank, Industrial Bank, China Everbright Bank, Shanghai Pudong
Development Bank, Huaxia Bank, China Guangfa Bank, Ping An Bank and the Bank. All data above are based
on the statistics of domestic institutions of the Bank. According to the Notice on Adjusting the Statistical
Standards of Loans and Deposits for Financial Institutions (Yin Fa [2015] No. 14) (    《中國人民銀行關於調整金
融機構存貸款統計口徑的通知》(銀發[2015]14號)) released by the PBOC, with effect from 2015, the deposit-
taking financial institutions shall include deposits from and placements with non-deposit-taking financial
institutions in “Total Deposits” and “Total Loans”, respectively, for statistical purpose.)
46       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



VI. Qualitative Analysis of Loans
(I) Loan distribution by five-category classification
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total special-mentioned loans of the Group amounted to
RMB114,676 million, representing an increase of RMB11,391 million, or 11.03%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. Special-mentioned loans accounted for 2.98%, representing an increase of 0.02
percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total NPLs amounted to RMB70,049
million, representing an increase of RMB15,615 million, or 28.69%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. The NPL ratio was 1.82%, representing an increase of 0.26 percentage points as compared with the
end of the previous year.

                                               31 December 2020         31 December 2019
                                                                                                  Change
 Item (RMB million)                            Amount     % of total    Amount     % of total         (%)

 Performing loans                             3,783,882       98.18    3,433,167       98.44        10.22
 Of which: Pass                               3,669,206       95.20    3,329,882       95.48        10.19
              Special-mentioned                114,676         2.98     103,285         2.96        11.03
 NPLs                                           70,049         1.82      54,434         1.56        28.69
 Of which: Substandard                          25,023         0.65      22,181         0.63        12.81
              Doubtful                          24,477         0.64      19,441         0.56        25.90
              Loss                              20,549         0.53      12,812         0.37        60.39

 Total                                        3,853,931      100.00    3,487,601      100.00        10.50


(II) Loan distribution by product types
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total corporate loans (including discounted bills) of the Group
amounted to RMB2,244,856 million, representing an increase of RMB170,179 million as compared with the
end of the previous year, accounting for 58.25% of total loans, representing a decrease of 1.24 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total personal loans amounted to RMB1,609,075
million, representing an increase of RMB196,151 million as compared with the end of the previous year,
accounting for 41.75% of total loans, representing an increase of 1.24 percentage points as compared with
the end of the previous year.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total corporate NPLs (including discounted bills) of the Group
amounted to RMB38,585 million, representing an increase of RMB10,302 million, as compared with the
end of the previous year and the NPL ratio was 1.72%, representing an increase of 0.36 percentage points,
as compared with the end of the previous year. Total personal NPLs amounted to RMB31,464 million,
representing an increase of RMB5,313 million, as compared with the end of the previous year and the NPL
ratio was 1.96%, representing an increase of 0.11 percentage points, as compared with the end of the
previous year.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2020      47


                                DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                31 December 2020                           31 December 2019
                                        Total     % of      Total       NPL        Total     % of      Total        NPL
 Item (RMB million)                    loans      total     NPLs    ratio (%)     loans      total     NPLs    ratio (%)

 Corporate loans and advances       2,244,856     58.25    38,585       1.72 2,074,677      59.49     28,283      1.36
 Of which: Discounted bills           227,859      5.91      977        0.43    166,372       4.77       555      0.33
 Personal loans and advances        1,609,075     41.75    31,464       1.96 1,412,924      40.51     26,151      1.85
 Of which: Loans to small and
            micro enterprises        523,799      13.59    14,532       2.77    455,358     13.06     13,664      3.00
           Credit card overdrafts    462,309      12.00    15,180       3.28    445,881     12.78     11,057      2.48
           Residential mortgage      515,296      13.37     1,108       0.22    419,907     12.04        881      0.21
           Others                     107,671      2.79      644        0.60     91,778       2.63       549      0.60

 Total                              3,853,931    100.00    70,049       1.82 3,487,601     100.00     54,434      1.56


(III) Loan distribution by industries
    The Group closely followed the government’s various macro, industrial, and regional policy guidelines,
actively implemented various regulatory requirements including macro and prudent management, and firmly
served the real economy. It continued to optimise the structure of credit assets with focus on national
advanced manufacturing, strategic emerging industries and infrastructure construction projects. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, loans of the Group were mainly concentrated on leasing and commercial
services, manufacturing, and real estate. Of which, total loans to leasing and commercial services amounted
to RMB485,982 million, representing an increase of RMB43,099 million as compared with the end of the
previous year. Total loans to manufacturing amounted to RMB300,323 million, representing an increase of
RMB16,268 million, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans to real estate amounted
to RMB439,032 million, representing a decrease of RMB37,167 million as compared with the end of the
previous year, and its proportion of total loans declined by 2.27 percentage points, as compared with the end
of the previous year.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the NPLs of the Group were mainly concentrated on the
manufacturing and mining industries. Total NPLs of the two major industries totalled RMB18,938 million,
representing 27.04% of total NPLs. Total NPLs of the manufacturing and mining industries decreased
by RMB2,005 million and increased by RMB4,982 million, respectively, as compared with the end of the
previous year. The NPL ratios decreased by 0.90 percentage points and increased by 4.96 percentage
points, respectively, as compared with the end of the previous year. In terms of NPL ratio, affected by the
macroeconomic changes and the pandemic, the loans of certain corporate customers were downgraded to
NPL, and the NPL ratios of industries such as mining, transportation, storage and postal service, wholesale
and retail increased as compared with the end of the previous year.
48       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                   31 December 2020                              31 December 2019
                                           Total     % of       Total       NPL          Total     % of       Total          NPL
 Item (RMB million)                       loans      total      NPLs    ratio (%)       loans      total      NPLs      ratio (%)

 Corporate loans and advances
 Leasing and commercial services        485,982      12.61      3,034       0.62     442,883      12.70       2,877        0.65
 Real estate                            439,032      11.39      3,040       0.69     476,199      13.66       1,325        0.28
 Manufacturing                          300,323       7.79     10,246       3.41     284,055       8.14      12,251        4.31
 Financial services                     204,644       5.31       515        0.25     138,039       3.96        555         0.40
 Wholesale and retail                   170,477       4.42      6,036       3.54     177,685       5.09       3,757        2.11
 Water, environment and
  public utilities management           149,509       3.88        73        0.05     122,282       3.51             3         ─
 Construction                           108,440       2.81      1,316       1.21     106,783       3.06       1,077        1.01
 Transportation, storage and
   postal service                        107,441      2.79      4,411       4.11      77,031       2.21       1,066        1.38
 Mining                                 104,329       2.71      8,692       8.33     110,152       3.16       3,710        3.37
 Production and supply of electric
   power, heat, gas and water            69,354       1.80       363        0.52      55,151       1.58        664         1.20
 Accommodation and catering              15,863       0.41       236        1.49      11,858       0.34        222         1.87
 Agriculture, forestry, animal
   husbandry and fishery                 12,769       0.33       180        1.41      10,225       0.29        495         4.84
 Public administration, social
   security and social organisations      6,840       0.18         ─          ─        8,376       0.24          ─            ─
 Others                                  69,853       1.82       443        0.63      53,958       1.55        281         0.52

 Subtotal                              2,244,856     58.25    38,585        1.72    2,074,677     59.49      28,283        1.36

 Personal loans and advances           1,609,075     41.75    31,464        1.96    1,412,924     40.51      26,151        1.85

 Total                                 3,853,931    100.00    70,049        1.82    3,487,601    100.00      54,434        1.56


(IV) Loan distribution by geographical regions
    In accordance with the national macro policy, regulatory guidance requirements and policy changes, the
Group implemented the government’s coordinated regional development strategy, actively supported the
development of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei
region and other national key strategic regions, adopted differentiated risk monitoring and management,
dynamically adjusted business authorisations, and firmly guarded against regional systemic risks. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, total loans of the Group to the Yangtze River Delta, Bohai Rim and
Western China ranked top three, being RMB928,337 million, RMB618,101 million and RMB570,998 million,
respectively, accounting for 24.09%, 16.04% and 14.81%, respectively.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020         49


                              DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the NPLs of the Group were mainly concentrated on the Head
Office, Central China, and Bohai Rim, the total NPLs of which amounted to RMB20,796 million, RMB12,455
million, and RMB10,009 million, respectively, accounting for 61.76% of total NPLs. In terms of the increase
of NPLs, the Head Office had the highest increased amount of RMB5,167 million, as compared with the end
of the previous year, and the NPL ratio increased by 0.50 percentage points, mainly due to the rapid exposure
of credit card risks. The Yangtze River Delta had the second highest increased amount of RMB4,605 million,
and the NPL ratio increased by 0.44 percentage points, mainly due to the downgrading of certain individual
customers in the region.

                                             31 December 2020                                   31 December 2019
                                   Total        % of        Total         NPL          Total       % of        Total          NPL
 Item (RMB million)               loans         total       NPLs      ratio (%)       loans        total       NPLs      ratio (%)

 Head Office                    548,060        14.22       20,796         3.79     474,512        13.61       15,629         3.29
 Yangtze River Delta            928,337        24.09        9,220         0.99     841,123        24.12        4,615         0.55
 Pearl River Delta              523,433        13.58        5,264         1.01     465,618        13.35        4,068         0.87
 Bohai Rim                      618,101        16.04       10,009         1.62     564,343        16.18        6,539         1.16
 Northeast China                 90,034         2.34        2,428         2.70      89,488         2.57        4,233         4.73
 Central China                  481,042        12.48       12,455         2.59     451,441        12.94       13,466         2.98
 Western China                  570,998        14.81        9,122         1.60     519,713        14.90        4,724         0.91
 Overseas and subsidiaries       93,926         2.44          755         0.80      81,363         2.33        1,160         1.43

 Total                        3,853,931       100.00       70,049         1.82    3,487,601      100.00       54,434         1.56


Note:    For details of the geographical distribution of institutions of the Group, please refer to Note 4 “Segment information” to
         the financial statements.


(V) Loan distribution by types of collateral
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the loan collateral structure of the Group continued to be
optimised. Total secured loans amounted to RMB2,244,736 million, representing an increase of RMB182,962
million as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 58.25% of total loans, representing a
decrease of 0.87 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total unsecured loans
amounted to RMB947,468 million, representing an increase of RMB154,104 million as compared with the
end of the previous year, accounting for 24.58% of total loans, representing an increase of 1.83 percentage
points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total guaranteed loans amounted to RMB661,727
million, representing an increase of RMB29,264 million as compared with the end of the previous year,
accounting for 17.17% of total loans, representing a decrease of 0.96 percentage points as compared with
the end of the previous year.
50       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



                                                 31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                              Amount        % of total         Amount        % of total

 Unsecured loans                                  947,468           24.58         793,364            22.75
 Guaranteed loans                                661,727            17.17         632,463            18.13
 Loans secured by                              2,244,736            58.25       2,061,774            59.12
 Of which: Tangible assets other
            than monetary assets               1,686,307            43.76       1,555,472            44.60
              Monetary assets                    558,429            14.49         506,302            14.52

 Total                                         3,853,931           100.00       3,487,601           100.00


(VI) Top ten loan customers
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aggregate amount of total loans to the top ten loan customers
of the Group were RMB68,846 million, accounting for 1.79% of total loans and advances to customers. The
top ten loan customers were as follows:

                                                                                                % of total
 Item (RMB million)                                                           Amount                loans

 Customer A                                                                     11,500                0.30
 Customer B                                                                      9,200                0.24
 Customer C                                                                      7,948                0.21
 Customer D                                                                      7,514                0.19
 Customer E                                                                      6,617                0.17
 Customer F                                                                      6,420                0.17
 Customer G                                                                      5,013                0.13
 Customer H                                                                      5,005                0.13
 Customer I                                                                      4,894                0.13
 Customer J                                                                      4,735                0.12


(VII) Restructured loans and overdue loans
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total restructured loans of the Group amounted to RMB18,729
million, representing an increase of RMB1,869 million as compared with the end of the previous year. The
percentage of restructured loans to total loans and advances to customers was 0.49%, representing an
increase of 0.01 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year. Total overdue loans
amounted to RMB78,088 million, representing an increase of RMB7,541 million as compared with the end
of the previous year. The percentage of overdue loans to total loans and advances to customers was 2.03%,
representing an increase of 0.01 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020       51


                              DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



 Item (RMB million)                                        31 December 2020                        31 December 2019
                                                           Amount            % of total             Amount         % of total

 Restructured loans                                          18,729                 0.49             16,860               0.48
 Overdue loans                                               78,088                 2.03             70,547               2.02


Notes:

1.   Restructured loans (full name: loans after restructuring) are loans of which the terms of repayment under the loan agreement
     have been amended by the Bank as a result of deteriorated financial status of the borrower or inability of the borrower to
     repay the debt due.

2.   Overdue loans are loans of which the repayment of principal or interest is overdue for one or more days.


(VIII) Repossessed assets
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                                                             2020                   2019

 Repossessed assets                                                                               6,180                 9,978
 Of which: Real estate and land use right                                                         5,940                 7,191
              Motor vehicles                                                                          40                    13
              Others                                                                                 200                2,774
 Allowance for impairment                                                                            131                   112


(IX) Changes in allowance for impairment losses on loans
                                                                                         31 December            31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                                                             2020                   2019

 Opening balance                                                                                 84,647                72,208
 Charge for the period, net                                                                      76,990                60,850
 Write-offs and transfer out during the period                                                   -67,110              -50,930
 Recoveries                                                                                       4,388                 3,618
 Others                                                                                           -1,278                -1,099

 Ending balance                                                                                  97,637                84,647


     Method for assessing allowance for impairment losses on loans:


    According to the International Financial Reporting Standards No. 9 – Financial instrument (IFRS 9) and
the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Instruments (Cai Kuai [2017] No.7) (  《企業會計準則第22號––金融工具確認和計量》 (財會[2017]7號)) issued
by the Ministry of Finance, the Bank adopted the new accounting standards for financial instruments and
used the expected credit loss model to calculate the allowance for impairment losses. According to the
new accounting standards for financial instruments, for retail loans and non-retail loans in phase 1 and
52     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



phase 2, the allowance for impairment losses is provided based on risk parameters such as probability of
default (PD), and loss given default (LGD) estimated by the internal rating system. For non-retail loans in
phase 3, the allowance for impairment losses is provided based on the expected recovery of cash flow for
each single loan. Since the adoption of the new standards, the Bank continued to monitor and optimise the
expected credit loss model and kept strengthening risk prediction capabilities. The provision of allowance
for impairment losses on loans of the Bank was more forward-looking and the management of allowance for
impairment losses of the Bank was further refined.


VII. Analysis of Capital Adequacy Ratio
(I) Capital adequacy ratio
    The Group calculated its capital adequacy ratio in accordance with the Capital Rules for Commercial
Banks (Provisional) (《商業銀行資本管理辦法（試行)》                 ) (the “New Rules”) and other relevant regulatory
provisions. The calculation of capital adequacy ratio covers the Bank and the financial institutions directly
or indirectly invested by the Bank in accordance with the requirements of the New Rules. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy ratio and capital
adequacy ratio of the Group satisfied the requirements of the New Rules. Among the investees in which the
Group holds a majority equity interest or control, there are two rural banks with regulatory capital shortfall of
RMB92 million in aggregate.


     The table below sets out the capital adequacy ratio of the Group:

                                                   31 December 2020                   31 December 2019
 Item (RMB million)                             The Group          The Bank        The Group          The Bank

 Net core tier-one capital                          461,921          437,830          455,088          432,933
 Net tier-one capital                               532,348          507,682          525,959          502,785
 Total net capital base                             707,472          678,609          673,741          646,424
 Core tier-one capital                              466,960          450,670          456,565          440,788
 Core tier-one capital deductions                    -5,039          -12,840            -1,477           -7,855
 Other tier-one capital                              70,831           69,860           70,871           69,860
 Other tier-one capital deductions                     -404                 -8              ─                -8
 Tier-two capital                                   175,124          170,935          147,782          143,652
 Tier-Two capital deductions                              ─                 -8              ─               -13
 Total risk-weighted assets                       5,425,856        5,136,410        5,117,026        4,871,884
 Of which: Credit risk-weighted assets            5,019,411        4,738,017        4,733,503        4,487,939
            Market risk-weighted assets              93,101           89,277           88,596          100,022
            Operational risk-weighted
             assets                                 313,344          309,116          294,927          283,923
 Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)              8.51               8.52            8.89             8.89
 Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                   9.81               9.88          10.28            10.32
 Capital adequacy ratio (%)                           13.04              13.21          13.17            13.27
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     53


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



      Capital instruments entitled for the preferential policy during the transitional period: According to the
applicable requirements under the New Rules, non-qualified tier-two capital instruments issued by commercial
banks before 12 September 2010 may be entitled to preferential policy of a progressive deduction of book
value by 10% per annum starting from 1 January 2013. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance
of non-qualified tier-two capital instruments of the Bank which can be put into the calculation was RMB4.0
billion.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, net tier-one capital of the Group decreased by RMB7,593 million,
on- and off-balance sheet assets after adjustment decreased by RMB184,819 million, while the leverage ratio
increased by 0.07 percentage points as compared with the end of September 2020. The leverage ratio of the
Group is as follows:

                                             31 December     30 September           30 June         31 March
 Item (RMB million)                                 2020             2020              2020             2020

 Leverage ratio (%)                                   6.93             6.86             6.50              6.81
 Net tier-one capital                              532,348         539,941          534,026          544,650
 On- and off-balance sheet assets after
  adjustment                                     7,684,206        7,869,025       8,211,267        7,996,624


   For details of the regulatory capital, please refer to the section headed “Investors Relations –
Announcements and Disclosures – Regulatory Capital” on the Bank’s website (www.cmbc.com.cn).


(II) Evaluation of internal capital adequacy ratio
     According to the requirements of the New Rules, the Bank initiated the establishment of a system for
evaluating internal capital adequacy ratio, established a relatively comprehensive evaluation procedures
and governance structure of internal capital adequacy ratio, and formulated related policies and systems of
internal capital adequacy. The Bank also formulated and issued the Administrative Measure on the Evaluation
Procedures of Internal Capital Adequacy Ratio of China Minsheng Bank (   《中國民生銀行內部資本充足評估程序管
理辦法》    ), which specified the responsibilities of the Board, the Senior Management and related departments
in the evaluation procedures of internal capital adequacy ratio. Through continuous establishment and
improvement of effective evaluation measures and management procedures, the comprehensiveness and
efficiency of the capital management and risk management of the Bank have been ensured.


(III) Capital plan and capital adequacy ratio management plan
    To cope with the complicated economic and financial situation of domestic and international markets,
as well as to conform to the deepening financial reform and further enhance its capital management to take
advantage of the leading role of capital and to facilitate sustainable and healthy business growth, the Bank
formulated 2021–2023 Capital Management Plan of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (        《中國民生銀行股
份有限公司2021–2023年資本管理規劃》                ) (hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”) in accordance with regulatory
requirements and development strategy and business plan, which was considered and approved by the
Board. In formulating the Plan, the Bank considered factors including domestic and foreign economic and
54       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



financial situations, capital regulatory trends and continuous promotion of strategic transformation, and the
targets for capital management was clarified in the Plan. Adhering to the principle of creating values for its
shareholders and the society and on the basis of capital management, the Bank shall enhance its capital
budget and allocation management, and strengthen the capital appraisal and constraints, so as to support
business development with high quality and efficiency as well as improve the capital utilisation efficiency.
In addition, the Bank shall further improve its evaluation system for internal capital adequacy and capital
contingency plan so as to further improve capital management.

(IV) Credit risk exposure
    The following table sets forth the exposure to credit risk of the Group measured according to the New
Rules.

                                                                          31 December          31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                                              2020                 2019

 On-balance sheet credit risk exposure                                        6,846,439           6,516,703
 Of which: asset-backed securitisation risk exposure                            304,232             246,051
 Off-balance sheet credit risk exposure                                          717,676            931,572
 Counterparty credit risk exposure                                               26,861              40,023

 Total                                                                         7,590,976          7,488,298


(V) Market risk capital requirements
    The Group adopted standardised approach to measure market risk capital requirements. The following
table sets forth capital requirements for different types of market risk of the Group as at the end of the
Reporting Period.

                                                                          31 December          31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                                              2020                 2019

 Interest rate risk                                                                4,227               5,697
 Stock risk                                                                        1,163                977
 Exchange risk                                                                     1,937                327
 Commodity risk                                                                       68                  79
 Option risk                                                                           7                   8
 Specific risk of asset-backed securitisation risk exposure in the
   trading books                                                                      46                  ─

 Total                                                                             7,448               7,088


(VI) Operational risk capital requirements
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the operational risk capital requirements of the Group measured
according to basic indicator approach was RMB25,068 million.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020    55


                            DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



VIII. Liquidity Indicators
(I) Liquidity coverage ratio
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the liquidity coverage ratio of the Group disclosed in accordance
with the “Rules for Disclosure of Liquidity Coverage Ratio for Commercial Banks (《商業銀行流動性覆蓋率信息
披露辦法》     ) is as follows:

                                                                         31 December         31 December
 Item (RMB million)                                                             2020                2019

 Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                   128.37              133.66
 Qualified current assets                                                      959,398            976,679
 Net cash outflow in 30 days                                                   747,370            730,722



(II) Net stable funding ratio
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the net stable funding ratio of the Group disclosed in accordance
with the Rules for Disclosure of Net Stable Funding Ratio for Commercial Banks ( 《商業銀行淨穩定資金比例信
息披露辦法》      ) is as follows:

                                                     31 December         30 September             30 June
 Item (RMB million)                                         2020                 2020                2020

 Net stable funding ratio (%)                               104.57              103.76              104.08
 Stable funding available                                3,750,279           3,920,629          4,017,962
 Stable funding required                                 3,586,301           3,778,573          3,860,463
56       China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



IX. Segment Report
    The business segments of the Group are categorised as corporate banking, retail banking and others
for the purposes of management, reporting and evaluation. The geographical segments are categorised
into eight including the Head Office, Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Bohai Rim, Northeastern China,
Central China, Western China, and overseas and subsidiaries for the purposes of management, reporting and
evaluation.


(I) Segment operating results by business line
                                                       Total assets
                                                         (excluding
                                                           deferred
                                                        income tax          Operating        Profit before
 Item (RMB million)                                          assets)          income          income tax

 Corporate banking                                       4,724,060             101,956             22,361
 Retail banking                                          1,596,277              71,133             21,805
 Others                                                    579,863               8,718              -7,460

 Total                                                   6,900,200             181,807             36,706



(II) Segment operating results by geographical region
                                                       Total assets
                                                         (excluding
                                                           deferred
                                                        income tax          Operating        Profit before
 Item (RMB million)                                          assets)          income          income tax

 Head Office                                             3,268,512              65,355               8,516
 Yangtze River Delta                                     1,231,814              28,566             12,330
 Pearl River Delta                                         623,945              19,721               9,339
 Bohai Rim                                               1,172,780              22,501               3,152
 Northeastern China                                        141,960               2,701                -190
 Central China                                             478,232              15,533              -1,756
 Western China                                             570,617              18,363                 936
 Overseas and subsidiaries                                 377,884               9,067               4,379
 Inter-region adjustment                                  -965,544                  ─                   ─

 Total                                                   6,900,200             181,807             36,706
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020     57


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



X. Other Financial Information
(I) Items relating to fair value measurement
1. Internal control system relating to fair value measurement
     In order to regulate fair value measurement, improve the quality of financial information, strengthen risk
control and protect the legitimate interests of investors and all relevant parties, the Bank has formulated
the Administrative Measures Regarding Fair Value (      《公允價值管理辦法》           ) based on the Accounting Standards
for Business Enterprises ( 《企業會計準則》         ), which expanded the scope of fair value measurement to cover
certain financial assets and financial liabilities; clarified and refined the principles, methods and procedures
for determining fair value. With the aim to enhance the rationality and reliability of the valuation of fair value,
the Bank has assigned specific working responsibilities to relevant managing departments for fair value
management so as to continuously strengthen research on the valuation of its asset and liability businesses
and improve internal valuation capabilities. The Bank will also gradually optimise the valuation models and
systems, improve the valuation capabilities of derivative financial instruments, and strengthen the verification
of prices obtained externally. Moreover, the Bank had implemented corresponding internal control measures
over the fair value measurement process, including double-checking on price enquiry and confirmation,
and adopting an evaluation procedure on fair value measurement which requires the person in charge and
reviewer to sign off in order to give effect to the measurement. Furthermore, by supervising and checking
the range determined and measurement methodology and procedures of fair value, the internal audit
departments improved internal control within the Bank.


    The Bank has adopted new accounting standards including IFRS 9 — Financial Instruments, and
Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 — Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Instruments, Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 23 — Transfer of Financial Assets and
Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 24 — Hedge Accounting promulgated by the Ministry
of Finance. During the Reporting Period, the SPPI test and product classification, valuation and impairment
assessment of financial instruments were completed. Fair value measurement have been conducted in
accordance with the new accounting standards.


2. Financial instruments measured at fair value
    The Bank’s financial instruments measured at fair value include: financial assets/liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, derivative financial instruments, and financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income. In particular, the valuation methods of bond investment were listed as follows:
for RMB bonds, in principle the valuation provided by China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd. would
apply; for bonds denominated in foreign currencies, market value was determined through a combination of
Bloomberg quotes and enquiries. The valuation of derivative financial instruments was obtained from quotes
in the open market and model valuation. In particular, the valuation of derivative financial instruments in
which customers are interested was obtained from market enquiries and the valuation of foreign exchange
option was obtained from system model valuation. Derivative financial instruments mainly consisted of
interest rate swaps in which customers have interests and proprietary instruments in which market risks
had been basically hedged, including interest rate swaps as well as forwards, swaps and options of precious
metals and foreign exchanges.
58     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(II) Overdue and outstanding liabilities
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had no material outstanding liabilities that were
overdue.

(III) Cash flow
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net cash flow from operating activities amounted to RMB-
82,402 million, and the net outflow decreased by RMB2,525 million as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year, mainly due to the changes in cash flows from deposits from customers, held-
for-trading investments, borrowings from central bank, deposits and placements from banks and other
financial institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. Net cash flow from investing
activities amounted to RMB7,575 million, and net inflow increased by RMB74,666 million as compared with
the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the decease in cash paid for investment. Net
cash flow from financing activities amounted to RMB92,050 million, and net inflow decreased by RMB65,638
million as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in cash
paid on maturity of financial bonds and interbank negotiable certificates of deposit.

 Item (RMB million)                                                      2020         2019                 Change

 Net cash flow from operating activities                              -82,402      -84,927     Decreased by 2,525
 Of which: Net cash flow from deposits from customers                 124,086      436,796 Decreased by 312,710
           Net cash flow from financial assets held for trading
            purposes                                                  115,683      -72,461    Increased by 188,144
           Net cash flow from borrowings from central bank             92,085     -103,051    Increased by 195,136
           Net cash flow from deposits and placements from banks
            and other financial institutions and financial assets
            sold under repurchase agreements                         -129,075       84,768 Decreased by 213,843
           Net cash flow from loans and advances to customers        -431,147     -486,081    Decreased by 54,934
 Net cash flow from investing activities                                7,575      -67,091     Increased by 74,666
 Of which: Cash inflow from sales and redemption of investments
            and investment income                                   1,288,984    1,315,602    Decreased by 26,618
           Cash outflow from payment for investments                -1,276,243   -1,374,973   Decreased by 98,730
 Net cash flows from financing activities                              92,050      157,688    Decreased by 65,638
 Of which: Cash inflow from issuance of debt securities and other
            equity instruments                                      1,040,440      995,401     Increased by 45,039
           Cash outflow from repayment of debt securities issued     -914,743     -805,232    Increased by 109,511
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     59


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION




XI. Performance of Key Business Lines
(I) Deposits and loans
    Facing the severe impact of COVID-19 pandemic on China’s economic and social development, the Bank
was committed to implementing the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee and the State
Council to fight against the pandemic by supporting the resumption of work and production and reducing
fees and surcharges. The Bank intensively introduced a series of innovative concepts, reforms and measures
to optimise the asset and liability structure and strengthen the foundation for reform and development, which
enabled the Bank to fight the pandemic and manage the businesses simultaneously. All lines of business
were carried out steadily with good momentum.


1. Deposit business
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total deposits of the Bank amounted to RMB3,697,260 million,
representing an increase of RMB122,282 million, or 3.42%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. In particular, the balance of structural deposits dropped sharply by RMB328,507 million, achieving
a desirable situation of stable growth of total deposits, continuous optimisation of deposit structure
and effective reduction of cost ratio of deposits. The Bank adhered to the customer-centric philosophy,
accelerated product and service innovation in transaction banking, supply chain finance, small business
finance and other fields, strengthened technology empowerment and promoted the growth of low-cost
basic liability business. Firstly, the scale of institutional deposits was expanded. The Bank strengthened
the chain development of special local government bonds, accelerated the construction of local financing
platforms and strengthened the treasury cash management. Secondly, corporate settlement and cash
management were deepened. The Bank focused on quality customers and actively promoted inter-bank
cash management. It accelerated the scenario-oriented financial transformation and innovation based on
transaction process and improved cash management products such as “Express (通)”, “Pool (聚)”, and
“Earnings (盈)”. The Bank focused on customers’ capital chains, industry chains and management service
chains and utilised the supply chain finance model to facilitate the chain development of settlement deposits.
Thirdly, savings deposits were expanded. Savings deposits were effectively increased through products
such as payroll agency, third-party custodian, cash sweep, credit card repayments and agency payment,
etc. Fourthly, settlement deposits of small business customers were further developed. On the basis of
merchant acceptance scenario, industry application scenario and key market scenario, the Bank improved
the cooperation with the third-party platforms and adopted the “scenario+settlement+wealth+credit”
approach to increase settlement deposits of small and micro customers. Fifthly, the Bank steadily expanded
deposits by promoting efficient coordination, enhancing synergy between businesses, such as bond
underwriting and custody, as well as acquiring deposits from cross-border business.


2. Loan business
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, total loans of the Bank amounted to RMB3,833,130 million,
representing an increase of RMB363,979 million, or 10.49%, as compared with the end of the previous
year. The Bank increased credit granting and continuously optimised the credit structure. Firstly, the Bank
encouraged credit facilities to key aspects and areas of weakness including small and micro enterprises,
60    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



manufacturing industry and enterprises engaged in pandemic prevention and control, etc., and strictly
complied with the macro-prudential management requirements for the real estate industry. As at the end of
the Reporting Period, total inclusive small business loans amounted to RMB452,762 million, representing an
increase of RMB48,527 million, or 12.00%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans to the
manufacturing industry amounted to RMB298,457 million, representing an increase of RMB16,183 million,
or 5.73%, as compared with the end of the previous year. Total loans to real estate industry amounted to
RMB438,959 million, representing a decrease of RMB37,197 million, and its proportion in total loans also
decreased by 2.27 percentage points, as compared with the end of the previous year. Secondly, the Bank
implemented the national strategy to promote coordinated regional development, and actively supported
national key strategic regions such as Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River Delta,
Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and Chengdu-Chongqing region. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the four
key regions accounted for 68.70% of total new loans. Thirdly, the Bank actively responded to the call for
financial institutions to benefit the real economy and further alleviated the burden on enterprises by cutting
loan interest rates and reducing and exempting fees and surcharges on intermediary business.


(II) Corporate banking business
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank proactively responded to new changes and challenges in the
market and regulatory environment, adhered to the customer group-based operation and the customer-
centric philosophy, and persisted on chain development, technology integration, comprehensive services
and successful solutions, and facilitated the transformation from an extensive style to a capital-saving
business model. As a result, the corporate banking business was continuously expanded with enhancing
competitiveness.


    During the Reporting Period, the Bank’s customer group-based business philosophy has taken root, and
the operation model adapted to various customer groups has been continuously optimised. The customer-
centric and customer group-based sales model has been gradually improved, and customer service
capability continued to improve. The product system adapted to the classified customer groups has become
increasingly perfect, and continuous product innovation, upgrading and optimisation have been carried out
to better meet customer needs. Led by the Bank’s “fintech” strategy, the business system was reshaped
by technology empowerment and an intelligent corporate banking business was formed, playing a more and
more important role in facilitating business development.


1. Corporate customers
    By persisting on its “customer-centric” philosophy, the Bank refined the segmented and classified
customer service system, innovated customer service models, and provided integrated, intelligent and
one-stop services to its customers, continuously improving customers’ experiences. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, domestic corporate customers with outstanding deposits of the Bank increased by 90.7
thousand, or 6.99%, to 1,388.1 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of
domestic corporate customers with outstanding general loan balances of the Bank increased by 7.53% to
9,706, as compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020     61


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    Accelerated development of strategic NSOEs. In accordance with the overall deployments of the 14th
Five-Year Plan and focusing on the “customer-centric” strategy, the Bank improved marketing management
of customer groups and continuously enhanced comprehensive service capabilities to satisfy the
comprehensive and personalised demands of strategic customer groups. In respect of service models, the
Bank enhanced the experience of strategic customers by continuously improving professional services and
innovating service methods. In respect of management mechanism, it provided strategic customer groups
with exclusive service teams with cross-business coordination, customised comprehensive service plans
for each customer, and provided integrated services among the Head Office, branches and sub-branches. In
respect of resource allocation, it integrated resources inside and outside the Bank and implemented targeted
policies to improve efficiency of resources distribution and optimise the resources allocation mechanism for
strategic customers. During the Reporting Period, the Bank’s daily average deposits of strategic NSOEs was
RMB504,499 million, representing an increase of 40.20% as compared with the previous year. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, total loans was RMB528,086 million, representing an increase of 20.99%, as
compared with the end of the previous year.


    Established “Minsheng SME Project ( 中小企業民生工程)”. The Bank adhered to “customer-
centric” philosophy in its financial services to SMEs and upheld the operating philosophy of “progressive
development, comprehensive services, customer cultivation, long-term development (遞進開發、綜合服
務、客戶培育、長期發展)”. Through the four major projects of “Joint Hands, Rooting, Win-Win, and Sparks
(攜手、生根、共贏、螢火)”, it provided customised services to SMEs of different types and at different
stages to promote long-term cooperation and achieve win-win development. Facing the pandemic, the Bank
took approaches such as taking a series of supporting measures, carrying out customer care activities and
innovating services to fully support the stable development of SMEs during the year.


2. Principle business
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank strengthened the development of its settlement business platform
and enhanced the chain development of strategic customers, key institutional customers and core customers
of supply chains. It also stepped up its efforts for the batch acquisition of SME customers and the settlement
services for the customer groups of its assets business in order to comprehensively increase the contribution
of corporate customer groups to general deposits. The Bank actively improved liability structure in line with
liquidity and interest rate trends to sustain continuous and steady growth of general corporate deposits. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, total corporate deposits of the Bank amounted to RMB2,945,302 million,
representing an increase of RMB83,429 million, or 2.92%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
During the Reporting Period, in active response to national financial and industrial policies, the Bank (1) swiftly
echoed key national strategies by stepping up its support for key regions such as the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
Macau Greater Bay Area, the Yangtze River Delta and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, “One Belt One Road”
and free trade zones; (2) increased investments in both traditional infrastructure, such as urban infrastructure
and public services, and new infrastructure areas, such as 5G, ultra-high voltage, AI and industrial Internet; (3)
continuously advanced the NSOE strategy by giving stronger support to NSOEs, especially those engaged in
fighting against the pandemic and promoting the resumption of work and production; (4) actively supported
the quality development of manufacturing industry by increasing credit facilities to sectors in relation to
advanced manufacturing, strategic and emerging industries and transformation and upgrading of traditional
industries, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total corporate loans of the Bank amounted to
RMB2,240,938 million. The NPL ratio of corporate loans was 1.72%.
62    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



3. Institutional business
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank increased its local government debt investments to support
local economic and social development, accelerated chain marketing of special local government debts and
strengthened support for special projects of local governments in relation to fight against the pandemic
and construction of infrastructure. The Bank vigorously developed the platforms for institutional business,
improved comprehensive services for customer groups including government, finance, public resource
exchanges, housing provident funds, culture and tourism, hospitals and schools, etc., and adopted
differentiated management of institutional customer groups, leading to rapid and stable development
of institutional business. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of the Bank’s institutional
customers was 26.3 thousand, representing an increase of 10.97% as compared with the end of the previous
year. During the Reporting Period, the Bank’s daily average institutional deposits was RMB780,697 million,
representing an increase of RMB142,102 million, or 22.25%, as compared with the previous year.


4. Investment banking
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank improved customer group-based operation, leveraged on the light-
capital strength of its investment banking business, and focused on key products, key customers, and key
regions, achieving continuous and steady development of investment banking business and establishing a
good image in the market for its professionalism while facilitating the development of enterprises through
comprehensive and customised investment banking services.


    In respect of capital market business, the Bank resolutely responded to the call of government and
implemented national strategies by focusing on key customers and key regions. Through merger and
acquisition and syndicated loan products, the Bank put great efforts in supporting pandemic prevention
and control, and facilitating the transformation and upgrading of manufacturing industry, the optimisation
and restructuring of NSOEs as well as the reform of state-owned enterprises (SOEs). At the same time, it
strove to optimise the asset structure and asset quality of M&A business. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, total M&A loans and M&A syndicated loans of the Bank amounted to RMB146,481 million. During the
Reporting Period, the Bank completed a series of major M&A projects with high market influences, which
further enhanced its brand image of the investment banking business.


    In respect of bond underwriting business, the Bank achieved a steady increase in the scale of bond
underwriting through process optimisation and refined management. During the Reporting Period, the
Bank underwrote bonds of RMB397,015 million in the inter-bank bond market for 386 enterprises, ranking
tenth among all leading underwriters of non-financial corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank
bond market. During the Reporting Period, by product exploration and business model innovation, the Bank
actively supported the national pandemic prevention and control and successfully helped 12 enterprises
issue pandemic prevention and control bonds of RMB3.7 billion, including the first credit risk mitigation
warrants (CRMW) of NSOEs bond financing for pandemic prevention and control in the market and the first
special debt financing instrument for stabilising development and promoting consumption in China, and the
underwriting of the first pandemic prevention and control bond for the national supply and marketing system.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     63


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     In respect of the asset securitisation business, the Bank actively promoted the corporate asset
securitisation investment business in response to the business needs of customers including cost reduction,
leverage ratio optimisation and asset transfer. During the Reporting Period, the Bank recorded an increase
in investment of RMB126,753 million on corporate asset securitisation. The Bank continuously strengthened
product innovation. During the Reporting Period, the Bank successfully completed 9 asset securitisation
projects including the NSOE LPR-ABN, which were all the first of its kind in China, with a total scale of
RMB12.4 billion.


5. Transaction banking
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank upheld the development strategy of “exploring scenarios, enriching
product offerings, facilitating customers and improving experience” in its transaction banking business.
With continuously improved products and enhanced service capabilities, the Bank vigorously enhanced the
convenience of business, and provided customers with intelligent, convenient and comprehensive financial
service solutions to support the development of real economy.

    The Bank refined cash management product system according to the settlement needs of corporate
customers. During the Reporting Period, the Bank paid more attention to the business process of customers
and formulated service optimisation plans for corporate accounts to improve customer services throughout
the whole service chain from the starting point. The Bank responded to the cash management needs of
group customers and vigorously promoted inter-bank cash management solutions to facilitate more efficient
and more comprehensive funds management for enterprises. The Bank improved the scenario-based
settlement products such as Housing Management Express (房管通), Tender Express (招標通), Purchase and
Sales Express (購銷通), C&B Express (薪福通), Agreement-based Transaction Fund Supervision (交易資金協
議監管) and Order Cashier (訂單收銀台), and introduced a new intelligent pricing model for corporate account
overdraft to flexibly meet the financing needs of entities and help customers fight the pandemic and resume
production. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total deposits from settlement and cash management of
the Bank amounted to RMB1,326,521 million, representing an increase of RMB294,047 million, or 28.48%,
as compared with the end of the previous year.

     The Bank improved the convenience of services according to the financial needs of cross-border
customers. During the Reporting Period, the Bank introduced “single window” financial products,
successfully launched pilot projects of cross-border e-commerce and the cross-border fund pool, which
further diversified services methods. The Bank provided all-round and customised cross-border financial
services to satisfy customers’ differentiated financial needs in the course of pandemic under different
scenarios, including international trade and overseas project contracting. Procedures of cross-border corporate
remittance and settlement and sales of foreign currencies were optimised for better customer experience. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, total corporate foreign currency deposits amounted to USD27,818 million,
representing an increase of USD11,892 million, or 74.67%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
Total corporate foreign currency loans amounted to USD21,397 million, representing an increase of USD4,865
million, or 29.43%, as compared with the end of the previous year. The Bank expanded its secured financing
scenarios and improved service capabilities for trade finance. During the Reporting Period, the Bank further
developed non-financing guarantees by matching product solutions to the guarantee needs of customers of
various industries under different scenarios. It continued to enrich scenarios and introduced corresponding
settlement products and solutions, greatly enhancing the competitiveness of e-letters of guarantee. During
the Reporting Period, the Bank had 5,046 e-letter of guarantee transactions, representing an increase of
64    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



2,885 transactions, or 133.50% as compared with the previous year, and accounting for 40.61% of the total
number of letters of guarantee. The Bank provided in-depth services to the big infrastructure sector covering
public services, railway transportation, communication and other sectors in relation to the well-being of the
general public. With the pilot program for discounted supply chain bills, the Bank facilitated the launching of
standardised bills, and improved service efficiency with online and automatic products such as self-service
discounting and Bill Finance e（票融e).


    The Bank continued to upgrade digital financial services by further upgrading online products. During
the Reporting Period, focusing on customers’ needs, the Bank continued to integrate existing products,
channels and services and achieved the comprehensive online upgrading of trade finance products to provide
customers with more convenient payment and settlement and financing services.


6. Supply chain finance
     During the Reporting Period, the supply chain finance business of the Bank supported customers in
fighting against the pandemic and helped them resume work and production. The Bank focused on key
industries and continued to upgrade and innovate products, expedited the construction of IT platforms,
researched and developed risk management technology, so as to comprehensively enhanced whole-process
risk management capabilities.


     Improved scenario-based product and service system of supply chain finance to facilitate the
resumption of work and production. During the Reporting Period, the Bank promptly adopted effective
measures to fight against the pandemic. In accordance with the policies and requirements of the CBIRC
and other government departments to support the resumption of work and production through supply chain
finance, the Bank focused on key industries such as automobile, pharmaceuticals, construction, liquor and
home appliance to provide convenient credit support to customers through online supply chain finance
products based on their needs in business operation and development during the pandemic. In particular, the
full-process online products featuring less contact and fewer procedures, such as “Credit Finance e（信融e)”,
demonstrated their competitive edges during the pandemic, contributing to the significant business growth
and expanded service span for SMEs in the supply chains. The Bank adhered to the innovation and upgrading
of the product system of supply chain finance by facilitating process optimisation and comprehensively
improving the online migration and intelligence of existing products. Meanwhile, it accelerated the research
and development of new products to further enrich the product system of supply chain finance and
application scenarios. With the development and launching of “Bills Finance e（票融e)”, the Bank provided
the customers of supply chains under commercial bills settlement scenario with premium experiences of
one-click discounting and express fund arrival.


    Accelerated fintech innovation of supply chain finance and refined whole-process risk management
capabilities. The Bank actively developed a new IT platform for supply chain finance and the first phase
of which was successfully launched during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, the Bank started the
implementation of the second phase. Currently, products of “Receivables e（應收e)”, “ Orders e（訂單e)”
and “ Bill Finance e（票融e)” were successfully launched. The Bank gradually improved the systems by
establishing a whole-process risk management system for supply chain finance. It actively applied new
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     65


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



technologies to risk control and added functions of model-based early-warning of supply chain finance, in an
aim to improve risk management and control, strengthen legal compliance management, and guard against
the bottom line of compliance, so as to realise steady and orderly business development.

(III) Retail Banking
    The Bank continued to improve the development model of retail banking driven by both retail wealth
management and asset business. The Bank strengthened the classified management of customer groups
and created a chain operation model that integrated customer acquisition, customer upgrading and customer
retention. The Bank optimised product and service systems to enhance professional service capabilities,
took the initiative to optimising the structure and coordinated the pandemic prevention and control and the
compliant and stable development of retail business.


    The Bank initiated the design of the three-year plan for retail banking (2021-2023), which formed a new
systematic development model and specified key deployments for retail banking business that focused
on five aspects, namely, creating advantages in segmented markets, accelerating digital transformation,
strengthening standardised management, enhancing basic product and service systems and improving
customer experience.


    The three-year plan for retail banking (2021-2023) adhered to the main strategy of “establishing a
technology-driven and distinctive retail banking finance, creating standardised customer experience based
on classified management of customer groups, and enhancing brand reputation”. With enhancing customer
experience as the principle, it aimed to expand customer base, strengthen professional coordination in
retail banking and establish a standardised and professional supporting system of retail banking. Firstly, the
Bank took customer groups engaged in education, elderly care and distinctive small business sectors as the
strategic customer group. By focusing on customers’ needs and continuing to explore customer value, the
Bank deeply dived into retail customers’ ecosystems through open bank platforms, sharing and integrating
resources, in an aim to become the host bank of targeted customers. Secondly, the Bank achieved key
breakthroughs in scenario-based payments on the C end, B end and G end. The Bank explored the scenario-
based needs of small and micro enterprises in key industries and cooperated with leading companies to
improve batch customer acquisition model, while further strengthening digital risk control and application.
Thirdly, the Bank improved the standardised and professional management system of retail business,
further enhanced data-based marketing and strengthened supervision on production capacity. Fourthly, the
Bank improved the basic product and service system and optimised product offerings. Fifthly, the Bank
implemented an all-channel strategy to enhance customer experience.


     During the Reporting Period, operating income from retail business of the Bank amounted to RMB71,133
million, representing an increase of 5.76% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year,
and accounted for 40.56% of total operating income, representing an increase of 1.41 percentage points
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. During the Reporting Period, the Bank
reclassified the operating income from credit card installment repayment from fees and commission income
to interest income. After the reclassification, the net non-interest income from retail business amounted to
RMB16,621 million, representing an increase of 2.52% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year, and accounted for 23.37% of total operating income from retail business and 37.86% of total
net non-interest income of the Bank.
66     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



1. Retail banking customers: Breakthroughs made in both new customer acquisition and existing
customers management by “Outreach+Internal Growth”
    “Outreach” promoted acquisition of customers in batch and through traffic. The Bank strengthened
the development of scenarios and platforms under open bank and business integration. The Bank focused on
core customer groups and proactively carried out cross-industry cooperation by issuing a variety of key co-
branded debit cards with non-financial benefits, including JD Gold Card (京東小金卡), Minsheng Farm Card (民
生農場卡), Tuhu Car-Care Card (途虎養車卡), Minsheng Kids Card (民生童行卡) and Walmart Exclusive Card
(沃爾瑪專享卡). The Bank continued to deepen the comprehensive development of small business customer
groups and actively worked on batch acquisition of customers of key industries and key groups.

     “Internal Growth” facilitated the fission growth effect of existing customers and further promoted
the classified management of customer groups. During the year, the Bank acquired 3,554.0 thousand
new customers (Type-I account), in which 310.6 thousand accounts were valid, representing a valid rate of
8.74%. Through the internal fission growth of the existing MGM customer groups, the Bank recorded 23.4
thousand referrals of new VIP customers, and financial assets increased by RMB10,215 million. The Bank
actively innovated wealth management products and upgraded service channels for wealth management
customer groups for better customer experience. The Bank enhanced professional services to classified
customer groups through product mix and multiple scenario-based payments. The Bank further improved the
professional integrated services for the customer groups of private banking entrepreneurs, optimised the
structure of credit card customer groups and explored light-capital operation of classified customer groups.


     Payment system was improved to enhance comprehensive values. “Daily Assistant (全民管家)”, the
public utilities payment function module, was launched on the Daily Life APP (全民生活APP) of credit card
business, supporting payment for over 1,000 public utility items. It was the first of its kind to realise mutual
recognition of QR code with AliPay for payment. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total number of
registered users of the Daily Life APP reached 25,355.0 thousand, and total transaction volume of electronic
payments (including fast payment, mobile payment and gateway payment) increased by 13.46% as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Bank achieved batch acquisition of targeted quality
customer groups by deepening the transformation towards scenario-based customer acquisitions of credit
card business, constructing a mapping system of customer tags and providing customised product and
interests and benefits. The Bank refined management of existing quality customer groups, optimised cross-
selling mechanism and strengthened the acquisition of local customers to further enhance the penetration
rate of customers of different business lines. Adhering to the customer value-oriented philosophy, during the
year, 85.3% of new credit card customers were “consumption-stable” customers, representing an increase
of 2.4 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


    The Bank optimised basic products and services that were frequently used, such as account opening
procedures, account management, payments and settlements and agency payments. The closed-loop system
of retail customer experience was initially established, and the overall design of all-channel management
system of retail customer experience was completed. The Bank also set up a customer survey system
and a monitoring system of customer experience to strengthen the collection of customer feedbacks and
monitoring of quantitative indicators to facilitate analysis of multi-dimensional data, including customer
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     67


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



behaviours and business operation. The Bank sorted out the mapping of retail banking customers’ business
process and 37 key business processes of customers, and carried out diagnosis and optimised design for the
first three processes including whole process of fund sales, mortgage and cross-selling as well as credit card
application and activation, and implemented the relevant improvement measures in an orderly manner. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 40 business units of the Bank were shortlisted in China’s Top
1,000 Outlets (千佳網點) through the recommendations of banking associations across China, representing an
increase of 15 units as compared with the previous period, reaching a record high.


    Risk prevention responsibility of business departments as the first line of defense was
strengthened. Based on the KYC requirements for retail banking and the principles of “Setting up rules (有
規可依)”, “Following rules (有規必依)”, and “Enforcing rules (執規必嚴)” of compliant sales management, the
Bank has preliminarily formed a closed-loop whole-procedure management system, with integration among
the Head Office, branches and sub-branches, after nearly two years of development and improvement.


     To carry out in-depth value management of existing customers, the Bank launched comprehensive ratings
based on dimensions such as value contribution, transaction frequency and potential of customers to guide
refined operation. The number, structure and retention rate of the Bank’s high-rating customers all showed a
promising growing trend, contributing to the upgrading of customer groups.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of retail customers of the Bank was 79,942.3
thousand, representing an increase of 5,493.3 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year. Of
which, the number of wealth management customers (excluding small and micro enterprise legal person
accounts and retail customers who only hold credit cards) amounted to 57,991.9 thousand, representing an
increase of 5,308.7 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year; the number of Gold customers
and customers of higher levels amounted to 1,216.9 thousand, representing an increase of 58.0 thousand
as compared with the end of the previous year, of which the number of eligible private banking customers
reached 34,948, representing an increase of 3,610 as compared with the end of the previous year, and
the retention rate was 72.72%, representing an increase of 1.69 percentage points as compared with the
corresponding period of the previous year. The number of credit card customers was 43,097.9 thousand,
representing an increase of 2,230.8 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year. The number
of customers of both credit cards and debit cards was 18,571.1 thousand, representing an increase of 873.2
thousand as compared with the end of the previous year.


     The number of high-rating retail banking customers was 2,226.9 thousand, representing an increase of
240.0 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year, of which the retention rate of existing high-
rating customers was 77.11%. Among the newly added high-rating customers during the year, total number
of new customers amounted to 101.0 thousand, which accounted for 42.09%, representing an increase of
5.75 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of small business customers of the Bank amounted to
13,778.3 thousand, representing an increase of 2,204.9 thousand as compared with the end of the previous
year. Of which, the number of small and micro legal person customers amounted to 1,452.1 thousand,
68    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



representing an increase of 117.1 thousand as compared with the end of the previous year. The number
of settlement customers of small business was 559.4 thousand. The number of small business customers
with credit line granted amounted to 791.5 thousand and the number of small business customers with
outstanding loans amounted to 508.7 thousand.


2. Wealth management and private banking: Strengthened layout of key products and standardised
management
    The Bank strove to make the product series of Minsheng Bedrock (民生磐石) and Minsheng Preference
(民生優選) competitive and promoted the initial sales of customised quality products designed by leading fund
companies for the Bank. It created the “Minsheng Bedrock” brand, the first brand of alternative products
in the industry, and accelerated the replacement of wealth management products at their maturities with
Minsheng Bedrock products. With focus on insurance paid by installments, the Bank continued to maintain
competitive edges and ranked in the first group among joint-stock banks.


     Product portfolio of private banking was transformed based on principles of diversity and full-coverage of
asset allocations. In terms of professional service capability of private banking products, the Bank developed
an agency sales management system by virtue of new investment research and strove to formulate the
selection system and supporting rules for private banking products of Minsheng Bank. Product portfolio was
fully integrated with focus on net worth and customisation. A new model of family wealth management was
created to explore customised services for ultra high-net-worth customers. In terms of asset allocation, the
Bank established a comprehensive service model driven by customer needs and optimised asset allocation
over product portfolio, comprehensive solutions and comprehensive service system.


     In terms of deposit products, the Bank achieved stable growth in all savings deposit products in the
first half of 2020, overcoming the adverse influences of the pandemic. In order to comply with regulatory
requirements, the Bank took the initiative since August 2020 to drastically reducing structural deposits to
facilitate a healthier deposit structure.


     The Bank promoted the wealth management renovation project and introduced the standardised version
3.0 with four core modules, namely “management governance, standardised management, standardised
sales, and capability enhancement”, continuously increasing the production capacity of teams. By pushing
forward the standardised operation and team management of private banking centres, the Bank achieved
better performance and efficiency in terms of customer group management. Through the implementation of
a standardised process for asset allocation, the Bank improved the professional asset allocation service for
private banking customers. The Bank focused on the management over the entire life cycle and carried out
works including improving after-sale services, customer behaviour management and information disclosure,
to improve the comprehensive service system for entrepreneur customers and precisely meet their demands
for integrated services in asset allocation and coordinated management of personal and corporate accounts.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, financial assets of individual customers of the Bank amounted
to RMB1,910,216 million, representing an increase of RMB73,241 million as compared with the end of the
previous year, of which the financial assets of Gold customers and customers of higher levels amounted
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020    69


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



to RMB1,560,164 million, representing an increase of RMB66,591 million, as compared with the end of
the previous year. Total retail deposits (including the deposits of small and micro enterprises) amounted
to RMB880,615 million, representing an increase of RMB53,558 million, or 6.48%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. In particular, savings deposits amounted to RMB744,121 million, representing an
increase of RMB37,767 million as compared with the end of the previous year. The sales of personal wealth
management products amounted to RMB3,517,824 million, representing a decrease of RMB4,311 million
as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The agency sales of funds amounted to
RMB182,567 million, representing an increase of RMB36,601 million as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year. Fee and commission income from wealth management business amounted to
RMB6,258 million, representing an increase of 12.42% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the financial assets of eligible private banking customers with
financial assets of more than RMB6 million of the Bank was RMB491,454 million, representing an increase
of 4.86% as compared with the end of the previous year. The average financial assets of private banking
customers was RMB140,624 million.


3. Retail loans: closely followed the guidance of financial policies and achieved rapid growth in scale
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank resolutely implemented the requirements of the CPC Central
Committee and the State Council and strengthened duty performance by supporting the fight against the
pandemic, upgrading products and services, assisting customers in difficulties and promoting inclusive
finance. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total retail loans of the Bank amounted to RMB1,592,192
million, representing an increase of RMB194,976 million as compared with the end of the previous year.
The number of customers of retail loans amounted to 2,383.7 thousand, representing an increase of 299.1
thousand as compared with the end of the previous year. Total non-performing retail loans (credit card
inclusive) amounted to RMB31,256 million, representing an increase of RMB5,422 million as compared with
the end of the previous year. The ratio of non-performing retail loan was 1.96%. Special-mentioned retail
loans amounted to RMB21,596 million, representing an increase of RMB9,091 million as compared with the
end of the previous year, accounting for 1.36% of total retail loans.


    Small business loans: credit supply reached a new high with improved quality and efficiency. In
terms of small business loans, the Bank increased credit extension, expanded business scope, enhanced
quality and reduced cost and achieved fruitful results in supporting the development of the real economy.
The Bank stepped up efforts and allocated more resources in the face of the pandemic to increase provision
of loans to small and micro enterprises and promote renewed loans without principal repayment, with an
aim to ensure stable credit services to small and micro enterprises. The Bank also proactively responded to
the financing needs of small and micro enterprises in industries in relation to fighting the pandemic, made
arrangements for renewing existing loans in advance and actively provided special supports including loan
renewals, deferred repayment and credit record protection for eligible pandemic-stricken customers. The
Bank reduced fees and surcharges through lowering interest rates of small business loans and many other
measures for the purpose of reducing the comprehensive financing costs of small and micro enterprises to
support their resumption of work and production and restoration of operation.
70    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The Bank actively leveraged the productivity of fintech to strengthen product innovation and service
support based on customer needs, technological advancement and small and micro enterprise ecosystem
development, and expanded customers of unsecured loans and first loans. It also actively utilised the
advantages of government platforms and supply chain services to explore the scenarios of online operation
and payment and settlement of small and micro merchants, thus significantly expanding its service
coverage. The Bank actively promoted the development of zero-contact and online services and realised
online full-process handling of small business loans. The Bank actively launched the “Internet + Real Estate
Registration” model and realised one-stop processing for mortgage and registration, and promoted online
handling, so as to enhance the processing efficiency of loans to small business customers.


   The Bank carried out the campaign of “Connected to Each Other－Special Service Year for Small
Business Finance (彼此相連 － 小微金融特別服務年)”, and launched “Minsheng Small Business School (民生
小微商學院)” to provide the owners of small and micro enterprises with free training courses on operation
improvement. Small and micro enterprises were invited to livestream their products in the “Minsheng Farm
(民生農場)” and promoted “One-Click Shop Opening (一鍵開店)”, an online service to broaden the selling
channels for customers. Through giving out anti-pandemic supplies and special insurances etc., the insurance
awareness and risk resilience of small business customers were enhanced, which further empowered their
development.


     As at the end of the Reporting Period, total retail loans to small and micro enterprises of the Bank
amounted to RMB511,865 million, and total small business loans for the year amounted to RMB616,850
million. Total inclusive small business loans amounted to RMB452,762 million, representing an increase of
RMB48,527 million, or 12.00%, as compared with the end of the previous year. The number of customers
with outstanding loans was 338.9 thousand. During the Reporting Period, total inclusive small business loans
granted amounted to RMB553,899 million at average interest rate of 5.92%, representing a decrease of 0.63
percentage points as compared with 2019. Total balance of non-performing inclusive small business loans
amounted to RMB13,886 million and the non-performing loan ratio was 3.07%, representing a decrease of
0.14 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


    All of the Bank’s business units of 878 sub-branches (including business departments) and 138 small
business sub-branches provided stable financial services to small business customers.


    Steady development in mortgage business with tightened credit limits control. Mortgage business
of the Bank was operated in strict compliance with the government policies and regulatory requirements.
Under such premise, the Bank optimised the procedures, refined management and pushed forward the
conversion of LPR. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total mortgage loans of the Bank amounted to
RMB511,574 million, representing an increase of RMB94,942 million as compared with the end of the
previous year. Non-performing loan ratio was 0.22%, representing an increase of 0.01 percentage points as
compared with the end of the previous year.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     71


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    Continuous innovation in consumer finance with optimised business models. The Bank sped up
the introduction of the third-party data and the upgrading and optimisation of products to vigorously improve
the customer experience of Easy Loan. By continuously optimising and adjusting business model, the Bank
accelerated the development of automobile finance business. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total
consumer loans (excluding mortgage loans) of the Bank amounted to RMB106,444 million, representing an
increase of RMB16,301 million as compared with the end of the previous year. Non-performing loan ratio was
0.59%, which remained at the same level as compared with the end of the previous year.


    Stable operation of credit card business with strengthened risk management. Since the outbreak
of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the economic environment has been greatly impacted, which caused
the decline in repayment capability of customers in certain industries, and the risk exposures of credit card
loans increased in a fast pace, leading to rising risk of credit card loans in the general banking industry. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, total number of credit cards issued by the Bank amounted to 61,671.4
thousand, representing an increase of 4,215.3 thousand during the Reporting Period. Transaction volume was
RMB2,598,449 million, representing an increase of 4.75% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year. Total loans amounted to RMB462,309 million, representing an increase of 3.68% as compared
with the corresponding period of the previous year. Non-performing loan ratio was 3.28%, representing an
increase of 0.80 percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


   As the pandemic prevention and control becoming regular, the Bank has taken various measures to
enhance the quality of new credit card customers and improve the efficiency of recovery and disposal.


    Firstly, the Bank focused on the customer groups featuring “low-risk with medium-to-high yield and
stable consumption”, provided guidance on customer group planning, optimised and restructured risk
classification model of customer groups to realise differentiated entry approval and further increase the
asset proportion of quality customer groups. During the year, the overdue rate of new customers was 0.5%,
representing a decrease of 0.38 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period of previous
year.


    Secondly, the Bank established a “customer-centric” risk monitoring system, took differentiated risk
management and control measures, built an early-warning model in the primary stage and improved the
risk exit mechanism. The Bank further classified existing special-mentioned loans, adopted differentiated
collection methods, upgraded the collection system and built a “Cloud Recovery (雲修復)” platform for
customers that couldn’t be contacted to enhance recovery efficiency, reduce the proportion of special-
mentioned loans downgrading to NPLs and mitigate risks in advance. New NPLs generated in the second half
of 2020 dropped by 25.88 percentage points as compared with the first half.


    The NPL ratio of credit card business of the Bank was relatively high among peers. One of the main
reasons was that write-offs and securitisation of non-performing assets of credit card business needed to be
improved. After recovering disposals of non-performing assets for the year, NPL ratio of credit card business
of the Bank was at an average level among peers. In the future, the Bank will increase its efforts to dispose
credit card NPLs.
72    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    During the Reporting Period, the Bank was awarded the “2020 UnionPay Business Rapid Growth Award
(2020年銀聯業務快速成長獎）” and the “2020 Token2.0 Cooperation Excellence Award (2020年Token2.0合作
卓越獎）” from China UnionPay, the “Best Marketing Service Award for Digital Transformation of Banks for
2020 (2020年銀行數字化轉型最佳營銷服務獎）” from China e-Finance Union (中國網絡金融聯盟). The credit
card service center was awarded the “2020 China’s Best Customer Contact Center (2020中國最佳客戶聯絡中
心獎）” from the organiser of the “Golden Sound Award (金音獎)”. The “Caring Bank” project launched by the
“Daily Life APP（全民生活APP)” was awarded the honour of “Outstanding Contribution (傑出貢獻)” from the
China Foundation for Poverty Alleviation. Minsheng’s Intangible Cultural Heritage (ICH) Protection credit card
was selected as one of the “2020 ICH Cross-Border Innovation of Glamorous China of the Great World City
Stage (2020大世界城市舞臺中國魅力榜非遺跨界創新榜）”.


4. Service for small and micro enterprises and consumer rights protection: steadily consolidated its
position to improve effectiveness
     Based on the portraits of small business customers and their diverse service needs, the Bank
preliminarily established a classified and differentiated service system for small business customer groups,
clarified the development path for small business settlement services with a “light-capital, scenario-based,
comprehensive and professional” nature. The Bank then continued to enrich the exclusive products and
services for small business customers and fully satisfied the financial and non-financial needs, including
financing, wealth management, payment and settlement, of individual small business customers and
their companies, employees and families, enhancing comprehensive capabilities to serve small and micro
enterprises.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, financial assets of small business of the Bank amounted to
RMB418,957 million, representing an increase of RMB54,553 million as compared with the end of the
previous year, of which personal deposits of small business customers amounted to RMB175,478 million,
representing an increase of RMB16,298 million as compared with the end of the previous year. Corporate
deposits of small and micro enterprises amounted to RMB136,494 million, representing an increase of
RMB15,791 million as compared with the end of the previous year.


     During the Reporting Period, the Bank performed its duty in consumer rights protection in full compliance
with the regulatory requirements. The Bank implemented the “customer-centric” philosophy and continuously
refined management to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of consumer rights protection.


     Firstly, in respect of policy making, the Bank revised and published special management rules, such as
the Administrative Measures on Consumer Rights Protection of China Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行消費者權
益保護管理辦法》           ), forming a strong guidance for consumer rights protection. Secondly, in respect of systems
and mechanisms, it optimised the organisation and management system for consumer rights protection,
transferred the function of consumer rights protection to retail banking and further strengthened the internal
driving forces to actively fulfill consumer rights protection obligations and protecting the 8 major rights of
financial consumers through product design and services. Thirdly, in respect of the whole-process control of
products and services, the Bank continued to comply with the regulatory requirements, supervised and guided
departments in relation to product and customer group management to actively meet the requirements in
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     73


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



relation to consumer rights protection, including early examination on consumer rights protection, fee and
surcharges reduction, information disclosure, marketing and promotion, satisfaction survey, etc., to enhance
the quality of customer service. Fourthly, the Bank improved the management standards of consumer rights
protection of all channels and effectively strengthen the management of consumer rights protection of outlet
channels. The Bank comprehensively enhanced the operating management of outlets during the pandemic
to ensure the safe operation of the outlets. Fifthly, in respect of complaint handling, the Bank optimised the
process of complaint handling and improved the contingency management for major complaints by putting
more emphasis on source tracing and rectification of repeated complaints and major complaints. A multi-
level and stereoscopic complaint handling mechanism was established and improved to enhance the quality,
efficiency and management of complaint handling. Sixthly, in respect of promoting financial knowledge
education, the Bank successively organised four bank-wide campaigns, such as “15 March” Promotion
Week, “Protect Your Wealth (守住錢袋子)” and “Financial Knowledge Promotion Tour (金融知識萬里行)”, etc.
Against the unusual backdrop of pandemic prevention and control in the year, the Bank integrated various
“zero-contact” promotion channels and created a series of “consumer rights protection IPs”, which were
well recognised by financial consumers and the regulatory authorities. The Bank was accredited as the
Outstanding Organiser in the events of “15 March” and in the “2020 Joint Promotion Activities (2020 年聯合
宣教活動）”.


5. Comprehensive retail banking management: fully strengthened and upgraded coordination system
     The Bank gave full play to the role of the retail business management committee in integrating and
coordinating development strategy and management mechanisms of retail business, further expanded the
whole-process and collaborated system covering plans and objectives, resource allocation, management of
data-based marketing, appraisal and evaluation and retail branding. The Bank organised planning and research
of retail business development model, explored its innovation and management transformation, and created a
new momentum for intensive, professional and standardised development of retail banking. Aiming at optimal
allocation of resources, the Bank coordinated resources including expense budget and credit lines, took
multiple measures to improve the effectiveness of resource allocation, upgraded appraisal and evaluation
management of retail banking, and strengthened the implementation of standardised and professional
management and control of retail banking at the Head Office.


    The Bank cultivated professional talents of retail business with the concept of “professionalism and value
creation”. Under the Bank’s professional and technical job sequence system of human resources, the design
of a sub-sequence system for the retail banking teams of the Bank was completed to provide support and
guarantee for the improvement of professional capabilities and layered management of retail teams, and for
the compatibility management between the teams, customers and products.


    The Bank focused on the building of mechanisms for continuous cultivation of core retail professionals
and their career development, and provided multi-layered, advanced and practical trainings to motivate their
growth. During the year, 34 training programmes were organised for more than 2,500 participants of core
retail teams. Outstanding members of “Pioneers” event were organised to complete the development of 61
courses with 46 session hours. The Bank carried out a promotion campaign for the best retail employees of
the year, to spread positive energy of the retail teams’ professionalism and devotion.
74    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



6. Digitalised management of retail business: significantly enhanced the depth and breadth of
application
    Digital marketing. The Bank enriched the data-based marketing strategy through the continuous
development of business models and advancement of data governance. With the application of deep learning
technology, the Bank developed more than 80 models to apply in various scenarios such as new customer
acquisition, customer upgrading, customer recovery and sales of key products. According to customer groups
classified into small business, elderly care and education and other groups, the Bank developed 983 customer
tags, initiated 13 thousand targeted marketing activities, and achieved 2.3 billion times of targeted customer
contacts. With established remote banking that provided online standardised and centralised banking
services for the general public, the Bank deployed 452 customer group management activities, formulated
1,025 management strategies, and achieved 2.4 times of average marketing contacts per account during the
year. The Bank completed the building of a tank of retail data-based marketing strategies and established a
management system for all channels. By conducting funnel analysis of retail sales, the Bank continued to
upgrade and optimise its marketing strategies, realising a 30% increase in the success rate of key strategy
implementation.


    Digital channel management. The establishment of an all-channel management system was completed
and a funnel model for all-channel analysis of retail banking was established to carry out indicator monitoring
and reason analysis and improvements of all channels in respect of traffic acquisition, user activation,
retention enhancement and loyal customers. The Bank promoted cross-channel penetration of customers and
strengthened the mutual referral of customers between online and offline, which facilitated the frequency of
contacts and value exploration.


    Digital risk management. Capability building in regards to digital risk control and online services of
small businesses. In accordance with big data in relation to supply chain transaction scenarios and taxation
and credit record, the Bank improved the risk measurement model. By integrating innovative technologies
including identity authentication and biometrics, the Bank established a full-process comprehensive data-
based risk control system of small business finance. Under the premise of effective prevention of external
fraud risk, credit risk and operational risk, the Bank promoted the transformation and upgrading of small
business finance towards digitalised and intelligent end. It also set up a full-process online service system
covering customer acquisition, review and approval, as well as withdrawal and renewal of loans. During
the year, the proportion of automatically approved business volume increased by 12 percentage points as
compared with the previous year.


    Capability building in regard to intelligent self-risk control of consumer finance. The Bank conducted
review and approval based on “Data + Model” to facilitate the development of the new Easy Loan and the
cooperative loan business. By expanding and integrating compliant and effective external data from multiple
channels, the Bank established a self-risk control model and strategy system, achieving a breakthrough in
improving and launching the decision-making framework for the new Minsheng Easy Loan. The Bank also
developed online marketing model for consumer loans and established a differentiated management system
for classified customer groups. The Bank strengthened its self-risk control in scenario-based consumer
finance. The monthly number of new consumer credit customers increased by 4.7 times and the monthly
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    75


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



number of new customers signing contracts increased by 6.2 times. The scale of online non-mortgage
consumer loans increased by 213.63% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year while
the NPL ratio decreased to 0.52% from 0.92%, and the scale of scenario-based consumer finance under self-
risk control increased by 21.17% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.


    Development of the risk control system of the whole life circle of credit card business. Regarding pre-
loan admittance and review and approval, the Bank attached great importance to the guidance of customer
groups, strictly prevented the admittance of customers with joint debts, while strengthened differentiation
in admittance control and credit line granted. The automatic approval rate was enhanced with the auto-
approval rate of approximately 75% in 2020. Regarding data measurement, the Bank upgraded the model
system and established specific models for credit risk, fraud risk, strategy pooling and internal evaluation and
measurement. Regarding anti-fraud, technologies such as DATAFLUX, fingerprint recognition device and SNA
were introduced to realise multi-dimensional risk identification. Regarding post-loan management, the Bank
formulated a collection guiding system for all scenarios, introduced intelligent AI voice robots and conducted
customer group mapping analysis through an intelligent voice system to improve the collection efficiency.


(IV) Treasury business
1. Investment business
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank continuously optimised its asset structure and improved
investment efficiency. As at the end of the Reporting Period, net investments of the Bank amounted to
RMB2,097,367 million, representing a decrease of RMB63,181 million, or 2.92%, as compared with the
end of the previous year. The proportion of net investments in total assets of the Bank decreased by 2.24
percentage points as compared with the end of the previous year.


2. Financial institutions business
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank strengthened compliant operation, established the “customer-
centric” concept and propelled the transformation of financial institution customer group management. The
Bank improved the basic data base of customers in line with the comprehensive contribution of financial
institution customer groups. Guided by the “panoramic view” of financial institution customers, the Bank
focused on integrated marketing, optimised the unified credit line management and admittance management
of financial institution customers, with an aim to continuously enhancing the marketing management of the
financial institution customer group and profit-making capability of the financial institutions business.


     During the Reporting Period, the Bank continued to optimise the asset structure of financial institutions
business, stabilise liabilities and reduce liability cost to achieve stable development of financial institutions
business. As at the end of the Reporting Period, assets of financial institutions business of the Bank
amounted to RMB305,942 million, representing a decrease of 18.12% as compared with the end of the
previous year. Liabilities (including IBNCD) of financial institutions business amounted to RMB1,839,533
million, representing a decrease of 0.15% as compared with the end of the previous year. During the
Reporting Period, a total of 577 tranches of IBNCD were issued with an accumulated amount of RMB903,410
million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total balance of IBNCD issued by the Bank amounted to
RMB713,953 million, representing an increase of 130,848 million as compared with the end of the previous
year.
76    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    During the Reporting Period, the Bank focused on building the internet platform of “Minsheng Financial
Institutions Business e+”, to integrate competitive products of financial institution customers of the Bank,
open up product output channels, and provide online digital, integrated and comprehensive marketing
services for financial institution customers.


3. Custody business
    Following the policy guidance, the Bank took multiple measures to overcome the external influences
and achieved stable development of custody business. At the beginning of the Reporting Period, the Bank
proactively promoted products concerning pandemic prevention and control, and opened green channels
for custody products in relation to pandemic prevention and control. Custody fee was voluntarily reduced or
exempted to allow the entrusted funds to be fully used at the front line of pandemic prevention on a timely
basis. With in-depth analysis of capital market throughout the year, the Bank actively responded to market
changes by optimising business structure and strictly controlling business risks. Adhering to the customer-
centric philosophy and the development principle of “expanding scale, increasing revenue, promoting
coordination and building brand (創規模、增收入、促協同、樹品牌)”, while focusing on the development of
basic custody business, the Bank also promoted business innovation to enrich the connotation of the brand of
“iCustody” (愛託管). With a focus on the online custody service process, the “on-site + remote (現場+遠程)”
dual-line service mechanism was introduced for better customer experience. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, total assets under the custody of the Bank (including various types of funds under supervision) was
RMB10.65 trillion. Total revenue from custody business was RMB6,087 million.


    In respect of pension business, in line with the government policies on improvement and development
of multi-pillared pension schemes, the Bank expanded its product portfolio covering corporate annuity,
occupational annuity, pension products and pension management products under its qualifications of annuity
custody and account management. The Bank continued to improve operation management and customer
services to provide quality pension fund management services for corporate and individual customers. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, the Bank had RMB603,339 million pension funds under custody, and
managed 208.0 thousand personal accounts of corporate annuity.


4. Wealth management business
    During the Reporting Period, despite the impact of the pandemic and the significant market fluctuations,
the Bank deepened the reform and transformation of wealth management business, and saw a positive
outcome. On the one hand, under the premise of strengthened compliance and effective risk control,
the Bank proactively followed regulatory guidance to promote the net-worth transformation of wealth
management products, by which the product offerings were gradually enriched with product lines covering
multiple customer groups, leading to rapid growth in net-worth product scale. On the other hand, the
Bank closely followed major national strategies and promoted financial services for the public welfare
and supported the real economy through direct or indirect involvement of wealth management funds in
various financial tools. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of existing non-principal-guaranteed
wealth management products of the Bank amounted to RMB861,132 million, of which, the scale of net-
worth products in compliance with new asset management regulations amounted to RMB528,574 million,
representing an increase of 258.06% as compared with the end of the previous year, accounting for 61.38%
of total non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    77


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The Bank focused on improving its core capability on asset management and further improved
operating capability. Firstly, the Bank built an investment and research system with fixed income as the
basis and with asset portfolio as the core. The investment portfolio structure was further improved to cover
major targets such as the currency market, bond market, equity market and commodity market. Secondly,
in accordance with the standards for independent operation of wealth management subsidiaries, the Bank
improved the governance structure and the functions of core teams, and ensured a sufficient number of
necessary operational staff. Thirdly, the Bank continued to develop the IT system, and built a new core
system for asset management based on its experience of the original system, and added various system
components that adapted to the management and operation of net-worth products. The Bank utilised
information technology to support investment research and analysis, market risk monitoring, credit risk
management and post-investment management, and further enhanced business capabilities.


    Actively responding to policy guidance, the Bank pushed forward the transformation and
continuous development of products in a scientific, practical, innovative and progressive manner.
The Bank continued to improve the layout of net-worth products based on product series including “Fuzhu
Fixed Income (富竹固收)”, “Guizhu Fixed Income + (貴竹固收+)”, “Rongzhu Mix (榮竹混合)”, “Yuzhu
Private Placement Single Issuance (玉竹私募單發)”, etc., to constantly improve product offerings of the
“Minsheng Zhu (民生竹)” wealth management product series, thereby forming well-established market
reputation. In respect of product features, the Bank gradually shifted from short-to-medium term products
to medium-to-long term and multi-asset mix with stable yield and low volatility. In terms of product mix, the
Bank introduced products with various maturities including 1-day products, periodic-end products, closed-
end products, and products with holding periods to better match the liquidity requirements of all types of
investors. In terms of product themes, by accurately grasping hotspots in the market, the Bank launched
themed products such as “Yinzhu Refinancing (銀竹再融資)”, “Rongzhu Macro-finance (榮竹大金融)”, and
“Rongzhu Capital Market Reform Opportunity (榮竹資本市場改革機遇)”, which further enriched the product
connotation. In the face of market fluctuations in 2020, net-worth products of the Bank not only maintained
profitable, but also achieved outstanding overall results, generating relatively high investment returns to
investors. During the Reporting Period, the Bank was awarded Golden Bull Wealth Management Bank of the
Year, Golden Bull Banking Wealth Management Product of the Year, etc., continuously enhancing market
recognition of Minsheng Wealth Management.


    On 9 December 2020, the Bank received the Reply of the CBIRC on Establishing Minsheng Wealth
Management Co., Ltd. (民生理財有限責任公司). Currently, the Bank is dedicated to progressing the
establishment of the wealth management subsidiary, and strives to achieve an early opening.
78    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



5. Precious metals and foreign exchange trading
    During the Reporting Period, the on-floor trading volumes of gold and silver (including agency sales for
legal persons and individuals) of the Bank in the precious metals markets (i.e., the Shanghai Gold Exchange
and the Shanghai Futures Exchange) amounted to 2,673.41 tons and 18,218.41 tons, respectively. Total
trading value amounted to RMB1,126,782 million. The Bank is the eighth largest trader at Shanghai Gold
Exchange in terms of on-floor trading value and is one of the most active proprietary dealers at Shanghai
Futures Exchange. The Bank is also one of the most important importers of block gold in China. The Bank
actively participated in the market making of precious metals and continuously strengthened the development
of algorithmic market making system. During the Reporting Period, the Bank newly obtained the qualification
as a market maker for gold futures at Shanghai Futures Exchange.


    During the Reporting Period, the volume of gold lease to corporate customers of the Bank was 9.91 tons,
ranking fifth in the market. The volume of physical gold of the Bank’s own brand sold to individual customers
was 1,005.52 kg. The Bank effectively satisfied the demands of customers with diversified products. The
Bank tightened cooperation with internet platforms and launched a series of innovative online gold products,
contributing new momentum to the business growth.


     During the Reporting Period, the transaction volume of domestic spot settlement and sales of foreign
currencies of the Bank amounted to USD679,957 million. The transaction volume of forward settlement
and sale of foreign currencies and RMB foreign exchange swap of the Bank amounted to USD935,485
million. The transaction volume of RMB foreign exchange options amounted to USD99,967 million. The Bank
was actively involved in product innovation in the foreign exchange market, of which the trading volume
of emerging market currencies amounted to USD3,539 million, representing an increase of 233.87% as
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The Bank strove to provide customers with
quality foreign exchange transaction services to effectively help them reduce financial costs and avoid
exchange rate risks, so as to achieve a win-win situation in international business.


(V) Distribution channels
1. Internet finance
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank strictly followed the trends of digital transformation, actively
explored and applied cutting-edge technologies and upgraded its online service platforms. Continuous
innovations were made in the “three banking systems (三個銀行)”, namely online banking, mobile banking
and WeChat banking, and the “four platforms (四個平台)”, namely bank-enterprise direct connect platform (銀
企直聯平台), online payment platform, digital operation platform and open bank service platform (開放銀行服
務平台), which enhanced the support offered by online finance platforms, optimised the online product and
service system, and greatly improved the differentiated and refined zero-contact services. The finance for
eco-systems of industries was innovated and developed, market share was expanded and brand influence
was enhanced. During the pandemic, the Bank leveraged its strong online platform, promptly responded to
customers’ needs in zero-contact services and innovated online financial and daily life services to ensure
smooth financial services and facilitate pandemic prevention and control.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     79


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(1) Retail online services
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank continued to improve the service capabilities of platforms such
as personal mobile banking, online banking and WeChat banking. The Bank innovated and applied advanced
technologies including 5G, AR/VR, AI, big data, and Internet-of-Things (IoT), and took the lead to launch
5G-based mobile banking in the industry. Focusing on interaction experience and intelligent services, the
Bank strove to improve services with six highlights, including brand new dynamic visual experience, rich
video services, seamless voice interaction portal, professional, caring and specialised remote banking
services, personalised and considerate AI services and reliable security protection. In the special section
for smart banking on the mobile banking interface, users could try out the “Smart Banking Experience
Store” through online & offline synergies. The Bank developed a simplified version of mobile banking, which
was characterised by extra-large fonts, customisation of frequently-used services and personalised wealth
management recommendations, to meet the special needs of elderly customers. The Bank also launched
featured and value-added financial services, such as special section for payroll agency, video service of
“Minsheng Live Streaming Room” (民生播客廳) and special section for fighting the pandemic on the mobile
banking interface, to further improve online services. By upgrading “Minsheng Pass (民生通行證)”, an open-
ended customer system, the Bank introduced the WeChat mini program of “China Minsheng Bank +” (中
國民生銀行+) and opened platform services and technology capacity of mobile banking, to help more users
experience the online services of the Bank. The Bank also launched the U-key for mobile phones, which may
implant digital certificates into phones to support transfers of up to RMB5 million without physical U-key,
making funds transactions through the Bank’s mobile banking more convenient and secure.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of retail online platform users was 82,384.7 thousand,
representing an increase of 11,972.9 thousand, or 17.00%, as compared with the end of the previous year.
The retail online platform substitution rate was 98.88% and the number of monthly active users on retail
online platform was 21,620.8 thousand. In terms of customer transaction activity, the Bank maintained its
leading position in the banking industry.


(2) Corporate online services
     During the Reporting Period, adhering to the concept of “consideration, convenience, efficiency and
unity”, the Bank continued to optimise online corporate service system to better serve the real economy
and support the rapid growth of enterprises. Under the customer-centric philosophy and in order to fulfill the
differentiated and distinctive needs of customers, the Bank launched the corporate version, custody version
and inter-bank e+ version of mobile banking to provide specialised corporate mobile banking services to SME
customers, customers along the upstream and downstream of supply chains and industry customers through
mobile devices. The Bank optimised the online procedures of account opening and improved the usability
of online services. By improving the bank-enterprise direct connect platform, the Bank provided customised
service solutions to customers. Based on business scenarios of strategic customers and by way of open
bank, the Bank jointly worked with enterprises to build service eco-system, and proactively extended the
reach of service so as to better serve the production and operation of enterprises and achieve mutual benefit
and win-win situation.
80    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of users of corporate online platform of the Bank
reached 2,636.8 thousand, representing an increase of 326.5 thousand, or 14.13%, as compared with the end
of the previous year. During the Reporting Period, transaction volume of corporate online banking platform
amounted to RMB58.46 trillion, representing an increase of 18.68% as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year. The number of bank-enterprise direct connect customers was 2,514, with annual
daily average deposits of RMB580,239 million.


(3) Online payment business
    During the Reporting Period, grasping the opportunities arising from digitalisation of payment industry,
the Bank established the comprehensive service system of online payment, and strengthened basic services
and innovation capability of payment products, and greatly enhanced the brand influence of “Minsheng Pay®
(民生付®)”. To boost mobile payment from the C-end customers, the Bank launched the mobile banking
function of one-click binding of bank cards with eight partner institutions and was among the first group
of banks to realise mutual recognition of QR code with UnionPay for payment. The Bank also introduced
services such as facial-recognition payment and Token payment, and diversified the scenarios of services,
so as to provide customers with more convenient and favourable mobile payment services. For the B-end
customers, the Bank improved the cashier function of Minsheng Pay to support all mainstream payment
methods and achieved multi-channel coverage from PC to mobile devices. The Bank focused on key
industries and provided solutions, which attracted a batch of new typical merchants for non-tax payment
and member wallet payment, and added new functions of bill split and guaranteed settlement to Easy
Collection and Payment (收付易), which satisfied different settlement requirements of merchants. The Bank
also launched online platform for submission of application materials for merchants, payment risk control
platform and payment marketing platform, realising the full-process online management of online acceptance
merchants and further improving the payment risk monitoring, prevention and control.


    During the Reporting Period, the number of mobile payment transactions via debit cards amounted to
68,343.1 thousand, representing an increase of 8.05% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year. Total transaction volume was RMB32,377 million, representing an increase of 50.09% as
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Transaction volume of online acceptance was
RMB267,377 million, representing an increase of 24.44% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year.


2. Direct bank
    Capitalising on the new opportunity arising from China’s internet finance development and leveraging
advantages of innovative system and mechanism, the Bank is devoted to developing an online ecosystem
platform of “zero-contact finance and inclusive finance (零接觸金融、普惠金融)” of direct bank and providing
the public with smooth and convenient financial services. In 2020, the Bank continuously deepened the
featured BBC service model of “finance cloud + industry cloud (金融雲+行業雲)”, and launched the “cloud
bank ecosystem platform (雲銀行生態平台)” innovatively. Giving full play to digital transformation to align
with operation scenarios of enterprises, the Bank offered a series of standardised, scenario-based and open-
ended professional financial services, such as “cloud wallet and chained wallet (雲錢包、鏈式錢包)”, to the
core corporate customers and their upstream and downstream customers. The Bank developed more than
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     81


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



600 standardised APIs, providing scenario-based financial solutions for over 1,000 merchants ranging from
infrastructure construction, transportation, logistics, industrial, education, health care and other sectors,
serving 33,273.0 thousand customers. Financial assets under management amounted to RMB115,752
million. During the year, the Bank has won eight major awards, including the “2019 Banking Technology
Development Award (2019年度銀行科技發展獎)” by the PBOC and “2020 Fintech Innovation Award (2020年
度金融科技創新獎)” by hexun.com, becoming a benchmark bank in the industry.


3. Physical distribution channels
    The Bank has established an effective domestic distribution network that covered all provinces in the
Chinese mainland with focus on the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta, Bohai Economic Rim and other
regions. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the sales network of the Bank covered 132 cities in the
Chinese mainland, including 140 branch-level institutions (including 41 tier-one branches, 90 tier-two branches
and nine remote sub-branches), 1,178 business outlets of sub-branches (including business departments),
1,106 community sub-branches, and 138 small business sub-branches.


     The planning and design of business outlet transformation were completed and the first outlet
with new space design commenced operation. The Bank completed the planning and design of offline
physical outlet transformation, initiated the pilot projects in key branches, and implemented“ 1+N” outlet
management model at Tianjin Branch. The Bank also set up standards for new space design of business
outlets. The first sub-branch with new space design was open for trial operation in Jinan, providing a
replicable model for the upgrading of the Bank’s outlets’ image to a digital, smart, young and innovative one
in the future.


     Featured services were upgraded and extraordinary value contribution was made by inclusive
finance. Transformation for integrated operation of “wealth+asset” was initiated in community finance.
During the reporting period, the Bank insisted on implementing the national strategy of “inclusive finance”,
overcame the impact of the pandemic, deepened the transformation of scenario-based operation, fully
exploited the advantages of community sub-branches in terms of personal and geographical network, and
kept providing customers with considerate services with “community” features. Total financial assets of the
community (small business) sub-branches continued to increase, with its total amount reaching RMB314,852
million, and the average financial assets of the community network amounted to RMB253 million. Total
savings deposits amounted to RMB114,176 million. The number of customers was 7,432.0 thousand, of
which 876.5 thousand were at or above active level. The customer base was further fortified.


    The operation ecosystem of both online and offline stores was successfully launched. The
“Minsheng Bank Online Store” (民生銀行線上店) with focus on marketing activities was officially in operation,
establishing the operation ecosystem of both online and offline stores of the Bank. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, 1,157 standard outlets and 637 convenience outlets had been launched, with a total of 117
thousand visitors and over 0.45 million clicks in 25 days.
82    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



4. Operational services
    In 2020, the Bank comprehensively implemented national policies and regulatory requirements,
coordinated the pandemic prevention and control and financial services, and returned to business origins
of serving the real economy. The Bank continued to provide quality, efficient and competitive operational
services to customers inside and outside the Bank. In response to the pandemic, leveraging the advantage
of centralised operation and multi-location data backup, the Bank secured stable and uninterrupted customer
services. For customers in areas badly hit by the pandemic, the Bank introduced innovative operational
service models, such as “green channel”, “remote banking”, and “cloud operation” with prioritised services,
to vigorously support the pandemic prevention and control as well as the resumption of work and production.
The Bank implemented the development strategy of “becoming a fintech-based bank”, built and launched
the Bank’s first “Smart Bank Experience Store”, and innovated the integration of emerging technologies such
as 5G network, big data, IoT, blockchain, AI and others with financial service scenarios and ecosystems. As
such, customers were provided with a new intelligent service experience that “can be seen, touched and
carried away”.


(VI) Fintech
     During the Reporting Period, with the aim to build an enterprise-level architecture, the Bank established
open bank, unified product pool, unified the applications at middle office, completed the transformation of
distributed technology architecture, and built up the three-layer architecture featuring a front office of unified
channels, a middle office of scenario-based applications and a back office of cloud-based technologies. On
the basis of consolidating technological capabilities, the Bank carried out “ten major events” of fintech to
support the digital transformation. During the Reporting Period, the Bank invested RMB3,702 million in IT
projects, accounting for 2.10% of total operating incomes. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number
of IT personnel of the Bank was 2,625.


     The Bank strengthened enterprise-level technological capabilities to build a digital bank. The
Bank completed the transformation of the distributed technology architecture bankwide and launched
the “Distributed Banking Core System”, realising the full self-operation and control of the core system.
Imperceptive online dynamic data migration method was adopted and the overall architecture was highly
reliable with high performance and high resilience, which laid a solid foundation for the digital transformation
of the Bank. Moreover, the Bank built a middle office of unified applications, which worked together
with the middle offices of business and data, to promote the transformation of customer service model
towards scenario-based financial ecosystem. The Bank built a bank-wide unified product pool comprising 17
customised product shelves, developed an intelligent push model to send intelligent and customised push
notifications, and provided intelligent and comprehensive services to address customers’ needs in different
scenarios. The Bank also deepened data governance, innovated data applications, created a middle office of
real-time data, and innovated and developed big data-based risk control and marketing models such as “Lingxi
Willingness Score (靈犀意願分)”, “Xinzhu Credit Score (新竹信用分)” and “Baichuan Credit Score (百川信
用分)”, to improve data-based risk control and marketing capabilities, and to release the value of data as a
production factor.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    83


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The industry’s first remote banking service was launched by the Bank, creating a bank of zero-
contact services. By applying technologies such as audio and video transmission and decoding, data
interaction and encrypted transmission, online handling of personal and corporate businesses in multiple
scenarios was realised by remote tellers through mobile banking, providing customers with real-time and
zero-contact services anytime and anywhere. During the pandemic, remote banking totally provided 406
thousand times of services, exceeding the total number of customers served by offline business outlets of
the Bank.


    The Bank was also the first in the industry to provide 5G-based mobile banking to create a
humanised bank. Applying 5G, AI, edge computing, natural language processing and other technologies,
the Bank launched 5G-based mobile banking with six highlighted features including new dynamic visuals,
rich video services and high security, conducted trial runs of “5G RCS” (5G消息) and introduced Minsheng
Mobile Banking (Simplified Version) to enable elderly customers to enjoy fast and convenient mobile financial
services. Also, RPA, OCR, intelligent voice and other technologies have been applied to build an integrated
operation platform to provide unified verification and standardised services for customers from different
service channels. The Bank applied intelligent technologies to upgrade the operation factory to provide one-
stop “cloud witnessing” services for customers, thus improving customer service efficiency and experience.


    The Bank enhanced “open bank” capabilities to create a bank without borders. To build an open
bank, the Bank reorganised financial services and encapsulated modules, and opened up its products and
services, transactions and processes, data and algorithms through various methods including API services,
H5, mini programs, financial clouds for ecosystems and others, to link up with industry’s ecosystems.
At the same time, comprehensive industry solutions have been launched, including “Minsheng Cloud –
Human Resource”, “Minsheng Cloud – Agency Book Keeping”, “Minsheng Cloud – Government Services”,
“Minsheng Cloud – Travel” and “Minsheng Cloud – Payroll”, and the number of registered merchants
on platforms to which open bank was connected has reached 8.20 million. The Bank built a direct bank
ecosystem platform and launched various products including “Group Wallet”, “Member Wallet”, “Employee
Wallet”, “Cloud Wallet”, “Chain Wallet” and “Fixed Income+”, providing scenario-based financial solutions to
1,096 partner institutions.


    The Bank innovated and applied various technologies to create an intelligent bank. It released
the “Smart Banking Experience Store”, which applied 8 emerging mainstream technologies such as 5G,
biometrics, knowledge graph and edge computing to achieve high-degree integration of online and offline,
financial and non-financial, sales and services, and lobby and home scenes, providing customers with
services that “can be seen, touched and carried away”. The first experience store in Zhongguancun in Beijing
has been officially opened to the public. While the Bank continued to improve digital operation capability,
accumulate multi-dimensional data such as users’ behaviours and transactions, 986 standardised tags have
been formed, enabling intelligent selection of targeted customer groups and targeted marketing to improve
the capability to activate existing customers.
84    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The Bank focused on technology empowerment on business and created rich product portfolios
and comprehensive service capabilities based on scenario ecosystem. On the B-end, taking the Corporate
Financial Platform (CFP) as the core, the Bank built up “six product systems + six middle office systems
+ six risk systems” to support online services for corporate customers including account opening, global
fast payment and financing. The Bank also promoted the embedding of financial services, including new
supply chain finance, and settlement and cash management of “Express, Pool and Earnings (通、聚、盈)”,
into transaction scenarios. On the C-end, focusing on key business areas such as scenario-based finance,
intelligent marketing, intelligent risk control, intelligent acceptance and mobile finance, the Bank continued
to build a retail strategy application and scenario-based finance system with the Personal Financial Platform
(PFP) as the basis and the core, to support the coordinated implementation of strategies between the Head
Office and branches. On the F-end, the Bank has built a comprehensive financial service platform for financial
markets business, enhanced fund management and trading capabilities of financial markets business. It has
also built the “Interbank e+” PC-end version to provide interbank customers with integrated three-in-one
comprehensive online services of “products, trading and services” through unified online portal and trading
platform. In addition, the Bank has gone live eight major IT systems of the wealth management subsidiary to
prepare for its business opening.


(VII) Comprehensive services
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank strove for group-oriented, diversified and integrated development
and established the “customer-centric” comprehensive service model within the Bank and between the Bank
and its subsidiaries. Focused on key businesses and key customer groups, it optimised the mechanism for
cross-market, cross-segment and cross-institution selling. The Bank enriched the scenarios of coordinated
applications, strengthened the layout of competitive products, and expanded the scope of cross and
coordinated selling, and the depth and breadth of coordinated operations. The Bank also devoted efforts to
referral and two-way diversion of customers and further promoted license complementarity between the
Bank and its subsidiaries so as to create a comprehensive and customer-oriented financial service system.


    Based on the “One Minsheng” development concept, the Bank continuously improved the group-oriented
management system and unified the strategic directions of the Bank and its subsidiaries It has introduced
a series of group-oriented management policies and measures, enhanced group-oriented risk management
system, optimised resource allocation and management mechanism of performance appraisal of subsidiaries,
strengthened the development of system platforms of subsidiaries, and deepened the depth of coordinated
operations, so as to continuously enhance the capability to provide comprehensive financial services to
customers.


(VIII) Overseas business
     During the Reporting Period, the Hong Kong Branch actively followed the Bank’s development strategy,
focused on building differentiated competitive edges and continued to strengthen the three major businesses,
namely corporate banking, financial markets, and private banking and wealth management, to give full play of
its role as an overseas business platform of the Bank.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     85


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     Capitalising on the cross-border synergy with the Head Office and grasping the strategic opportunities
arising from the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area and others, Hong Kong Branch focused
on providing professional cross-border financial solutions for quality corporate customers. In the capital
market, Hong Kong Branch expanded featured businesses by successfully promoting the landing of projects
of strategic customers, such as Wumart Group and Golden Eagle Group, and recorded remarkable returns
from investment banking businesses, such as syndicated loans, M&A loans and structured financing. Hong
Kong Branch was among the members of the board of directors of Asia Pacific Loan Market Association
(APLMA) for the fifth consecutive year. In terms of size of syndicated loan projects in which it played as the
book runner and the leading bank, it ranked 12th in both Hong Kong and Macau, demonstrating the Bank’s
professionalism and market position in the syndicated loan sector.


     Capitalising on the strategic position of Hong Kong as an international financial centre, Hong Kong Branch
actively expanded its financial markets business. During the Reporting Period, Hong Kong Branch actively
developed bond investment and trading, agency business of foreign exchanges and derivatives, and achieved
higher returns. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total bond investments and agency trading volume
of Hong Kong Branch were HKD64,329 million and USD7,569 million, respectively. The bond issuance
business of Hong Kong Branch continued to grow. As at the end of the Reporting Period, in terms of the
number of Chinese-issued USD bonds underwritten, Hong Kong Branch ranked first among local Chinese
joint stock commercial banks1, reflecting the Bank’s significant brand influence and market position in the
overseas bond market. The custody business of Hong Kong Branch developed rapidly due to its efforts put
in cultivating local custody customer base and improving comprehensive service capabilities. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, assets under the custody of Hong Kong Branch amounted to HKD71,256 million,
representing an increase of 104.10% as compared with the end of the previous year, and Hong Kong Branch
ranked 2nd among local Chinese joint stock commercial banks in terms of size of assets under custody.


    During the Reporting Period, the personal banking business of Hong Kong Branch saw stable growth. The
personal wealth management business of Hong Kong Branch was positioned as a light-capital internet bank
offering services through online banking and mobile banking. Focusing on cross-border wealth management
business, Hong Kong Branch aimed to expand its market shares among mid- to high-end individual customer
groups and develop itself into a platform of the Bank to acquire and manage mid- to high-end customers.
With enhanced cross-border comprehensive financial service capabilities, it has become one of the few
Chinese joint-stock commercial banks with online fund management platform in the Hong Kong market.


    In the face of downward trend of interest rates, Hong Kong Branch strengthened liability cost control and
achieved a steady growth in net interest margin. As at the end of the Reporting Period, total assets of Hong
Kong Branch recorded HKD204,025 million, with net income amounting to HKD2,327 million, representing an
increase of 0.95% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. Of which, net interest
income was HKD1,976 million, representing an increase of 33.78% as compared with the corresponding
period of the previous year. Profit before income tax was HKD1,812 million, representing an increase of
21.12% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year.

1
    Source: Bloomberg
86    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(IX) Major equity investments and management of consolidated financial statements
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Bank had investments in subsidiaries of RMB7,381 million. For
details, please refer to the notes to the financial statements.


1. Minsheng Financial Leasing
    Minsheng Financial Leasing, one of the first five financial leasing companies with banking background
approved by the former CBRC, was established in April 2008 with a registered capital of RMB5,095 million.
54.96% equity interest of Minsheng Financial Leasing was held by the Bank. Minsheng Financial Leasing
mainly engages in financial leasing of vessels, commercial aircraft, business jets, vehicles, large-scale
equipment, etc., transfer and acquisition of lease assets, and investment of fixed income securities.


    During the Reporting Period, Minsheng Financial Leasing maintained growth in a prudent way and
achieved good results while fighting against COVID-19 pandemic. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
Minsheng Financial Leasing had total assets of RMB196,571 million and net assets of RMB19,729 million.
During the Reporting Period, it recorded operating income of RMB6,486 million, profit before allowance of
RMB3,430 million and net profit of RMB1,052 million.


    During the Reporting Period, by actively implementing the strategy of the Group and capitalising on
the Group’s advantages, Minsheng Financial Leasing served the development of the Group and provided
comprehensive financial services to customers. Facing the negative impacts of the pandemic, Minsheng
Financial Leasing actively followed the national policy to support the development of small and micro
enterprises and provided professional and distinctive financial leasing services for over 138 thousand small
and medium car owners, making active contribution to securing employment, protecting livelihoods and
benefiting enterprises and the people. In active response to the new development paradigm with domestic
and international circulations reinforcing each other, it expanded the scale of domestic leasing assets, and
assisted manufacturers to resume work and production. It further strengthened its comprehensive risk
management, optimised risk management and control system and improved relevant capabilities in order to
enhance its asset quality, improve risk resilience and maintain stable and sustainable development.


2. Minsheng Royal Fund
    Minsheng Royal Fund is a Sino-Foreign fund management joint venture established in November 2008
under the approval of the CSRC, with a registered capital of RMB300 million. 63.33% equity interest of
Minsheng Royal Fund was held by the Bank. Minsheng Royal Fund mainly engages in fund raising, fund
sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, Minsheng Royal Fund had total assets of RMB2,471 million and
net assets of RMB1,311 million. During the Reporting Period, it recorded net profit of RMB222 million. A
total of 80 public funds were managed by Minsheng Royal Fund with total funds of RMB172,136 million
under its management, representing an increase of 15.65% as compared with the end of the previous year.
Of which, non-monetary public funds under its management reached RMB150,880 million, representing an
increase of 44.99% as compared with the end of the previous year. Minsheng Royal Fund also managed 63
private equity management plans with a management scale of RMB29,349 million.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    87


                            DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The performance of medium- and long-term investments of Minsheng Royal Fund was remarkable. As
at the end of the Reporting Period, Minsheng Royal Fund ranked 7th out of 93 funds in terms of the active
management capacity for three-year-term stock investment and ranked 22nd out of 88 funds in terms of the
active management capacity for three-year-term bond investment. It also ranked 4th out of 80 funds in terms
of the active management capacity for five-year-term stock investment and ranked 13th out of 63 funds
in terms of the active management capacity for five-year-term bond investment2. With such outstanding
results, Minsheng Royal Fund has won 20 “Golden Bull Awards (金牛獎)” in recent eight years, gaining high
recognition by the investors and the industry on its investment capacities and overall strengths.


    Minsheng Royal Fund initiated and established Minsheng Royal Asset Management on 24 January 2013,
and currently holds 51.00% equity interest in it. Minsheng Royal Asset Management’s registered capital
is RMB668 million, and the scope of business includes specific customer asset management and other
businesses permitted by the CSRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, assets managed by Minsheng
Royal Asset Management amounted to RMB36,111 million.


3. CMBC International
    CMBC International is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank established on 11 February 2015 in Hong
Kong under the approval of the former CBRC, with a registered capital of HKD3 billion. The principal business
of CMBC International includes sponsorship of listing in Hong Kong, financial advisory on merger, acquisition
and restructuring, underwriting and issuance of bonds, asset management and wealth management, stock
brokerage, direct investment and structured finance. CMBC International is an important and strategic
platform for the comprehensive development and international expansion of the Bank.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, CMBC International had total assets and total liabilities of
HKD27,076 million and HKD22,229 million, respectively. Net assets amounted to HKD4,846 million, of which
equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank was HKD3,887 million. During the Reporting Period,
net profit of CMBC International amounted to HKD573 million, of which net profit attributable to the Bank
was HKD418 million, representing an increase of 12.67% as compared with the corresponding period of the
previous year.


    During the Reporting Period, through adhering to the “One Minsheng” (一個民生) strategy and
strengthening business synergy, CMBC International further optimised the structures of products and
customers of investment and financing business to overcome the impacts of the pandemic and fluctuations
in the capital market. Great efforts were made to consolidate and increase revenues and market positions
in terms of investment banking and asset management businesses in a comprehensive manner. During the
Reporting Period, CMBC International completed two IPO sponsorship projects and participated in 17 new
share underwriting projects on the Main Board of the SEHK and completed 121 Chinese-issued USD bond
underwriting projects, maintaining a comparative advantage among peers. CMBC International increased the
investment in and application of fintech and developed “Min Yin Tong” (民銀通) and “Min Yin Niu” (民銀牛)
APPs, to provide brand new experience of one-stop online services to institutional customers and individual
customers.

2
    Source: Fund Research Centre of China Galaxy Securities
88    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



4. Minsheng rural banks
    Minsheng rural banks (collectively referred to as “rural banks”) are the rural banks initiated and
established by the Bank as a major promoter. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Bank established a
total of 29 rural banks with 85 business outlets. Total assets, total loans and total deposits of the rural banks
amounted to RMB37,766 million, RMB22,613 million and RMB31,185 million, respectively, representing an
increase of RMB2,456 million, RMB2,385 million and RMB1,817 million as compared with the end of the
previous year, respectively. Net profit amounted to RMB139 million during the Reporting Period.


    During the Reporting Period, the Bank adopted measures in compliance with the relevant requirements of
the Board to maintain “effective risk control, steady business development and orderly internal management”
to encourage the rural banks to focus on their original functions and positioning in strict compliance with
regulations and laws, support the rural revitalisation strategy, and sincerely serve the “rural areas, agriculture
and farmers”, small business finance as well as residents in communities. All rural banks were committed to
exploring local markets and improving service quality to constantly explore a business model of sustainable
development. The rural banks have become important platforms of the Bank to perform social responsibilities
and effectively expand brand and service coverage to county areas, and have received satisfactory response
from customers, peers, the governments and the public.


    During the Reporting Period, strictly in compliance with the regulatory requirements, the Bank performed
its duties as the major promoter to further optimise the management system and mechanism of rural
banks and improve functions of their IT systems, so as to strengthen management assistance and service
guarantee. The Bank also promoted the rural banks to improve party building, corporate governance, business
development, risk management, compliant operations, and team building. Furthermore, the Bank urged and
assisted key rural banks to accelerate disposal of problem assets, replenished capital of relevant rural banks
and helped enhance their profitability, so as to facilitate healthy and sustainable development of rural banks.


    In order to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, all rural banks, while ensuring the safety of the
personnel and business outlets, actively responded to the requirements of the government and the regulatory
authorities by taking measures to increase credit granting, renew loans, defer repayments and reduce and
exempt interests. During the year, total loans to micro, small and medium enterprises and customers in
relation to “rural areas, agriculture and farmers” amounted to nearly RMB10 billion, and funds and goods
were donated to help customers resume work and production and overcome difficulties. The rural banks
performed their social responsibilities through practical actions and lived out their long aspired mission.


5. Consolidated structured entities
    Consolidated structured entities are mainly principal guaranteed wealth management products sponsored
and managed by the Group. The Group has guaranteed the investor’s principal investment, regardless of their
actual performance. Investments made by these products and the corresponding liabilities to the investors
of these products are presented in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and deposits from
customers, respectively.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    89


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



6. Consolidated management
    During the Reporting Period, the Bank focused on its strategic position as “a bank of comprehensive
services” and adhered to its “One Minsheng” strategy. Through further strengthening the consolidated
management of the Group, the synergy effect of the Group was gradually enhanced.


    The Board strengthened the normalised supervision mechanism of consolidated management, conducted
the full-process management of the annual work plan of relevant consolidated management, and focused
on strengthening the quarterly supervision and notification on the implementation of the plan, urging
the related departments of the Head Office to comply with the regulatory requirements and improve the
performance of consolidated management. The Board also optimised the consolidated management system
of the Group by improving the functions of risk management and liquidity risk management, so as to further
strengthen the system supports for consolidated management regarding business segments and lines. Based
on the regulatory requirements and actual situation of the Bank, the Bank further enhanced the corporate
governance and management of subsidiaries in terms of risk, capital, business synergy, internal transactions
and other matters. The Bank also formulated and refined relevant rules and regulations, conducted special
audits and on-site inspections and researches, and strengthened professional guidance and training, so as to
enrich intensive management model of subsidiaries. The width and depth of consolidated management were
expanded to improve the efficiency of group-oriented management.


XII. Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic and Major Countermeasures
    During the Reporting Period, in the face of the impact brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank
resolutely implemented the decisions and deployments by the CPC Central Committee and the State Council
and complied with the related regulatory requirements. In strict accordance with the national policies
on ensuring stability on the six fronts and security in six areas, the Bank coordinated tasks of pandemic
prevention and control with financial services, supported the resumption of work and production, reduced
and exempted interest charges, and enhanced capability to serve the real economy, so as to fulfill its social
responsibilities.


    Various measures were taken to secure financial services. The Bank formulated regulations for
the prevention and control of the pandemic at business units and carried out sterilisation and disinfection
measures to ensure the safety of customers, the security of operation and the orderly resumption of work.
The Bank enhanced the coordination of channel services, improved mobile banking APPs and enriched online
products, optimised zero-contact business procedures and strengthened the integrated operation of online
and offline services. The Bank also enhanced online business and upgraded the online service platform
of “Fortune e Store (財富e棧)”. More online service functions were introduced, including remote services
for transfer and remittance, wealth management enquiry and referral, authorisation of payment, change of
password, change of information and online loan application, to satisfy customers’ demands.


   More credit supports have been given to the sectors of pandemic prevention and treatment.
The Bank continued to improve the approval services by improving approval efficiency through remote
due diligence and online approval, and rapidly supported the companies on the front line of combating the
90    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



pandemic through green channels, so as to strongly support customers to resume work and production.
The Bank increased credit support for key enterprises involved in prevention and control of the pandemic,
ranging from health care, pharmaceutical manufacturing and procurement, public health infrastructure, public
utilities, supermarkets and logistics. The Bank also introduced special assistance solutions targeting key
areas and key industries that were significantly affected by the pandemic, including financing support to
the seriously affected strategic customers at head office level and special credit support to the enterprises
participating in the prevention and control of the pandemic. Favourable loan pricing policies for enterprises in
the white namelist for pandemic prevention was formulated to fully support the production and operation of
key enterprises engaged in pandemic prevention, to whom the Bank has granted a total of RMB68.2 billion
new loans. RMB3.79 billion inter-bank negotiable certificates of deposit (IBNCD) specifically for pandemic
prevention was issued, which strongly supported loan extension to regions hit hard by the pandemic.


     Inclusive financial services were improved to support the pandemic prevention and control.
Targeted products and exclusive services were introduced, including adjusting maturities of certain personal
time deposits. In cooperation with insurance companies, the Bank launched customer care campaigns.
For customers engaged in medicare, the Bank introduced exclusive wealth management solutions and
Minsheng Medicare Credit Cards with various privileges. For medicare workers, soldiers and government
officers participating in the pandemic prevention and control, the Bank introduced new favourable interest
rates for consumer loans. For small and micro business owners and self-employed business owners, the
Bank provided diversified installment plans for Minsheng Inclusive Small Business Credit Card as well as
differentiated preferable interest rates. The Bank actively reached out to the small and micro enterprises
in key sectors including medicare and pandemic prevention, healthcare protection, protection of people’s
livelihood, and manufacturing, and opened green channels to satisfy their credit needs, in an effort to
alleviate their financial burden and assist them in fighting against the pandemic. In response to the national
policies to boost consumption, the Bank launched a credit card promotion campaign of “616 Dining Coupon
(全民616千家美食千萬禮券)” to give out discounts and subsidies of thousands of well-known food and drink
merchants on fresh food e-commerce platforms.


    The Bank helped customers in difficulties and benefited the real economy. For the customers
in temporary difficulties due to the pandemic, the Bank assisted the pandemic-stricken enterprises and
individuals to overcome difficulties through different measures, including deferring repayment, reducing
or exempting interests and overdue penalty, cutting loan interest rates and protecting credit record. The
Bank formulated and executed the action plan known as “ Fight against pandemic, Safeguard Growth－
Nine Measures to Support the SMEs” to increase credit facilities to the manufacturing industry and SMEs.
The Bank actively deferred repayment of principal and interest for enterprises in temporary difficulties in
production and operation but with development potential, and took a host of measures to help enterprises
resume work and production. More resources of inclusive finance were allocated to help small and micro
enterprises in difficulties. The Bank also launched a customer care campaign of “Joined Hands to Overcome
Difficulty (守望相助共克時艱)”, and carried out online re-visits to over 300 thousand small and micro
merchants. Differentiated services under the policy of “One account one policy” were introduced as well.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     91


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    The Bank actively made donations to facilitate the fight against the pandemic. At the beginning
of the pandemic, the Bank donated RMB50 million for medical supplies purchasing and relevant assistance
to Wuhan and other regions. At the same time, the Bank also initiated various donation drives nationwide.
During the Reporting Period, the Bank donated a total of RMB61,493.2 thousand for supporting pandemic
prevention and control.


XIII. Risk Management
     During the Reporting Period, the Bank adhered to its core risk management principle of “Tallying with
strategies and development, ensuring compliance and stable growth, and carrying out proactive and overall
risk management”. The Bank comprehensively followed the spirits and key requirements of CPC Central
Committee meetings, aligned itself with the national policies on industries, regions and finance, and met the
macro-prudent regulatory requirements, so as to further consolidate the risk management basis and uphold
risk management duties of three lines of defense. While embracing the goals to support the real economy,
prevent systemic risks, enhance capital efficiency and create value, the Bank built up a compliant, sound
and efficient risk management system which ensured stable asset quality, healthy asset structure and zero
systemic and regional risks, so as to assist the quality development of the Bank. During the Reporting Period,
the Bank won the “Achievement in Enterprise Risk Management Award (全面風險管理成就獎)” by The Asian
Banker .

(I) Credit risk
    Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or a counterparty defaults in making repayments in a timely manner
in full amount for whatever reasons. A platform consisting of credit policies, portfolio management and risk
measurement tools has been established by the Bank to control risks and support the strategic business
transformation. The risk management system covers the whole process including pre-approval investigation,
approval review, post-loan management, collection and preservation of assets. Credit risks of loans extension
and non-credit business are also strictly controlled.


    Firstly, the Bank strengthened the coordinated credit risk management by establishing Credit
Management Department as the leading department for credit risk management of the Bank. Secondly, the
Bank enhanced the leading role of credit policies. By strictly following the policy direction of the government
and economic and financial policies regarding the pandemic prevention and control, the Bank carried out
multi-dimension studies on macro-economy, industries and regions and optimised policy-based access
standards to industries through risk analysis and pre-judgement, so as to strongly support the customer
groups such as NSOEs, SMEs and small and micro enterprises. Thirdly, the Bank refined its portfolio
management and actively supported the real economy. The Bank continued to optimise its asset structure
through strengthening support to quality industries such as the advanced manufacturing industry, restricting
concentration of financing provided to high-risk industries, allocating more resources to quality and high-
potential customers, adjusting credit limit and reducing numbers of low-efficient customers, as well as
consolidating risk measurement and system basis for the formulation, monitoring and adjustment of portfolio
management indicators. Fourthly, the Bank took various measures to support business expansion of key
customer groups. Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the Bank duly performed its social responsibilities
92    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



by supporting companies on the frontline of combating the pandemic through increasing credit extension,
renewing loans, conducting remote due diligence and online approval as well as protecting credit record.
Fifthly, the Bank strictly controlled risk of new credit facilities and ensured continuous decline in the risk of
existing problem assets and the good quality of new credit assets. By innovating and optimising the credit
supporting means for SME customers in the manufacturing industry, the Bank consolidated the integration
between the credit system of the Bank and the ERP system of enterprises and information exchange.
By virtue of trading scenarios, big data analysis and system management and control, the Bank provided
unsecured loans to SMEs along the supply chains. The digital and intelligent transformation of assessment
and approval witnessed preliminary achievements. With supply chain finance as the breakthrough, the
Bank actively carried out digital assessment, and made preliminary achievements in further application of
big data in automobile, pharmaceuticals and home appliances and 3C industries by establishing a big data
analysis platform with real-time monitoring. The Bank also established the “Digital Assessment Innovation
Lab” to widen the scope of the application to more fields such as energy, real estate and inter-bank
business. Sixthly, the Bank further optimised post-loan and post-investment management rules, refined the
management system and mechanism, examining risk exposures of key industries, institutions, customers
and products, and took effective response measures accordingly. The Bank further refined the post-loan
and post-investment management of existing credit and promoted the implementation of post-loan and
post-investment management mechanism. Seventhly, the Bank continued to improve the efficiency and
effectiveness of early-warning management. The “Sky Eye (天眼)” system, a proactive risk monitoring and
early-warning system for retail business, continued to be operated and improved based on the principle
of “model-driven, classified management, early-warning, active exit and effective transmission. The Bank
accelerated the promotion of monitoring and early-warning system for corporate business based on the
big data-driven model, which was featured with centralised management by the Head Office and synergy
between the Head Office and branches. The effectiveness of risk early-warning management within the
Bank was improved, which was reflected by the continuous improvement on the timeliness, effectiveness
and accuracy of risk early-warning. Eighthly, the collection of non-performing assets made notable progress.
By further optimising the management mechanism of collection and disposal, innovating disposal methods,
adopting centralised collection and strengthening supervision and execution, the management was further
enhanced with application of various approaches, such as repayment collection, transfer, repossession,
litigation and writing-off, in the process of collection and disposal. Ninthly, the risk management tools were
further upgraded. The Bank continued to optimise its big data-based and machine learning-based internal
rating system and continued to widely apply the customer-side RAROC in the management of customer
classification, risk policies, pricing of loans and performance appraisal, so as to further improve the customer-
centric mechanism for balancing risks and returns. By promoting the system construction of management
process on inter-bank credit risk and optimising the management rules and function modules of corporate
business system, the Bank established a unified credit management mechanism and system function for
the retail sector. In addition, stress testing and model verification were conducted continuously to assist the
management in making decision. Tenthly, the Bank implemented the fintech strategy and accelerated the
digital transformation of risk management by initiating the development plan of the intelligent risk control
system.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020     93


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(II) Market risk
    Market risk refers to the risk of adverse changes in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock
prices and commodity prices), inflicting losses in on- and off-balance sheet businesses of commercial banks.
The Bank manages its interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, stock price risk and commodity price risk in
accordance with the regulatory requirements and the rules of the Basel accords. The Bank continuously
improves its market risk management system in the areas of limit management, measurement, middle office
supervision, stress test and contingency management to cope with the increasingly volatile environment of
banking industry.


     During the Reporting Period, the Bank steadily elevated management efforts as follows to further
enhance the professional management of market risk. Firstly, the Bank constantly improved market risk
management system, strengthened management of on-balance sheet investments, off-balance sheet wealth
management and consolidated statement management and valuation management, and optimised market
risk management mechanism for bonds investment. Secondly, the Bank strove to perfect market risk limit
management system to ensure proper transmission of risk appetite throughout the year, while optimising and
strengthening daily monitoring to improve risk management. Thirdly, the Bank established an contingency
management mechanism for market risk to ensure timely response and orderly management in a turbulent
market and instant activation when the escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic, intertwined with the fall of
oil prices, triggered international financial market turmoil. Fourthly, the Bank made remarkable efforts to
facilitate the implementation of the new regulatory rules of FRTB so as to satisfy the regulatory compliance
requirements for the measurement of market risk capital while continuously optimising system functions.
Fifthly, the Bank reinforced the management of regulatory statistics for market risks and capital monitoring,
and realised the methodological integration of external regulatory reporting and internal capital assessment,
and quantified and distributed market risk capital to the operating units so as to strengthen capital restraint.
Sixthly, the Bank consolidated the foundation of market risk management and upgraded the data marts
and management systems for market risks, which were successfully applied in measurement, monitoring,
statistics and management. Seventhly, the Bank established a risk research and judgment mechanism to
continuously improve research and analysis capabilities, and conduct in-depth and forward-looking researches
on foreign currency denominated debts, local government debts, exchange rate risks, structured deposits,
etc.

(III) Operational risk
    Operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to deficient and flawed internal procedures, personnel and
IT system or external events. The major operational risk of the Bank comprises internal and external fraud,
employment system, safety of working places, and events related to customers, products and operation,
damages of tangible assets, interruption of business, paralysis of IT system and management of execution,
transfer and processes.


     During the Reporting Period, the Bank escalated targeted efforts in operational risk management as
follows to continuously improve operational risk management capability. Firstly, the Bank constantly improved
operational risk management system, increased monitoring and alerting efforts, improved the effectiveness
94    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



of applying the three major tools, and compiled the operational risk management manual. Secondly, the
Bank further optimised special contingency planning system and organised emergency drills for important
business, and compiled business continuity management manual to improve the integrity, effectiveness
and enforceability of business continuity management system. Thirdly, the Bank continuously strengthened
outsourcing risk management by standardising the risk management process, and conducting inspections and
trainings and exchanges of outsourcing risk on a regular basis.

(IV) Liquidity risk
    Liquidity risk refers to the risk of a commercial bank which is unable to obtain sufficient funds in a timely
manner or to cope with increase in assets or fulfill debt obligations at reasonable costs. The Bank continued
to improve its capability of identifying, measuring, monitoring, controlling and mitigating liquidity risks by
establishing a scientific organisational structure for liquidity risk management, delineating liquidity risk
management responsibilities and formulating effective liquidity management systems, processes, strategies
and policies.


     During the Reporting Period, in the face of unfavorable factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank
closely monitored the changes in economic and financial situation, monetary regulatory policies and market
liquidity, proactively strengthened analysis and judgment and risk early-warning, continuously advanced
forward-looking and refined management, vigorously promoted the optimisation of and adjustment to asset
and liability structure, and continuously improved the efficiency of capital allocation, as such, liquidity risks
was kept generally under control and major regulatory indexes for liquidity risks moved within reasonable
range. Specifically, first off, the Bank improved liquidity risk management system, enhanced the institutional
and system support, dynamically adjusted liquidity management strategies, and strengthened market forecast
and forward-looking liquidity arrangements. Secondly, it facilitated the monitoring and management of the
core elements of liquidity risks with effective dynamic monitoring and forecasting, so as to ensure that
the regulatory indicators meet the standards and remained at a reasonably sound level. Thirdly, it strove to
optimise asset and liability products and maturity structure, reinforced the management of short, medium
and long-term cash flow gaps, strictly limited the scale of short-term liabilities and actively attracted medium-
and long-term stable funds, so as to stabilise liability structure. Fourthly, it improved the management of the
scale and structure of quality liquidity assets and increased the reserves of quality liquidity assets, in order to
enhance liquidity contingency security under pressure. Fifthly, it strengthened the early-warning management
of liquidity risks, organised stress testing and emergency drills on a quarterly and irregular basis, and
increased support for the liquidity risk-related decision-making of the Bank.


(V) Country risk
    Country risk refers to the risk of borrower or debtor in a certain country or region failing or unwilling to
repay debts to banking financial institutions, or banking financial institutions suffering from commercial losses
in a country or region or incurring other losses due to economic, political and social changes and incidents in
such country or region. The Bank managed and controlled country risk through a series of management tools,
including evaluation and rating of country risk, setting country risk limit for the Bank and compiling statistics,
carrying out analysis and monitoring regarding country risk exposure.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020     95


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    During the Reporting Period, the Bank further improved country risk management system and refined
management. Firstly, the Management Plan for the Rating and Limit of Country Risk of China Minsheng Bank
for 2020 (《中國民生銀行2020年度國別風險評級與限額管理方案》                           ) was formulated and published, according
to which, the Bank carried out country risk rating and annual risk limit management for 202 countries and
regions in line with regulatory requirements, and adjusted the country risk ratings and limits for certain
countries or regions based on the daily monitoring results. Secondly, the Bank constantly monitored the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the politics and economy of countries, measured, supervised and
prepared reports on country risk in a timely manner, and monitored the limit control, the distribution of
country risk exposures and public sentiment to major country risks. Thirdly, the Bank completed the annual
country risk stress test to measure the country risk losses incurred under changes of ratings of different
countries. Fourthly, the Bank prepared country risk analysis report on the U.S. obligatory rights and long-
arm jurisdiction according to the regulatory requirements, and completed the country risk assessment for
cross-border institutions. Fifthly, the Bank strengthened the management of country risk reserves, promoted
the application of such reserves in management accounting, and made monthly provision for country risks.
Sixthly, the Bank vigorously promoted the establishment of the IT system for country risk management.
The country risk exposures of the Bank are mainly in countries and regions with“ low” and“ relatively low”
country risk ratings, staying at a relatively low level.


(VI) Interest rate risk in banking book
    Interest rate risk in banking book refers to the adverse changes in the level of interest rate, term
structure and other factors which lead to loss on the economic value and overall revenue of banking book,
primarily caused by the mismatch of the maturity profiles and benchmark rates between financial positions
and instruments of the whole banking book as well as embedded options. It can be classified into gap risk,
benchmark risk and option risk according to the risk categories.


     During the Reporting Period, firstly, the Bank optimised the governance structure of interest rate risk
in banking book and continued to improve internal management system, mechanism and procedures.
Secondly, the Bank strengthened daily monitoring of interest rate-sensitive financial assets, repricing gaps of
liabilities as well as repricing term. Gap analysis, duration analysis, scenario analysis, stress testing and other
approaches were comprehensively adopted to analyse and monitor the interest rate risk in banking book.
Thirdly, the Bank managed structural factors of interest rate risk in banking book and continued to strengthen
the management and control of maturity mismatch, investment accounts, duration, valuation and other
aspects, so as to improve refined risk management capability and to ensure regulatory indicators and risk
level of interest rate risk in banking book at a steady level. Fourthly, the Bank promoted the establishment of
asset and liability management system to dynamically evaluate, verify and update relevant management tools
and models and thus effectively improve system support in respect of interest rate risk in banking book.


(VII) Reputation risk
   Reputation risk management refers to the establishment and improvement of reputation risk management
mechanisms, proactive prevention and control of risk and elimination of adverse impacts through daily
management of reputation risk and proper handling of incidents of reputation risk and adoption of various
96    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



methods, so as to minimise the losses and negative public perceptions and achieve the overall objectives of
reputation risk management. The Bank has regarded reputation risk management as one of its major tasks for
ensuring normal operation, promoting favourable public opinion, maintaining good image in the industry and
performing the responsibilities of a corporate citizen.


    During the Reporting Period, the Bank put great emphasis on reputation risk management to fully
implement the Guidelines for the Management of Reputation Risk of Commercial Banks (        《商業銀行聲譽風
險管理指引》      ) and the Administrative Measures on Reputation Risk of China Minsheng Bank (       《中國民生銀
行聲譽風險管理辦法》           ). The Bank refined management mechanism, improved handling efficiency, promoted
community-level training and enhanced its reputation to create a favourable public environment for the
business development of the Bank. Firstly, the Bank promptly evaluated potential threat of risk contagion to
predict potential public opinion risks, deploy special monitoring, and formulate plans in advance. Secondly,
the Bank enhanced multi-level trainings on reputation risk management to consolidate the foundation of
management. Thirdly, the Bank actively publicised its contribution to and achievements in innovating business
development, supporting the real economy and NSOEs, assisting the fight against the pandemic and work
resumption, lowering fees and surcharges, providing financial services, fulfilling social responsibilities and
other aspects.


(VIII) Information technology risk
    Information technology risk refers to the operational, legal and reputation risk and other risks due to
natural factors, human factors, technical flaws and management defects in relation to the application of
information technology in a commercial bank.


     During the Reporting Period, the Bank implemented IT risk management in all areas, including IT
governance, information system development and maintenance and information security, and continued to
improve IT risk management and promote business development. Firstly, based on the arrangements of
Strategic Development Plan for Fintech of China Minsheng Bank (2019-2022) (        《中國民生銀行科技金融戰略
發展規劃(2019-2022)》        ), the Bank promoted its digital transformation and continued to optimise the systems
and mechanisms of IT governance and make improvements on them. Secondly, the Bank promoted the
upgrading of system structure to facilitate the successful development and stable operation of distributed
core system and enhance risk management and control in the process of system research and development,
so as to provide customers with ultimate experience. Thirdly, the Bank consolidated the construction of
data center infrastructure, improved the disaster recovery system and optimised response procedures of
changes and events, so as to reduce service interruption risk of IT system. Fourthly, the Bank strengthened
the development of information security defense system, improved cyber-security protection and refined the
protection mechanism of customer information security. Fifthly, the Bank intensified the scope and depth of
assessing IT risks, put more efforts to supervise the rectification of problems in relation to technology risks,
and continued to improve the identification, monitoring and control of IT risks. Sixthly, with the focus on
risks of key areas, the Bank conducted screenings of customer information security, the data quality of off-
site reporting of IT risks to the CBIRC, IT outsourcing, etc.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     97


                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



(IX) Internal control, compliance and anti-money laundering
    During the Reporting Period, according to reform and development deployments, the Bank continued to
consolidate the management foundation and optimise management mechanism of the internal control and
compliance work. Special activities of “Rectification Year in Compliance with Laws and Regulations (依法合規
整改年)” were launched to comprehensively improve the effectiveness of anti-money laundering and reshape
the culture of internal control and compliance. All these actions achieved remarkable results. Firstly, the
Bank continued to conduct special tasks to improve regulatory assessment, and fruitful results have been
achieved. In 2019, CBIRC’s assessment, PBOC’s comprehensive rating, and ratings on anti-money laundering
and foreign currency have all been improved. Secondly, the Bank reshaped the culture of internal control and
compliance and conducted educational activities including mandatory compliance trainings for all employees
to firmly establish the concept of “compliant operation is the core competitiveness” among employees.
Thirdly, the Bank formulated and implemented the policy-making plan for 2020. Aligning internal practice
with external regulations, the Bank improved policies of Head Office that had been issued for over 5 years
or on trial run for over 2 years, and refined policy systems to promote compliant operation and management.
Fourthly, with an aim to highlight the management and control of compliance risk from the origin, the
Bank standardised and strengthened compliance inspection, published guidance for policy inspection and
optimised and post-supervised the compliance management mechanism of system development. Fifthly, the
Bank improved the mechanism of related party transactions management. It established and implemented
the procedures of reporting to directors, supervisors and senior management and regulators, carried out
compliance supervision of related party transactions, and launched related party transaction management
system, so as to further refine the professional management of related party transactions. Sixthly, the Bank
improved the mechanism of case prevention. It publicised the prevention of illegal fund-raising, strengthened
the prevention and control of case risks of tier-two branches, standardised the management and reporting
of cases, and improved handling and supervision of major cases, so as to steadily advance the prevention
and control of case (risks). Seventhly, the Bank strengthened the regulation of its employees’ behaviours
by implementing the code of conduct for employees and crime prevention guidelines, completing behaviour
assessment of employees and large-scale misconduct screening. A behaviour monitoring system has
been developed and launched for employees, and a regular misconduct monitoring mechanism has been
established. Eighthly, the Bank improved the standardisation and professionalism of compliance inspections.
It carried out compliance inspections in areas of highlighted regulatory concerns and key internal control
issues and implemented special regulatory governance, to continuously improve and strengthen compliance
supervision. Ninthly, the Bank launched special activities of “Rectification Year in Compliance with Laws and
Regulations (依法合規整改年)” to clarify rectification standards, improve rectification mechanism, and advance
effective rectifications of problems identified in internal and external inspections, so as to enhance internal
control and compliance management. Tenthly, the Bank adjusted and optimised the compliance accountability
mechanism, improved the mechanism of responsibility determination, implemented the accountability
tracking mechanism for business units, and promoted the establishment of the management mechanism
of duty performance and accountability exemption, so as to standardise accountability management,
strengthen accountability, and enhance and consolidate compliant operation awareness. Eleventhly, the Bank
strengthened appraisal and evaluation by setting up appraisal indicators of the Head Office and revising rules
for compliance appraisal of business units and promoting business units to refine appraisal system, giving
98    China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



full play to the role of appraisal and evaluation in enhancing internal control and compliance management.
Twelfthly, the Bank strengthened technology empowerment and advance development of internal control and
compliance system, which contributed to a higher level of informatisation in internal control and compliance
management. Thirteenthly, the Bank took active measures to effectively communicate regulatory policies of
the pandemic prevention and control and implement the regulatory requirements, so as to ensure compliant
operations in financially assisting the prevention and control of the pandemic.


     In respect of anti-money laundering management, with the implementation of anti-money laundering
regulatory requirements of “give priority to risks (風險為本)”, the Bank fulfilled its legal obligations and social
responsibilities in respect of anti-money laundering. During the Reporting Period, the Bank carried out key
tasks including comprehensively improving the effectiveness of anti-money laundering, and further improved
the management system for money laundering risk, so as to enhance the quality and effectiveness of anti-
money laundering. Firstly, regulatory rating on anti-money laundering of the Bank as a legal person and
its branches witnessed comprehensive improvements. Several tier-one branches ranked top in ratings on
anti-money laundering by local regulators. Secondly, the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and
the Senior Management of the Bank continued to strengthen duty performance in anti-money laundering,
and strengthened duty performance in anti-money laundering from chief executives. Thirdly, the Bank
improved the allocation of resources for anti-money laundering and the Anti-money Laundering Management
Department (a tier-two department) of the Head Office expanded its manpower. The Bank set up positions
specialised for anti-money laundering at business departments and established anti-money laundering
centres at all tier-one branches. The number of employees specialised for anti-money laundering in the Bank
increased significantly. Fourthly, the Bank pushed forward the effectiveness advancement project for anti-
money laundering. By carrying out five special tasks respectively to enhance inspection and rectification,
improve internal control system, strengthen the responsibility performance, enhance technology capability
and establish a professional anti-money laundering team, the Bank managed to further improve the
effectiveness of anti-money laundering management. Fifthly, the Bank optimised the system and standards
of money laundering risk assessment, carried out the trial assessment and intensified the application
of assessment results. Sixthly, the Bank comprehensively intensified anti-money laundering inspection
and the audit management. There were three lines of defense for anti-money laundering management:
the first line was responsible for proactive self-inspection on anti-money laundering, the second line was
responsible for on-site inspections and regular off-site inspections on anti-money laundering, and the third
line was responsible for special audits of anti-money laundering bankwide. Seventhly, the Bank extensively
strengthened the identification management of customers, achieved the goal of data governance of existing
customers and comprehensively improved and emphasised the rating system for money laundering risk
of customers. Eighthly, the Bank further enhanced professional management of anti-money laundering
monitoring, and established the quality inspection and management and control mechanism of suspicious
transaction report in respect of anti-money laundering. It strengthened the application of analysis results
of anti-money laundering monitoring. With focus on key areas in relation to gambling, fraud and tax, the
Bank assisted competent authorities in uncovering crimes in several major cases. Ninthly, the Bank pushed
forward in-depth screenings on money laundering risk of employees’ accounts to enhance employees’
compliance awareness in using their accounts. Tenthly, the Bank further promoted the publicity and education
activities of anti-money laundering and organised qualification authentication of anti-money laundering for
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    99


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



the banking industry and the Bank. Accordingly, qualified anti-money laundering talent pool had been further
expanded. In addition, the Bank launched the “ Competition for Publicising Anti-money Laundering via Tik
Tok by Minsheng Bank (民生銀行反洗錢抖音宣傳大賽)”, achieving effective social publicity. Eleventhly,
the Bank accelerated the pace of fintech empowerment by further promoting major projects including AI
development, optimisation of the function of customer risk rating and rules for suspicious transactions as
well as relocation of operation data base, with an aim to effectively improve the capability and technical level
of anti-money laundering system. Twelfthly, the Bank made every effort to improve anti-money laundering
during the pandemic. The contingency plan for anti-money laundering during the pandemic prevention and
control was formulated and implemented. The Bank actively reported the progress of anti-money laundering
during the pandemic, and conducted screenings to identify risks in relation to transactions of wild animals
and pandemic-related frauds.


XIV. Prospects and Measures
(I) Competition and development trend of the banking industry
    As the opening year of the 14th Five-Year Plan, 2021 is of particular importance to China in the process
of modernisation. Globally, as the world economy continues to be complex and the prospects of recovery
is unstable and unbalanced, various risks derived from the pandemic should not be neglected. In China,
although the foundation for economic recovery needs to be further consolidated and there are still many
risks and challenges standing in the way of development, the economic fundamentals that will sustain long-
term growth remain unchanged. China will act on the general principle of pursuing progress while ensuring
stability, adapt to the new development stage, implement the new development philosophy and create a new
development paradigm. With promoting quality development as the focus, deepening supply-side structural
reform as the major task and reform and innovation as the fundamental driving force, China will continue to
expand domestic demand, strengthen science and technology to provide strategic support for development
and pursue higher-level opening up. China will roll out its macro policies in a scientific and targeted approach
and strive to keep economic activities within appropriate ranges. These efforts will ensure a good start of the
14th Five-Year Plan.


     China will maintain continuity, stability and sustainability in its macro policies to alleviate difficulties
of market entities. It will maintain necessary policy support and avoid sharp turns, while strengthening
targeted, well-timed, and precise control on the basis of range-based control. China will enhance the quality,
efficiency and sustainability of its proactive fiscal policy, lower the government deficits and deficit-to-GDP
ratio. Government expenditures will be moderately increased and tax reduction policies will be refined
and implemented to expand effective investment. Prudent monetary policy will be more flexible, targeted,
reasonable and appropriate. Serving the real economy will be underscored as a national strategy while
liquidity will remain moderately ample. The financing difficulties of micro and small enterprises will be further
addressed. Financial support to key areas and weak points, such as science and technology innovation,
green development, rural revitalisation, etc., will be increased. China will optimise regulation over deposit
interest rates, further lower actual loan interest rate, and continue to guide the financial sector in benefiting
the real economy. China will strike a balance between promoting economic recovery and preventing risks,
maintain vigorous in disposals of non-performing assets in the banking industry, replenish capital for small
and medium-sized banks through multiple channels. Also, regulators will tighten efforts against business
monopolies, guard against unregulated expansion of capital, regulate financial innovation, further urge all the
stakeholders to take up duties and address drawbacks in the regulatory system.
100 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



     In 2021, under the environment of tightening credit policy and stabilising currency, credit scale of the
banking industry is expected to maintain steady growth. Focusing on the credit policy direction of “supporting
innovation, increasing credit supply to small and micro enterprises, promoting green finance, boosting retail,
stabilising infrastructure and reining in credit supply to real estate”, the banking industry will put every effort
to contribute to a new development paradigm. Net interest margin in the industry is estimated to maintain
stable in general. Competitive edges of banks with leading businesses, strong capability to price asset risks
and stable core liabilities will be further demonstrated. Under the domestic environment with economic
recovery, non-performing assets of the banking industry will see significant improvements in general and
business growth will be expanded. At the same time, under the background of deepening financial supply-
side structural reform and differentiated regulation which is expected to persist, all institutions will identify
the common ground between its own strategic planning and that of the state. Based on their distinctive
positionings, professional operation and differentiated development, a multi-layer system of banking
institutions will be established gradually. In the face of rapid scientific and technological changes and fierce
cross-sector competitions, the banking industry will hold on to IT empowerment and value creation to further
foster driving forces in serving the new development paradigm and promoting quality development. They will
also endeavour to build powerful banks with advanced science and technology and digital banks to cultivate
new competitive advantages in the future. In addition, in order to achieve quality development and under the
guidance of enhancing operation efficiency, in 2021, banks will tend to refine internal mechanisms, innovate
organisational structure and accumulate growth potential. Through “establishing mechanism, strengthening
management, improving driving forces and optimising talent selection”, banks will improve their systems,
stimulate vitality, refine management and conduct healthy competition.


(II) Development strategy of the Bank
     In such a complex domestic and international economic and financial regulatory situation, adhering to
the mission of “From the People, For the People”, the Bank draws on its institutional and organisational
advantages as a non-state-owned bank to provide all-around comprehensive financial services for quality
large-sized NSOEs to bolster the healthy development of non-state-owned economies, aiming to become
the bank of choice of NSOE customers, especially to establish a golden brand in financial services for micro,
small and medium enterprises. The Bank implements all-round digital innovation and reform to realise
comprehensive digital transformation in the fields of customer service, marketing, risk control and internal
management, aiming to create an agile and efficient digital bank with ultimate customer experience. Taking
retail business as the key to the digital transformation, it strives to provide diversified services covering
all scenarios and enhance intelligent financial services, thus to realise a leap-forward development of retail
business. The Bank endeavours to establish a business synergy system featuring “One Minsheng” under
customer-centric philosophy. It gives full play to the function of subsidiaries as product platforms to realise
integrated and comprehensive services throughout the Group. By taking customers’ needs as the source
power of its development, it further integrates with customers and create value for them to achieve mutual
growth. The Bank comprehensively refines management, optimises procedures, improves management
mechanism, enhance organisational efficiency and build core competitiveness for quality development. It also
comprehensively reshapes risk compliance culture and enhances risk management capabilities to resolutely
followed the path of sound and sustainable development.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   101


                          DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



    In 2021, in the face of multiple challenges, such as the downward pressure of the macro-economy, the
complex and ever-changing international situation and the intensifying market competition, the Bank will
continue to deepen implementation of strategies, focus on the key areas of financial services and address
the functions of financial service. Shouldering the mission to serve the real economy and people’s livelihood,
the Bank will improve basic products and services to satisfy the basic needs of customers. Under the major
task of serving national strategies, the Bank will further increase financial support for NSOEs, small and micro
enterprises, advanced manufacturing, agriculture-related sectors and green credit. At the same time, firmly
adhering to the belief that “compliant operation is the core competitiveness”, the Bank will strictly guard
against the bottom line of compliance, continuously improve internal control and compliance system and
mechanism, and strengthen compliance culture. Through multiple approaches such as expanding customer
base, seeking innovation, focusing on key issues, adjusting structure, promoting transformation, controlling
risks, optimising appraisal and strengthening synergy, the Bank will continue to improve its capability to serve
the real economy, fuel its transformation towards organic development featuring high quality, high efficiency
and high dynamics, and strive to become a first-class commercial bank with distinctive features, continuous
innovation, increased value and stable operation.


(III) Potential risks
    Currently, the development of the COVID-19 pandemic and the external environment are clouded by
uncertainty, and the global economic situation remains complex and challenging, with various types of risks
deriving from the impact of the pandemic and the changes in international political and economic situation
which should not be ignored.


    First, there are risks arising from the uncertainty in the external environment. The global spread of the
pandemic is still accelerating, the developed economies are troubled with the second wave of the pandemic,
which is detrimental to the overall recovery of the global macro-economy. Although there have been some
breakthroughs in vaccine research and development, there are still uncertainties about the pace and scope of
vaccination, in which some of the emerging economies may lag behind, which will in turn increase country
risks. Uncertainty about external demand and recovery of supply will increase the risks in foreign trade.
Second, there are risks arising from the uncertainty in the domestic environment. China’s macroeconomic
recovery is still hindered by unsynchronised and unbalanced development, with slower recovery in sectors
such as wholesale and retail, transportation, warehousing and postal service, accommodation and catering,
leasing and commercial services, whereby the recovery of consumption is slower than that of investment
and exports, recovery of offline consumption is slower than online consumption, and some enterprises still
face significant operating pressure, which will bring potential pressure on the asset quality of commercial
banks. Third, there are risks arising from the uncertainty in the financial markets. As the domestic economy
gradually recovers, the special macro policies introduced during the pandemic are expected to be withdrawn
in an orderly manner, which will have a broad impact on interbank market liquidity and market interest
rate movements, thus bringing pressure on market risk management. Fourth, management of operational
and compliance risks is facing challenges. With the continuous integration of technology and finance and
rapid development of online banking business, fraudulent behaviours have become swifter and more
hidden, which will increase the difficulty in banks’ identification and management of operational risks. The
international situation of anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing remains challenging, and with the
102 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON BUSINESS OPERATION



tightening regulatory standards for anti-money laundering at home and abroad, commercial banks’ anti-money
laundering efforts also face many challenges. Fifth, IT risk management is also facing challenges. As the
digital transformation of banks accelerates with their business processes going online and becoming more
intelligent, more stringent requirements for IT security and personal information protection are expected.


    In the face of the new situation, the Bank will resolutely carry out the decisions and deployments of
the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the regulatory authorities, insist on pursuing progress
while ensuring stability, put risk prevention and control in a more important position, and continue to support
the development of the real economy. It will also adhere to the risk culture with the belief that “compliant
operation is the core competitiveness” and continuously improve management capabilities of all risks, so as
to ensure the sound and orderly business development.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020          103


       CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS

I. Ordinary Shares
(I) Changes in ordinary shares

                                                                                      Changes over
                                                                                      the Reporting
                                                          31 December 2020                   Period          31 December 2019
                                                       Number of      Percentage        Number of         Number of      Percentage
                                                          shares              (%)          shares            shares              (%)

 I. Shares subject to restriction on sales                      ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
   1. State-owned shares                                        ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
   2. State-owned legal person shares                           ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
   3. Other domestic shares                                     ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
      Of which: Held by domestic legal person                   ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
                  Held by domestic natural person               ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
   4. Foreign investor shares                                   ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
      Of which: Held by overseas legal person                   ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
                  Held by overseas natural person               ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
 II. Shares not subject to restriction on sales     43,782,418,502           100.00             ─     43,782,418,502            100.00
   1. Ordinary shares in RMB                        35,462,123,213            81.00             ─     35,462,123,213             81.00
   2. Domestic listed foreign invested shares                   ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
   3. Overseas listed foreign invested shares        8,320,295,289            19.00             ─      8,320,295,289             19.00
   4. Others                                                    ─                ─              ─                 ─                 ─
 III. Total number of ordinary shares               43,782,418,502           100.00             ─     43,782,418,502            100.00


(II) Shares subject to restriction on sales and restrictions
    During the Reporting Period, no shareholder of the Company held shares subject to restriction on sales.


II. Sufficiency of Public Float
   According to the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, the
Company has maintained sufficient public float as stipulated under the Hong Kong Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period and as at the the latest practicable date before this report is published.


III. Issuance of Ordinary Shares
     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue new ordinary shares, and there were no changes
in the total number and structure of the ordinary shares.


    During the Reporting Period, the Company had no employee shares.
104 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



IV. Information on Preference Shares
(I) Issuance and listing of preference shares in the past three years
     For the purpose of improving capital structure of the Company, providing capital support to the
implementation of all strategies, improving capital adequacy ratio and promoting continuous development,
pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2016] No. 168) (銀監覆[2016]168號) and the
approval by the CSRC (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2019] No. 1158) (證監許可[2019]1158 號), the Company issued
preference shares (preference shares name: Minsheng Preference 1; code: 360037) in the amount of
200,000,000 shares to qualified investors on 15 October 2019 through a private offering in the domestic
market. The nominal value of the preference shares was RMB100 per share and the preference shares
were issued at par with a coupon rate of 4.38%, and the proceeds amounted at RMB20,000 million in total.
The net proceeds raised from the domestic preference shares issuance were approximately RMB19,970
million, after deduction of issuance expenses, all of which will be used for replenishment of the other tier
1 capital of the Company. The use of proceeds was as stated in the prospectus, details of which are set
out in the Special Report on Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds from 2019 Domestic Non-public Issuance
of Preference Shares of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (     《中國民生銀行股份有限公司2019年度境內非
公開發行優先股募集資金存放與實際使用情況專項報告》                            ) issued by the Company on 31 March 2020. On 24
October 2019, the Company completed the procedures for registration and depository with China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (Shanghai Branch) for the domestic non-public issuance of
200,000,000 preference shares, and shares were listed for sale on the SSE on 8 November 2019.


   For details of the issuance terms of the preference shares, please refer to the announcements of the
Company published on the website of the SSE, the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the
Company.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020       105


     CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(II) Number of holders of preference shares and particulars of shareholding
1. Offshore preference shares
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of holders of offshore preference shares (or nominees)
was 1. As at the end of the month prior to the disclosure date of this Annual Report (i.e. 28 February 2021),
the number of holders (or nominees) of the Company’s offshore preference shares was 1.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, particulars of shareholding of the top 10 holder(s) (or nominees) of
the Company’s offshore preference shares are set out as follows:

                                                                 Changes                                 Number of     Number of
                                                                 over the Shareholding     Number of shares subject        shares
                                   Type of       Class of       Reporting   percentage    shares held to restriction   pledged or
 Name of shareholder               shareholder   shares            Period           (%)        (share) on sales held    locked-up

                                   Overseas      Offshore
 The Bank of New York Depository    legal          preference
   (Nominees) Limited               person         shares             ─         100.00    71,950,000              ─     Unknown


Notes:

1.   The number of shares held by the offshore preference shareholder was recorded in accordance with the register of holders of
     offshore preference shares of the Company;

2.   As the preference shares were issued through private offering in offshore market, information of nominees of the allotted
     investors was recorded on the register of holders of the preference shares;

3.   The Company does not know if there is any related relationship or concerted action among the above holder of offshore
     preference shares and the top 10 shareholders of ordinary shares.
106 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



2. Domestic preference shares
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of holders of domestic preference shares (or
nominees) was 22. As at the end of the month prior to the disclosure date of this Annual Report (i.e. 28
February 2021), the number of holders (or nominees) of the Company’s domestic preference shares was 24.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, particulars of shareholding of holder(s) of domestic preference
shares of the Company with shareholding of 5% or more are set out as follows:

                                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                                          shares    Number of
                                                                      Changes over    Shareholding     Number of      subject to        shares
                                          Type of       Class of      the Reporting     percentage    shares held     restriction   pledged or
 Name of shareholder                      shareholder   shares               Period             (%)        (share) on sales held     locked-up

 Bosera Fund – ABC – Agricultural Bank    Others        Domestic         -2,900,000          13.55    27,100,000               ─           Nil
  of China Limited                                       preference
                                                         shares
 CCB Trust Co., Ltd. – “Qian Yuan –       Others        Domestic                 ─           10.00    20,000,000               ─           Nil
  Ri Xin Yue Yi” Open-Ended Wealth                       preference
  Management Single Fund Trust                           shares
 Bosera Fund – ICBC – Bosera – ICBC       Others        Domestic                 ─           10.00    20,000,000               ─           Nil
  – Flexible Allocation No. 5 Specific                   preference
  Multi- Customer Assets Management                      shares
  Plan
 China Post & Capital Fund – Huaxia       Others        Domestic                 ─            9.00    18,000,000               ─           Nil
  Bank – Huaxia Bank Co., Ltd.                           preference
                                                         shares
 Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance    Others        Domestic                 ─            7.00    14,000,000               ─           Nil
   Company of China, Ltd. – Traditional                  preference
   – General Insurance Product                           shares
 China Life Insurance Company Limited     Others        Domestic                 ─            5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
  – Traditional – General Insurance                      preference
  Product – 005L – CT001SH                               shares
 Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance    Others        Domestic                 ─            5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
   Company of China, Ltd. – Self-                        preference
   Owned Funds                                           shares
 Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd. –       Others        Domestic                 ─            5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
   Traditional – General Insurance                       preference
   Product – 022L – CT001SH                              shares
 China Resources SZITIC Trust Co., Ltd.   Others        Domestic                 ─            5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
  – China Resources Trust·Hui Cui No.                    preference
  1 Single Fund Trust                                    shares
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020       107


     CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                                     shares    Number of
                                                                 Changes over    Shareholding     Number of      subject to        shares
                                     Type of       Class of      the Reporting     percentage    shares held     restriction   pledged or
 Name of shareholder                 shareholder   shares               Period             (%)        (share) on sales held     locked-up

 Guotai Junan Securities Asset       Others        Domestic         10,000,000           5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
  Management – Futong·Rixin H14001                  preference
  RMB Wealth Management Product                     shares
  – Guojun Asset Management
  0638 Targeted Asset Management
  Contract
 BOCOM Schroder Asset Management     Others        Domestic          4,400,000           5.00    10,000,000               ─           Nil
  – BOCOM – BOCOM Schroder                          preference
  Asset Management Zhuoyuan No. 2                   shares
  Collective Asset Management Plan


Notes:

1.   The number of shares held by the domestic preference shareholder was recorded in accordance with the register of holders
     of domestic preference shares of the Company;

2.   There was related relationship between “Bosera Fund – ABC – Agricultural Bank of China Limited” and “Bosera Fund – ICBC
     – Bosera – ICBC – Flexible Allocation No. 5 Specific Multi-Customer Assets Management Plan”; there was related relationship
     between “Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Traditional – General Insurance Product” and “Ping
     An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China, Ltd. – Self-Owned Funds”. Save as disclosed above, the Company does
     not know if there is any related relationship or concerted action among the above holders of domestic preference shares or
     among the above holders of domestic preference shares and the top 10 shareholders of ordinary shares;

3.   Shareholding percentage refers to the number of shares held by the holders of domestic preference shares as a percentage of
     the total number of domestic preference shares of the Company.


(III) Distribution of dividends of preference shares
    The dividend of the preference shares of the Company was payable in cash on an annual basis. Any
fraction of dividends not paid to holders of preference shares will not be accumulated to the following
dividend year. The holders of preference shares will receive dividends at the agreed coupon rate, and they
shall not be entitled to participate in the distribution of remaining profit with ordinary shareholders.


1. Offshore preference shares
    Pursuant to the resolution and authorisation passed at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2016,
the first A share class meeting for 2016 and the first H share class meeting for 2016, the profit distribution
plan for the offshore preference shares was considered and approved at the third meeting of the eighth
session of the Board on 30 November 2020. According to the relevant terms of offshore preference shares,
the annual dividend rate of offshore preference shares shall be 4.95%. According to relevant PRC laws and
regulations, when the Company distributes dividends of the offshore preference shares, it shall withhold and
pay income tax at the rate of 10%. According to the relevant requirements of the terms and conditions of the
Company’s offshore preference shares, the Company shall bear such tax as a component of the dividends of
108 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



the offshore preference shares. The Company distributed dividends of USD79,145,000 (tax inclusive) to the
holders of the Company’s offshore preference shares whose names appeared on the register of members
on the record date on 14 December 2020. The aforementioned dividends of the offshore preference shares
amount to approximately RMB520,631,639 (tax inclusive) based on the exchange rate on the date of
declaration of such dividend distribution.


2. Domestic preference shares
    Pursuant to the resolution and authorisation passed at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2016,
the first A share class meeting for 2016 and the first H share class meeting for 2016, and the relevant
resolutions on extending the validity period and authorisation period in 2017-2019, the profit distribution
plan for the domestic preference shares was considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the seventh
session of the Board on 28 August 2020. According to the relevant terms of domestic preference shares and
calculated at the coupon rate of 4.38%, a cash dividend of RMB4.38 (tax inclusive) per domestic preference
share shall be distributed. On the basis of the 200 million domestic preference shares issued, the Company
distributed dividends of RMB876 million (tax inclusive) in total on 19 October 2020 to holders of domestic
preference shares whose names appeared on the register of members on the record date.


3. Distribution of dividends of preference shares in the past three years
                                                                        (Unit: RMB million, except for percentage)
                                               2020                     2019                       2018
                                                   Amount of                 Amount of                 Amount of
                                      Dividend       dividend    Dividend      dividend    Dividend      dividend
                                           rate    distributed        rate   distributed        rate   distributed

Offshore preference shares               4.95%            521      4.95%            558      4.95%            551
Domestic preference shares               4.38%            876          ─             ─           ─             ─


Note:   Amount of dividend distributed includes tax.


    For details of the domestic and overseas distribution of dividends of the preference shares, please refer
to the announcements of the Company published on the website of the SSE, the HKEXnews website of the
SEHK and the website of the Company.

(IV) Repurchase or conversion of preference shares
    During the Reporting Period, no preference shares of the Company have been repurchased or converted
into ordinary shares.


(V) Recovery of voting rights of preference shares
    During the Reporting Period, no voting rights of preference shares of the Company have been restored.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020    109


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(VI) Accounting policies for preference shares and the underlying reasons
    According to the requirements promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, such as the Accounting Standards
for Business Enterprises No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments (  《企業會計準則第37號 － 金融工具列
報》 ), there was no need for the issued and existing domestic preference shares of the Company to be settled
through delivery of cash or other financial assets or exchange of financial assets or financial liabilities. In the
future, the Company will have no obligation to deliver a variable quantity of its equity instruments as other
equity instruments for accounting purpose.


V. Issuance of Bonds
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has issued, redeemed and settled the following
outstanding bonds:


(I) Subordinated Bonds in 2011
     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2010] No. 625) (銀監覆[2010]第625號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Zhun Yu Zi [2011] No. 64) (銀市場准予字
[2011]第64號), the Company issued a total of RMB10,000 million subordinated bonds through public offering
in the national interbank bond market on 18 March 2011. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd., the credit rating of the subordinated bonds was AAA. Two types of subordinated bonds were issued
for terms of 10 years and 15 years, respectively. Type I Bonds (bond name: 11 Minsheng 01; bond code:
1108001), having a term of 10 years and amounting to RMB6,000 million, were issued at the coupon rate
of 5.50% and were early redeemed on 18 March 2016, while Type II Bonds (bond name: 11 Minsheng 02;
bond code: 1108002), having a term of 15 years and amounting to RMB4,000 million, were issued at the
coupon rate of 5.70%. These subordinated bonds granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option, that
is, subject to the approval by the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, the Company might exercise
a one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value after the expiry of the fifth year but before the
maturity date of Type I Bonds or after the expiry of the tenth year but before the maturity date of Type
II Bonds. The exercise of the early redemption option by the issuer is not subject to the consent of bond
holders.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as
supplementary capital of the Company. Pursuant to the Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional) (
                                                                                                      《商
業銀行資本管理辦法（試行）》              ) adopted by the former CBRC on 1 January 2013, the proceeds were accounted
as tier-two capital of the Company based on required proportion. The use of the proceeds was as stated in
the prospectus.


    On 18 March 2020, the prevailing interest of RMB228,000,000 was distributed to the bond investors by
the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the 15-year subordinated bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2011 was RMB4,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Dagong Global Credit Rating
Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding report on 15 May
2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the report of previous year. (For details, please
refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)
110 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(II) Tier-Two Capital Bonds in 2015
     Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2015] No. 136) (銀監覆[2015]136號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2015] No. 54) (銀市場許
准予字[2015]第54號), the Company issued tier-two capital bonds (bond name: 15 Minsheng Tier-Two; bond
code: 1528002) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through public offering in the national interbank
bond market on 28 April 2015. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the
tier-two capital bonds was AAA. These tier-two capital bonds were issued for a term of 10 years with fixed
coupon rate of 5.40%. The interest was payable on an annual basis. The tier-two capital bonds granted the
issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long as the capital level of the Company is in compliance with
the capital regulation requirements under the former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the
Company may, subject to the approval by the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off
redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the
bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory
requirements during the term of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to
the prevailing regulatory requirements at that time and approval of the regulatory authorities of the banking
industry. The exercise of early redemption option by the Company is not subject to the consent of bond
holders.


   According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds were fully accounted as tier-two capital of the
Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 26 March 2020, the Company received the Opinion on the Early Redemption of Tier-Two Capital
Bonds (《關於提前贖回二級資本債券意見的函》                   ) issued by the CBIRC, pursuant to which the exercise of early
redemption of tier-two capital bonds by the Company was approved. In accordance with the requirement,
the Company published the Announcement on Exercising the Redemption Option of the Issuer of the Tier-
Two Capital Bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2015 (《2015年中國民生銀行股份有限公司二級資
本債券發行人贖回選擇權行使公告》                 ) on www.chinabond.com.cn. The redemption of tier-two capital bonds of
China Minsheng Bank in 2015 in the amount of RMB20,000 million was completed on 29 April 2020, and the
interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB1,080,000,000 was distributed to the bond investors.

(III) Tier-Two Capital Bonds in 2016
    Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2016] No. 119) (銀監覆[2016]119號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2016] No. 116) (銀市場許
准予字[2016]第116號), the Company issued tier-two capital bonds (bond name: 16 Minsheng Tier-Two; bond
code: 1628014) with a total amount of RMB20,000 million through public offering in the national interbank
bond market on 30 August 2016. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of
the tier-two capital bonds was AAA. These tier-two capital bonds were issued for a term of 10 years with
fixed coupon rate of 3.50%. The interest was payable on an annual basis. The tier-two capital bonds granted
the issuer a one-off early redemption option. As long as the capital level of the Company is in compliance
with the capital regulation requirements under the former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the
Company may, subject to the approval by the regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   111


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the
bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory
requirements during the term of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to
the prevailing regulatory requirements at that time and approval of the regulatory authorities of the banking
industry. The exercise of early redemption option by the Company is not subject to the consent of bond
holders.


   According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the bonds were fully accounted as tier-two capital of the
Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 31 August 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB700,000,000 was distributed to
the bond investors by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2016 was RMB20,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Dagong Global Credit
Rating Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding report
on 15 May 2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous year. (For details, please
refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(IV) Financial Bonds in 2017
    Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2015] No. 683) (銀監覆[2015]683號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2016] No. 161) (銀市場許
准予字[2016]第161號), the Company issued the financial bonds (bond name: 17 Minsheng Bank 01; bond
code: 1728004) with a total amount of RMB30,000 million through public offering in the national interbank
bond market on 7 March 2017. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the
financial bonds was AAA. These financial bonds were issued for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate
of 4.00%. The interest was payable on an annual basis.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were used for loan extension,
including, but not limited to, loans to small and micro enterprises and agricultural loans. The use of the
proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 9 March 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB1,200,000,000 was distributed and
the principal of RMB30,000 million was paid to the bond investors by the Company.


(V) Tier-Two Capital Bonds in 2017
    Pursuant to the approval by the former CBRC (Yin Jian Fu [2017] No. 178) (銀監覆[2017]178號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2017] No. 140) (銀市場許
准予字[2017]第140號), the Company issued the first tranche of tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2017 (bond name: 17 Minsheng Tier-Two 01; bond code: 1728016) with a total amount
of RMB15,000 million and the second tranche of tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp.,
112 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



Ltd. in 2017 (bond name: 17 Minsheng Tier-Two 02; bond code: 1728023) with a total amount of RMB15,000
million through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 12 September 2017 and 27 November
2017, respectively. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit ratings of the two
tranches of tier-two capital bonds were both AAA. The two tranches of tier-two capital bonds were issued
for a term of 10 years with fixed coupon rate of 4.70%, respectively. The interest was payable on an annual
basis. The two tranches of tier-two capital bonds both granted the issuer a one-off early redemption option.
As long as the capital level of the Company is in compliance with the capital regulation requirements under
the former CBRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by the
regulatory authorities of the banking industry, exercise one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds at par
value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards
of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term of the bonds,
the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory requirements and
approval of the former CBRC. The exercise of early redemption option by the Company is not subject to the
consent of bond holders.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of the two tranches of bonds were fully
accounted as tier-two capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 14 September 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB705,000,000 was distributed
to the investors of the first tranche of bonds by the Company. On 30 November 2020, interest for the year
concerned amounting to RMB705,000,000 was distributed to the investors of the second tranche of bonds
by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first tranche and second tranche of tier-two
capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2017 was RMB30,000 million. During the Reporting
Period, Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and
issued a corresponding report on 15 May 2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the
previous year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(VI) Special Financial Bonds for Small and Micro Enterprises in 2018
    Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2018] No. 189) (銀保監覆[2018]189號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2018] No. 211) (銀市場
許准予字[2018]第211號), the Company issued the first and second tranches of special financial bonds for
small and micro enterprises with a total amount of RMB60,000 million through public offering in the national
interbank bond market on 19 November 2018 and 12 December 2018, respectively. As assessed by Dagong
Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit ratings of the two tranches of financial bonds were AAA. The first
tranche of the financial bonds of China Minsheng Bank in 2018 (bond name: 18 Minsheng Bank 01; bond
code: 1828016), amounting to RMB40,000 million, was issued on 19 November 2018 for a term of three
years with fixed coupon rate of 3.83%. The interest was payable on an annual basis. The second tranche
of the financial bonds of China Minsheng Bank in 2018 (bond name: 18 Minsheng Bank 02; bond code:
1828020), amounting to RMB20,000 million, was issued on 12 December 2018 for a term of three years with
fixed coupon rate of 3.76%. The interest was payable on an annual basis.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   113


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



    In accordance with the applicable laws and approvals of the regulatory authorities, the proceeds from the
issuance will be specifically used for extending loans to small and micro enterprises. The use of the proceeds
was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 23 November 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB1,532,000,000 was distributed
to the investors of the first tranche of bonds by the Company. On 14 December 2020, interest for the year
concerned amounting to RMB752,000,000 was distributed to the investors of the second tranche of bonds
by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first tranche and second tranche of the financial
bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2018 was RMB60,000 million. During the Reporting Period,
Dagong Global Credit Rating Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a
corresponding report on 15 May 2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous
year. (For details, please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)


(VII) Tier-Two Capital Bonds in 2019
    Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2018] No. 469) (銀保監覆[2018]469號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No. 5) (銀市場許准予
字[2019]第5號), the Company issued the first tranche of tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking
Corp., Ltd. in 2019 with a total amount of RMB40,000 million (bond name: 19 Minsheng Tier-Two 01; bond
code: 1928002) through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 27 February 2019. As
assessed by Golden Credit Rating International Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this tranche of tier-two capital
bonds was AAA (please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn for details). This tranche of tier-two capital bonds
was issued for a term of 10 years with fixed coupon rate of 4.48%. The interest shall be paid on an annual
basis. The issuer shall have a conditional redemption option at the end of the fifth year. As long as the capital
level of the Company is in compliance with the regulatory capital requirements under the CBIRC upon the
exercise of redemption option, the Company may, subject to the approval by the CBIRC, exercise one-off
redemption of all or part of the bonds at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the
bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory
requirements during the term of the bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject
to the prevailing regulatory requirements at that time and approval of the CBIRC. The exercise of early
redemption option by the Company is not subject to the consent of bond holders.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as tier-two
capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


    On 1 March 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB1,792,000,000 was distributed to
the bond investors by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2019 was RMB40,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Golden Credit Rating
International Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding
report on 19 June 2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous year. (For details,
please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)
114 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(VIII) Undated Capital Bonds in 2019
     Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2019] No. 485) (銀保監覆[2019]485號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2019] No. 75) (銀市場許准
予字[2019]第75號), the Company issued the undated capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in
2019 in a total amount of RMB40,000 million (bond name: 19 Minsheng Perpetual Bond; bond code: 1928013)
through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 31 May 2019. As assessed by Golden Credit
Rating International Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the undated capital bonds was AAA (please refer to www.
chinabond.com.cn for details). The undated capital bonds were write-down capital bonds with issuing coupon
rate of 4.85%, subject to adjustment at different intervals. The bonds will continue to be outstanding so long
as the issuer’s business continues to operate. The coupon rate shall be adjusted every five years from the
payment due date. The interest shall be paid at the same agreed rate in each adjustment period of coupon
rate. The interest shall be paid on an annual basis. The issuer shall have a conditional redemption option of
the bonds. After the expiry of five years from the date of issuance, the issuer shall have the right to redeem
all or part of the bonds on the interest payment date of each year (inclusive of the interest payment date of
the fifth year after the date of issuance). Upon the issuance of the bonds, in the event that the bonds are not
classified as other tier-one capital bonds due to unpredictable changes in regulations, the issuer shall have
the right to redeem the bonds fully instead of partly.


     According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as other
tier-one capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


   On 4 June 2020, interest for the year concerned amounting to RMB1,940,000,000 was distributed to the
bond investors by the Company.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the undated capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2019 was RMB40,000 million. During the Reporting Period, Golden Credit Rating
International Co., Ltd. conducted the annual tracking and rating of the bonds and issued a corresponding
report on 19 June 2020 with the bond rating of AAA, which was the same as the previous year. (For details,
please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn)

(IX) First Tranche of Special Financial Bonds for Loans to Small and Micro Enterprises in
2020
    Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2018] No. 189) (銀保監覆[2018]189號) and the
approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2018] No. 211) (銀市場許
准予字[2018]第211號), the Company issued the first tranche of special financial bonds for loans to small and
micro enterprises of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2020 with a total amount of RMB20,000 million
(bond name: 20 Minsheng Small and Micro Enterprises Bond 01; bond code: 2028008) through public offering
in the national interbank bond market on 18 March 2020. As assessed by Dagong Global Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd., the credit rating of the financial bonds was AAA (please refer to www.chinabond.com.cn for details).
This tranche of financial bonds were issued for a term of three years with fixed coupon rate of 2.75%. The
interest was payable on an annual basis. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 March
2020 published on the website of the Company and the website of the SSE, and the announcement of the
Company dated 20 March 2020 published on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK for details of issuance.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   115


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



    In accordance with the applicable laws and approvals of the regulatory authorities, the proceeds from the
issuance will be specifically used for extending loans to small and micro enterprises. The use of the proceeds
was as stated in the prospectus.


   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the first tranche of the financial bonds of China
Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2020 was RMB20,000 million.

(X) Tier-Two Capital Bonds in 2020
    Pursuant to the approval by the CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2020] No. 348) (銀保監覆[2020]348號) and
the approval by the PBOC in the administrative permit (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2020] No. 18) (銀許准予決
字[2020]第18號), the Company issued the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in
2020 with a total amount of RMB50,000 million (bond name: 20 Minsheng Tier-Two; bond code: 2028022)
through public offering in the national interbank bond market on 24 June 2020. As assessed by Golden
Credit Rating International Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the tier-two capital bonds was AAA (please refer
to www.chinabond.com.cn for details). The tier-two capital bonds were issued for a term of 10 years with
fixed coupon rate of 3.75%. The interest shall be paid on an annual basis. The issuer shall have a conditional
redemption option at the end of the fifth year. As long as the capital level of the Company is in compliance
with the regulatory capital requirements under the CBIRC upon the exercise of redemption option, the
Company may, subject to the approval by the CBIRC, exercise one-off redemption of all or part of the bonds
at par value at the last day of the fifth interest bearing year of the bonds. If the bonds fail to meet the
standards of tier-two capital instruments due to changes of regulatory requirements during the term of the
bonds, the Company may exercise early redemption option, subject to the prevailing regulatory requirements
at that time and approval of the CBIRC. The exercise of early redemption option by the Company is not
subject to the consent of bond holders. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 30 June
2020 published on the website of the Company and the website of the SSE, and the announcement of the
Company dated 29 June 2020 published on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK for details of issuance.


    According to applicable rules, the proceeds from the issuance of bonds were fully accounted as tier-two
capital of the Company. The use of the proceeds was as stated in the prospectus.


   As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the tier-two capital bonds of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. in 2020 was RMB50,000 million.
116 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



VI. Shareholders
(I) The table below sets out the top 10 shareholders of the Company and their
shareholdings:
Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the Reporting Period                                                          421,463
Total number of holders of preference shares whose voting rights
  had been restored at the end of the Reporting Period                                                                                         0
Total number of ordinary shareholders at the end of the month
  immediately prior to the disclosure of the Annual Report                                                                        417,163
Total number of holders of preference shares whose voting rights had been
  restored at the end of the month immediately prior to the disclosure of
  the Annual Report                                                                                                                            0

Particulars of shareholding of the top 10 ordinary shareholders


                                                                    Number of
                                                                   shares held                     Number of
                                                                      as at the       Changes     shares held
                                                                    end of the        over the     subject to
                                                Shareholding         Reporting       Reporting     restriction
                                                                                                                 Shares pledged or locked-up
                               Type of            percentage            Period          Period       on sales
 Name of shareholder           shareholder                (%)            (share)        (share)        (share)      Status      Number (share)
 HKSCC Nominees Limited        Others                 18.92     8,283,957,204       8,216,090             ─      Unknown
 Dajia Life Insurance Co.,     Domestic               10.30     4,508,984,567              ─              ─           Nil
  Ltd. – Universal Product       legal person
 Dajia Life Insurance Co.,     Domestic                6.49     2,843,300,122               ─             ─            Nil
  Ltd. – Traditional Product     legal person
 China Oceanwide Holdings      Domestic                4.61     2,019,182,618               ─             ─       Pledged     2,015,582,618
  Group Co., Ltd.                non-state-
                                owned
                                 legal person
 Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin      Domestic                4.31     1,888,530,701      22,972,365             ─       Pledged     1,865,422,321
   Investment Holding Co.,       non-state-
   Ltd.                         owned
                                 legal person
 New Hope Liuhe                Domestic                4.18     1,828,327,362               ─             ─            Nil
  Investment Co., Ltd.           non-state-
                                owned
                                 legal person
 Shanghai Giant Lifetech       Domestic                3.15     1,379,679,587               ─             ─       Pledged     1,379,678,400
  Co., Ltd.                      non-state-
                                owned
                                 legal person
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020         117


   CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                  Number of
                                                                 shares held                   Number of
                                                                    as at the     Changes     shares held
                                                                  end of the      over the     subject to
                                              Shareholding         Reporting     Reporting     restriction
                                                                                                             Shares pledged or locked-up
                              Type of           percentage            Period        Period       on sales
Name of shareholder           shareholder               (%)            (share)      (share)        (share)      Status      Number (share)
Huaxia Life Insurance Co.,    Domestic               3.14     1,375,763,341             ─             ─            Nil
 Ltd. – Universal Insurance    non-state-
 Product                       owned
                               legal person
China Shipowners Mutual       Domestic               3.02     1,324,284,453             ─             ─            Nil
 Assurance Association         non-state-
                               owned
                               legal person
Orient Group Incorporation    Domestic               2.92     1,280,117,123             ─             ─       Pledged     1,270,709,488
                               non-state-
                               owned
                               legal person
118 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



Shareholding of top 10 holders of ordinary shares not subject to restriction on sales

                                                                              Number of shares
                                                                             held not subject to                      Class of
     Name of shareholder                                                     restriction on sales                      shares

     HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                         8,283,957,204                    H Shares


     Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Universal Product                             4,508,984,567                     A Shares


     Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Traditional Product                           2,843,300,122                     A Shares


     China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                                       2,019,182,618                     A Shares


     Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.                          1,888,530,701                     A Shares


     New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.                                            1,828,327,362                     A Shares


     Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.                                              1,379,679,587                     A Shares


     Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Universal Insurance                          1,375,763,341                     A Shares
      Product


     China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association                                  1,324,284,453                     A Shares


     Orient Group Incorporation                                                     1,280,117,123                     A Shares


     Statement on the related relationship or concerted                    Orient Group Incorporation and Huaxia
       actions among the aforesaid shareholders                            Life Insurance Co., Ltd. had entered into
                                                                           an agreement on concerted actions. The
                                                                           Company is not aware of any other related
                                                                           relationship among shareholders save as
                                                                           mentioned above.


Notes:

1.     The number of shares held by holders of H shares was recorded in the register of members as kept by the H Share registrar
       of the Company;

2.     HKSCC Nominees Limited acted as an agent representing the total amount of H shares held by all institutional and individual
       investors that registered in the account of such investors as at 31 December 2020.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020      119


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(II) Substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ interests or short positions in the shares
and underlying shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations
    As at 31 December 2020, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief
executives of the Company) had the following interests or short position in the shares of the Company as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and as the
Company is aware of:

                                                                                                              Percentage of Percentage of
 Name of                                                                                                       the relevant all the issued
 substantial         Class of   Long/short                                            Number of                   shares in       ordinary
 shareholder         shares     position     Capacity                                    shares      Notes         issue (%)     shares (%)

 Dajia Life          A          Long         Beneficial owner                      7,352,284,689         1           20.73           16.79
   Insurance
   Co., Ltd.
                     H          Long         Beneficial owner                        457,930,200         1            5.50            1.05


 Dajia Insurance     A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   7,352,284,689         1           20.73           16.79
   Group Co., Ltd.                             controlled by this substantial
                                               shareholder


                     H          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)     457,930,200         1            5.50            1.05
                                               controlled by this substantial
                                               shareholder


 Orient Group        A          Long         Party to the acting in concert        3,048,721,959         2            8.60            6.96
   Co., Ltd.                                  agreement


 Orient Group        A          Long         Party to the acting in concert        3,048,721,959*        2            8.60            6.96
   Incorporation                              agreement


 Huaxia Life         A          Long         Party to the acting in concert        3,048,721,959*        2            8.60            6.96
  Insurance                                   agreement
  Co., Ltd.


 China Oceanwide     A          Long         Beneficial owner                      2,019,182,618    3 and 4           5.69            4.61
   Holdings Group
   Co., Ltd.
120 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                                                             Percentage of Percentage of
 Name of                                                                                                      the relevant all the issued
 substantial        Class of   Long/short                                            Number of                   shares in       ordinary
 shareholder        shares     position     Capacity                                    shares      Notes         issue (%)     shares (%)

 Oceanwide Group    A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   2,019,182,618    3 and 4           5.69            4.61
  Co., Ltd.                                   controlled by this substantial
                                              shareholder


 Tohigh Holdings    A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   2,019,182,618    3 and 4           5.69            4.61
   Co., Ltd.                                  controlled by this substantial
                                              shareholder


 New Hope Group     A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   1,930,715,189*   5 and 8           5.44            4.41
  Co., Ltd.                                   controlled by this substantial
                                              shareholder


 New Hope Liuhe     A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   1,828,327,362*        5            5.16            4.18
  Co., Ltd.                                   controlled by this substantial
                                              shareholder


 New Hope Liuhe     A          Long         Beneficial owner                      1,828,327,362*        5            5.16            4.18
  Investment Co.,
  Ltd.


 Li Wei             A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   1,930,715,189*   6 and 8           5.44            4.41
                                              controlled by the spouse of this
                                              substantial shareholder


 Liu Chang          A          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)   1,930,715,189*   7 and 8           5.44            4.41
                                              controlled by this substantial
                                              shareholder
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020      121


       CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



                                                                                                                  Percentage of Percentage of
    Name of                                                                                                        the relevant all the issued
    substantial         Class of   Long/short                                           Number of                     shares in       ordinary
    shareholder         shares     position     Capacity                                   shares        Notes         issue (%)     shares (%)

    Oceanwide           H          Long         Beneficial owner                       604,300,950
     International
     Equity
     Investment
     Limited


                                   Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)    408,000,000
                                                  controlled by this substantial
                                                  shareholder


                                                                                      1,012,300,950          9           12.17            2.31


                                   Short        Beneficial owner                       604,300,950           9            7.26            1.38


    Alpha Frontier      H          Long         Beneficial owner                       713,501,653    10 and 11           8.58            1.63
      Limited


    Chongqing Cibi      H          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)    713,501,653    10 and 11           8.58            1.63
      Business                                    controlled by this substantial
     Information                                  shareholder
      Consulting Co.,
     Ltd.


    Giant Investment    H          Long         Interest held by the corporation(s)    713,501,653    10 and 11           8.58            1.63
      Co., Ltd.                                   controlled by this substantial
                                                  shareholder


*      As far as the Company is aware, the above numbers of shares reflected the interests or short positions of the relevant
       substantial shareholders as at 31 December 2020. However, these numbers of shares were not reported in the disclosure
       forms completed by these substantial shareholders because the changes in their interests did not result in a disclosure
       obligation in accordance with the SFO.

Notes:

1.     Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to have interests in the 7,352,284,689 A shares and 457,930,200 H shares of the
       Company by virtue of its control over 99.98% of the issued share capital of Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.;

       The interests that Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held in the 7,352,284,689 A shares and
       457,930,200 H shares, as set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares;
122 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



2.   The interests that Orient Group Co., Ltd. (which held 35,000,000 A shares of the Company), Orient Group Incorporation (which
     held 1,280,117,123 A shares of the Company) and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (which held 1,733,604,836 A shares of the
     Company) held in the 3,048,721,959 A shares, as set out in the above table, were deemed to be jointly owned by the three
     parties after they had become persons acting in concert;

3.   The 2,019,182,618 A shares were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., of which 98% of the issued share
     capital was held by Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu Zhiqiang (a Non-
     Executive Director of the Company) held 77.14% of the issued share capital of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.;

     According to the SFO, Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. and Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd. were deemed to have
     interests in the 2,019,182,618 A shares held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (Mr. Lu Zhiqiang’s interests in
     shares are disclosed in this Annual Report in the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives
     in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and regulations”);

4.   The interests that China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd. and Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. held
     in the 2,019,182,618 A shares, as set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares;

5.   The 1,930,715,189 A shares comprised 102,387,827 A shares directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and
     1,828,327,362 A shares directly held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. 51% of the issued share capital of South Hope
     Industrial Co., Ltd. was held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd., while New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. was held as to 25%
     and 75% of its issued share capital by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd., respectively. 24.86% and
     29.08% of the issued share capital of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. were held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and South Hope
     Industrial Co., Ltd., respectively;

     According to the SFO, New Hope Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to have interests in the 102,387,827 A shares held by South
     Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and in the 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. Meanwhile, New
     Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. was also deemed to have interests in the 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe Investment
     Co., Ltd.;

6.   Ms. Li Wei is the spouse of Mr. Liu Yonghao (a Non-Executive Director of the Company). According to the SFO, Ms. Li
     was deemed to have interests in the 1,930,715,189 A shares of the Company in which Mr. Liu Yonghao had interests (Mr.
     Liu Yonghao’s interests in shares are disclosed in this Annual Report in the section headed “Interests of the Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executives in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and
     regulations”);

7.   Ms. Liu Chang held 9.41% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd. (see note 5 above). According to the SFO,
     Ms. Liu was deemed to have interests in the 1,930,715,189 A shares of the Company in which New Hope Group Co., Ltd. had
     interests. Ms. Liu Chang is the daughter of Mr. Liu Yonghao (a Non-Executive Director of the Company);

8.   The interests that New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Ms. Li Wei and Ms. Liu Chang held in the 1,930,715,189 A shares, as set out in
     the above table, were from the same block of shares;

9.   The 1,012,300,950 H shares (Long position) comprised 604,300,950 H shares directly held by Oceanwide International Equity
     Investment Limited and 408,000,000 H shares directly held by Long Prosper Capital Company Limited, while the 604,300,950
     H shares (Short position) (all of which were held through other unlisted derivatives) are directly held by Oceanwide
     International Equity Investment Limited. Long Prosper Capital Company Limited was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oceanwide
     International Equity Investment Limited. 89.80% of the issued share capital of Oceanwide International Equity Investment
     Limited was indirectly held by Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd. 68.49% of the issued share capital of Oceanwide Holdings Co.,
     Ltd. was held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. 98% of the issued share capital of China Oceanwide Holdings
     Group Co., Ltd. was held by Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu
     Zhiqiang (a Non-Executive Director of the Company) held 77.14% of the issued share capital of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.;

10. The 713,501,653 H shares (Long position) were held by Alpha Frontier Limited. 42.04% of the issued share capital of Alpha
    Frontier Limited was held by Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting Co., Ltd. (重慶賜比商務信息諮詢有限公司), which
    was wholly-owned by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Shi Yuzhu (a
    Non-Executive Director of the Company);
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020      123


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



    According to the SFO, Mr. Shi Yuzhu, Giant Investment Co., Ltd. and Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting Co.,
    Ltd. were deemed to have interests in the 713,501,653 H shares held by Alpha Frontier Limited (Mr. Shi Yuzhu’s interests in
    shares are disclosed in this Annual Report in the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives
    in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and regulations”);

11. The interests that Mr. Shi Yuzhu, Giant Investment Co., Ltd., Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting Co., Ltd. and
    Alpha Frontier Limited held in the 713,501,653 H shares, as set out in the above table, were from the same block of shares.


    Save as disclosed above and the section headed “Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
executives in the securities of the Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and
regulations”, the Company is not aware of any other person having any interests or short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as at 31 December 2020 as recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

(III) Controlling shareholder and ultimate controller
     The Company does not have any controlling shareholder or ultimate controller. As at the end of the
Reporting Period, the top 10 single shareholders of the Company held an aggregate of 45.00% of the
Company’s shares. Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Universal Product is the single largest shareholder who
held 10.30% of the total shares of the Company. There was no shareholder who could control not less than
half of the voting rights of the Board or at general meetings in accordance with the shareholding, the Articles
of Association or any agreements.


(IV) Other corporate shareholders with 10% or more equity in the Company
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held 10% or more of the total shares
of the Company.

 Name of corporate           Person-in-charge or      Date of             Registered       Principal business or
 shareholder                 legal representative     incorporation       capital          management activities

 Dajia Life Insurance        He Xiaofeng              23 June 2010        30.79 billion    Various life insurance businesses
   Co., Ltd.                                                                                such as life insurance, health
                                                                                            insurance and accidental injury
                                                                                            insurance, reinsurance of the above
                                                                                            insurance businesses, insurance
                                                                                            fund application business permitted
                                                                                            under the PRC laws and regulations,
                                                                                            and other businesses approved by
                                                                                            the CBIRC.
124 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(V) Substantial shareholders
1. Substantial shareholders with aggregate shareholding of 5% or more of the Company were as
follows:
(1) Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 23 June 2010; its registered capital was RMB30,790
    million; its unified social credit code is 91110000556828452N; its legal representative is He Xiaofeng; its
    controlling shareholder is Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.; the controlling shareholder and the ultimate
    controller of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. is China Insurance Security Fund Co., Ltd.; its principal
    business includes: various life insurance businesses such as life insurance, health insurance and
    accidental injury insurance, reinsurance of the above insurance businesses, insurance fund application
    business permitted under the PRC laws and regulations, and other businesses approved by the former
    CIRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, no shares of the Company held by Dajia Life Insurance Co.,
    Ltd. were pledged.


(2) Orient Group Incorporation: It was incorporated on 16 August 1989; its registered capital was
    RMB3,714,576,124; its unified social credit code is 91230199126965908A; its legal representative is Sun
    Mingtao; its controlling shareholder is Orient Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Zhang Hongwei;
    its ultimate beneficiary is Zhang Hongwei; its parties acting in concert are Orient Group Co., Ltd. and
    Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: food procurement, import and export of
    goods (or technologies) (except prohibited items and items restricted to state-owned enterprises and
    other restricted items unless authorised or approved by the relevant authorities), economic and technical
    cooperation with foreign entities, international project contracting, employment agency, property
    management, sales and distribution of building materials, furniture and decoration materials, construction
    machines, hardware and electrical appliances, sanitary wares, production and sales of electrical contact
    materials, development of silver-free electrical contacts, sales of food, plantation of paddy rice as well
    as cultivation and development of premium seeds. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Orient Group
    Incorporation had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being 1,270,709,488
    ordinary shares, representing 2.90% of the total share capital of the Company.


    Orient Group Co., Ltd (former Orient Group Investment Holding Co., Ltd.): It was incorporated
    on 26 August 2003; its registered capital was RMB1,000 million; its unified social credit code is
    911100007541964840; its legal representative is Zhang Xianfeng while its ultimate controller is Zhang
    Hongwei; its parties acting in concert are Orient Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.;
    its principal business includes: project investment, investment management, real estate development,
    agent import and export, import and export of goods, economic and trade consultation, etc. As at the
    end of the Reporting Period, Orient Group Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the
    Company it held, being 35,000,000 ordinary shares, representing 0.08% of the total share capital of the
    Company.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   125


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



    Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 30 December 2006; its registered capital was
    RMB15,300 million; its unified social credit code is 91120118791698440W; its legal representative is
    Wang Yi; its parties acting in concert are Orient Group Incorporation and Orient Group Co., Ltd.; its
    principal business includes: various life insurance businesses such as life insurance, health insurance
    and accidental injury insurance businesses, related reinsurance of the above businesses, insurance fund
    application business permitted under the PRC laws and regulations, and other businesses approved by
    the former CIRC. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by Huaxia Life
    Insurance Co, Ltd. had not been pledged. According to the CBIRC’s Announcement on the Takeover
    of Six Institutions Including Tianan Property Insurance Co., Ltd. in Accordance with Laws published on
    CBIRC’s official website on 17 July 2020, Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was taken over by the CBIRC
    from 17 July 2020 to 16 July 2021, which might be extended according to laws. As at the end of the
    Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by Huaxia Life Insurance Co, Ltd. had not been
    pledged.


(3) China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 7 April 1988; its registered capital was
    RMB20,000 million; its unified social credit code is 911100001017122936; its legal representative is Lu
    Zhiqiang; its controlling shareholder is Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang;
    its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang and Oceanwide Foundation; its parties acting in concert are
    China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited, Oceanwide International Equity Investment
    Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited; its principal business includes: finance, real estate
    and investment management, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, China Oceanwide Holdings
    Group Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being 2,015,582,618
    ordinary shares, representing 4.60% of the total share capital of the Company.


    China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited: It was incorporated on 15 October 2008; its
    registered capital was HKD1,548,058,790; its controlling shareholder is China Oceanwide Holdings Group
    Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang and Oceanwide
    Foundation; its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Oceanwide
    International Equity Investment Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited; its principal business
    includes: investment holding, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, China Oceanwide International
    Investment Company Limited had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being
    8,237,520 ordinary shares, representing 0.02% of the total share capital of the Company.


    Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited: It was incorporated on 17 March 2016; its registered
    capital was USD50,000; its controlling shareholder is Wuhan CBD (Hong Kong) Company Limited; its
    ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang and Oceanwide Foundation; its
    parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., China Oceanwide International
    Investment Company Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited; its principal business
    includes: investment holding, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Oceanwide International
    Equity Investment Limited had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being
    604,300,950 ordinary shares, representing 1.38% of the total share capital of the Company.
126 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



   Long Prosper Capital Company Limited: It was incorporated on 31 August 2016; its registered capital
   was USD50,000; its controlling shareholder is Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited; its
   ultimate controller is Lu Zhiqiang; its ultimate beneficiaries are Lu Zhiqiang and Oceanwide Foundation;
   its parties acting in concert are China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., China Oceanwide
   International Investment Company Limited and Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited; its
   principal business includes: investment holding, etc. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Long Prosper
   Capital Company Limited had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being
   408,000,000 ordinary shares, representing 0.93% of the total share capital of the Company.


2. In Accordance with the Interim Measures on Equity Management of Commercial Banks (            《商業銀行
股權管理暫行辦法》           ) under the order of the former CBRC (2018 No. 1), other substantial shareholders of
the Company were as follows:
(1) New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 25 November 2002; its registered capital
    was RMB576,555,600; its unified social credit code is 91540091744936899C; its legal representative
    is Wang Pusong; its controlling shareholder is New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Liu
    Yonghao; its ultimate beneficiary is Liu Yonghao; its party acting in concert is South Hope Industrial
    Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: venture capital investment, investment management, financial
    advisory, wealth management consultancy, corporate reorganisation consultancy, market research, credit
    investigation, technology development, transfer and technology consultancy services, etc. As at the end
    of the Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. had
    not been pledged.


   South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 17 November 2011; its registered capital was
   RMB1,034,313,725; its paid-up registered capital was RMB951,438,725; its unified social credit code is
   9154009158575152X0; its legal representative is Li Jianxiong; its controlling shareholder is New Hope
   Group Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Liu Yonghao; its ultimate beneficiary is Liu Yonghao; its party
   acting in concert is New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: research and
   development of feeds, wholesale and retail, electronic products, hardware and electrical appliances, daily
   sundry goods, textiles, office equipment (excluding colour copier), building materials (excluding hazardous
   chemicals and wood materials), agricultural by-products and special products (excluding products
   specified by the State), chemical products (excluding hazardous chemicals), mechanical equipment,
   investment and consultancy services (excluding intermediary services). As at the end of the Reporting
   Period, the shares of the Company held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. had not been pledged.


(2) Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 12 July 1999; its registered capital was
    RMB245,400,640; its unified social credit code is 913101041346255243; its legal representative is
    Wei Wei; its controlling shareholder is Giant Investment Co., Ltd.; its ultimate controller is Shi Yuzhu;
    its ultimate beneficiary is Shi Yuzhu; it has no party acting in concert; its principal business includes:
    production and sales of food (through its subsidiaries), sales of cosmetics, cleaning products, healthcare
    equipment and kitchenware, technical development, consultancy services and transfer in healthcare
    food aspect, wholesale of non-physical goods; pre-packaged food (excluding cooked or braised and
    refrigerated or frozen food), investment management, asset management, investment consultancy,
    business information consultancy and business management consultancy. As at the end of the Reporting
    Period, Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it
    held, being 1,379,678,400 ordinary shares, representing 3.15% of the total share capital of the Company.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   127


    CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



(3) China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association: It was incorporated on 1 January 1984; its registered
    capital was RMB100,000; its unified social credit code is 51100000500010993L; its legal representative
    is Song Chunfeng; it has no controlling shareholder; it has no ultimate controller; it has no ultimate
    beneficiary; it has no party acting in concert; its principal business includes: marine mutual assurance,
    business training, marine information exchange, international cooperation and consultancy service. As at
    the end of the Reporting Period, the shares of the Company held by China Shipowners Mutual Assurance
    Association had not been pledged.


(4) Good First Group Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 2 May 1995; its registered capital was RMB133
    million; its unified social credit code is 91310000612260305J; its legal representative is Wu Di; its
    controlling shareholder is Huang Xi; its ultimate controller is Huang Xi; its ultimate beneficiary is Huang
    Xi; its parties acting in concert are Tibet Heng Xun Corporate Management Co., Ltd. and Tibet Rong
    Jie Corporate Management Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes: research, development and sale
    of high-tech products; industrial investment; investments in education, agriculture, secondary industry,
    entertainment industry and healthcare products; sales of photographic equipment and new-type
    construction materials; wholesale and retail of chemicals (excluding hazardous chemicals and chemicals
    subject to supervision and control), textiles, hardware and electrical appliances, daily sundry goods, metal
    materials, construction materials, automobiles (excluding passenger cars) and parts, general machinery,
    electronic products and telecommunication devices and mineral products approved by the country. As at
    the end of the Reporting Period, Good First Group Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares
    of the Company it held, being 206,240,000 ordinary shares, representing 0.47% of the total share capital
    of the Company.


    Tibet Heng Xun Corporate Management Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 26 December 2014, its
    registered capital was RMB10 million; its unified social credit code is 91540195321324233N; its legal
    representative is Hong Zhihua; its ultimate controller is Huang Xi; its ultimate beneficiary is Huang Xi; its
    party acting in concert is Good First Group Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes service of corporate
    image, marketing and brand planning, exhibition and display service, market research (other than those
    involve state secrets and personal privacy), retail of building materials and ancilliary materials, and
    sales of feeds and raw materials, chemical fertilisers, rubber products, chemical materials (other than
    hazardous chemical products and precursor chemicals), and metal materials (businesses that require
    pre-approvals according to laws and shall operate only upon approvals from the relevant authorities). As
    at the end of the Reporting Period, Tibet Heng Xun Corporate Management Co., Ltd. had pledged over
    50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being 103,500,000 ordinary shares, representing
    0.24% of the total share capital of the Company.


    Tibet Rong Jie Corporate Management Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 26 December 2014, its registered
    capital was RMB10 million; its unified social credit code is 915401953213242171; its legal representative
    is Chen Zhenling; its ultimate controller is Huang Xi; its ultimate beneficiary is Huang Xi; its party acting
    in concert is Good First Group Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes corporate management service
    (other than investment management and investment consulting); service of corporate image, marketing
    and brand planning, exhibition and display service, market research (other than those involve state
128 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



    secrets and personal privacy), retail of building materials and ancilliary materials, and metal materials;
    sales of feed, fertilisers, rubber products, chemical materials (excluding hazardous chemical products and
    precursor chemicals), investment on medical industry (excluding the engagement of equity investment
    business, excluding raising public fund, accepting public deposits, and extending loans, excluding
    public trading of security investment products or financial derivative products and excluding businesses
    in relation to financial products, wealth management products and relevant derivatives) (businesses
    that require pre-approvals according to laws and shall operate only upon approvals from the relevant
    authorities). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tibet Rong Jie Corporate Management Co., Ltd. had
    pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being 125,200,000 ordinary shares,
    representing 0.29% of the total share capital of the Company.


    Tibet Fuju Investment Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 3 May 2016, its registered capital was RMB300
    million; its unified social credit code is 91540195MA6T1A2K32; its legal representative is Wu Di; its
    ultimate controller is Huang Xi; its ultimate beneficiary is Huang Xi; it is a wholly-owned sub-subsidiary
    of Good First Group Co., Ltd.; its principal business includes investments on commercial, agricultural,
    medical, entertainment and education industries (excluding trust, financial asset management and
    securities asset management business, and excluding securities, insurance, fund and financial businesses
    and relevant restricted businesses) (businesses that require pre-approvals according to laws and shall
    operate only upon approvals from the relevant authorities). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tibet
    Fuju Investment Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being
    340,900,000 ordinary shares, representing 0.78% of the total share capital of the Company.


(5) Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.: It was incorporated on 23 May 2007; its
    registered capital was RMB2,574,162,500; its unified social credit code is 91500000660887401L; its legal
    representative is Liu Qinqin; its largest shareholder is Tongfang Financial Holding (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.,
    a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tongfang Co., Ltd., a subsidiary controlled by CNNC Capital Holding Co.,
    Ltd.; it has no controlling shareholder; it has no ultimate controller; its ultimate beneficiary is Tsinghua
    Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co., Ltd.; its party acting in concert is Chongqing International Trust
    Company Limited; its business includes: transportation facilities maintenance; engineering management
    services; standardisation services; planning and design management; corporate headquarters
    management; corporate management; management services of commercial complex; international project
    contracting; property management; investments with its own funds (excluding financial businesses such
    as accepting public deposits or accepting public deposits in any form, extending loans or securities
    and futures); consultancy services in relation to investment information and policies for its related
    party companies; planning and consultancy services in relation to corporate restructuring and merger
    and acquisition (businesses that require pre-approvals according to laws and shall operate only upon
    approvals from the relevant authorities). As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin
    Investment Holding Co., Ltd. had pledged over 50% of the ordinary shares of the Company it held, being
    1,865,422,321 ordinary shares, representing 4.26% of the total share capital of the Company.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2020   129


CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL AND INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS



Chongqing International Trust Company Limited: It was incorporated on 22 October 1984; its registered
capital was RMB15,000 million; its unified social credit code is 91500000202805720T; its legal
representative is Weng Zhenjie; its controlling shareholders is Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment
Holding Co., Ltd; it has no ultimate controller; its ultimate beneficiary is Chongqing International Trust
Company Limited; its party acting in concert is Tsinghua Tongfang Guoxin Investment Holding Co.,
Ltd.; its principal business includes: funds trust, chattel trust, real estate trust, negotiable securities
trust, other properties or property rights trusts; investment fund business as a promoter of investment
fund or fund management companies; providing asset reorganisation, mergers and acquisitions, project
financing, corporate wealth management, financial advisory and other services of enterprises; securities
underwriting business approved by the relevant authorities of the State Council; intermediary business,
consultancy, credit investigation; safe custody and safe deposits box business; use of inherent properties
as balance with banks and other financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial
institutions, loans, leasing and investment; providing collateral for others with inherent properties;
interbank lending, and other businesses permitted under the laws and regulations and approved by the
CBIRC (including businesses denominated in RMB and foreign currencies). As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the shares of the Company held by Chongqing International Trust Company Limited had not been
pledged.
130 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK

I. Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
(I) Basic information
                                                                                                                           Aggregate
                                                                                                                        remuneration
                                                                                               Shares                      before tax
                                                                                           held at the   Shares held         received            Any
                                                                                            beginning     at the end       during the   remuneration
                                                                                                of the         of the      Reporting        received
                                                                                            Reporting     Reporting            Period           from
                          Year of                                                               Period         Period       (RMB ten         related
 Name            Gender   birth     Position                 Term of Office                    (share)        (share)      thousand)          parties

 GAO Yingxin     M        1962      Chairman & Executive       July 2020 – 2023 election           ─         300,000          225.46              No
                                       Director


 ZHANG Hongwei   M        1954      Vice Chairman & Non-       January 2001 – 2023                 ─              ─             94.00            Yes
                                       Executive Director         election


 LU Zhiqiang     M        1951      Vice Chairman & Non-       November 2006 – 2023                ─              ─             92.50            Yes
                                       Executive Director        election


 LIU Yonghao     M        1951      Vice Chairman & Non-       June 2009 – 2023                    ─              ─            93.50             Yes
                                       Executive Director         election


 ZHENG Wanchun   M        1964      Vice Chairman              December 2020 – 2023                ─         250,000          418.89              No
                                                                 election
                                    Executive Director         March 2016 – 2023
                                                                 election
                                    President                  January 2016 – 2023
                                                                  election


 SHI Yuzhu       M        1962      Non-Executive Director     March 2017 – 2023                   ─              ─            82.00              No
                                                                 election


 WU Di           M        1965      Non-Executive Director     March 2013 – 2023                   ─              ─            88.50              No
                                                                 election
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020           131


                            DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                                                                                      Aggregate
                                                                                                                   remuneration
                                                                                          Shares                      before tax
                                                                                      held at the   Shares held         received            Any
                                                                                       beginning     at the end       during the   remuneration
                                                                                           of the         of the      Reporting        received
                                                                                       Reporting     Reporting            Period           from
                         Year of                                                           Period         Period       (RMB ten         related
Name            Gender   birth     Position                 Term of Office                (share)        (share)      thousand)          parties

SONG Chunfeng   M        1969      Non-Executive Director     March 2017 – 2023               ─              ─             20.75             No
                                                                election


WENG Zhenjie    M        1962      Non-Executive Director     February 2017 – 2023            ─              ─             83.50             No
                                                                 election


YANG Xiaoling   M        1958      Non-Executive Director     March 2021 – 2023               ─              ─             13.00            Yes
                                                                election


ZHAO Peng       M        1973      Non-Executive Director     October 2020 – 2023             ─              ─            14.50             Yes
                                                                 election


LIU Jipeng      M        1956      Independent Non-           February 2017 –                 ─              ─            88.50              No
                                      Executive Director        (Note 1)


LI Hancheng     M        1963      Independent Non-           February 2017 –                 ─              ─            99.00              No
                                      Executive Director        (Note 1)


XIE Zhichun     M        1958      Independent Non-           March 2017 – (Note 1)           ─              ─            91.50              No
                                      Executive Director


PENG Xuefeng    M        1962      Independent Non-           March 2017 – (Note 1)           ─              ─            90.50              No
                                      Executive Director


LIU Ningyu      M        1969      Independent Non-           March 2017 – (Note 1)           ─              ─            95.00              No
                                      Executive Director


QU Xinjiu       M        1964      Independent Non-           March 2021-2023                 ─              ─            15.50              No
                                      Executive Director        election
132 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                                                                                         Aggregate
                                                                                                                      remuneration
                                                                                             Shares                      before tax
                                                                                         held at the   Shares held         received            Any
                                                                                          beginning     at the end       during the   remuneration
                                                                                              of the         of the      Reporting        received
                                                                                          Reporting     Reporting            Period           from
                           Year of                                                            Period         Period       (RMB ten         related
 Name             Gender   birth     Position                   Term of Office               (share)        (share)      thousand)          parties

 YUAN Guijun      M        1963      Executive Director           March 2021 – 2023              ─              ─              6.92             No
                                                                    election
                                     Executive Vice President     December 2020 – 2023
                                                                    election


 ZHANG Juntong    M        1974      Chairman of the Board        February 2017 – 2023           ─         200,000          399.39              No
                                        of Supervisors &             election
                                        Employee Supervisor


 GUO Dong         M        1961      Vice Chairman of the      March 2016 – 2023                 ─         200,000          358.26              No
                                        Board of Supervisors &   election
                                        Employee Supervisor


 LU Zhongnan      M        1955      Shareholder Supervisor       January 2007 – 2023            ─              ─            75.50              No
                                                                     election


 ZHAO Huan John   M        1963      Shareholder Supervisor       October 2020 – 2023            ─              ─            12.00              No
                                                                     election


 LI Yu            M        1974      Shareholder Supervisor       October 2020 – 2023            ─              ─            14.00              No
                                                                     election


 WANG Yugui       M        1951      External Supervisor          February 2017 – 2023           ─              ─            75.50              No
                                                                     election


 ZHAO Fugao       M        1955      External Supervisor          June 2019 – 2023               ─              ─            75.00              No
                                                                     election
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2020           133


                           DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                                                                                      Aggregate
                                                                                                                   remuneration
                                                                                          Shares                      before tax
                                                                                      held at the   Shares held         received            Any
                                                                                       beginning     at the end       during the   remuneration
                                                                                           of the         of the      Reporting        received
                                                                                       Reporting     Reporting            Period           from
                        Year of                                                            Period         Period       (RMB ten         related
Name           Gender   birth     Position                   Term of Office               (share)        (share)      thousand)          parties

ZHANG Liqing   M        1963      External Supervisor          October 2020 – 2023            ─              ─             13.00             No
                                                                  election


LI Jian        M        1966      Employee Supervisor          March 2020 – 2023              ─              ─           355.59              No
                                                                 election


CHEN Qiong     F        1963      Executive Vice President     August 2018 – 2023             ─         200,000          327.53              No
                                                                  election


SHI Jie        M        1965      Executive Vice President     January 2017-2023              ─         200,000          327.53              No
                                                                  election


LI Bin         F        1967      Executive Vice President     January 2017 – 2023            ─         200,000          327.53              No
                                                                  election


LIN Yunshan    M        1970      Executive Vice President     January 2017 – 2023            ─         200,000          327.53              No
                                                                  election


HU Qinghua     M        1963      Executive Vice President     August 2018 – 2023             ─         200,000          327.26              No
                                                                  election
                                  Chief Risk Officer           August 2017 –
                                                                  October 2020


BAI Dan        F        1963      Chief Financial Officer      May 2012 – 2023            10,000        210,000          335.25              No
                                                                 election
                                  Board Secretary              August 2018 – 2023
                                                                  election


ZHANG Yuebo    M        1962      Chief Audit Officer          February 2017 – 2023           ─         200,000          278.66              No
                                                                  election
134 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                                                                                                  Aggregate
                                                                                                                               remuneration
                                                                                                      Shares                      before tax
                                                                                                  held at the   Shares held         received            Any
                                                                                                   beginning     at the end       during the   remuneration
                                                                                                       of the         of the      Reporting        received
                                                                                                   Reporting     Reporting            Period           from
                                  Year of                                                              Period         Period       (RMB ten         related
 Name                 Gender      birth     Position                  Term of Office                  (share)        (share)      thousand)          parties

 OUYANG Yong          M           1963      Assistant President         June 2018 - 2023                  ─         200,000          276.19              No
                                                                           election


 Resigned Directors and Supervisors


 HONG Qi              M           1957      Former Chairman &           November 2014 – July              ─              ─           296.50              No
                                               Executive Director         2020


 TIAN Suning          M           1963      Former Independent Non-     June 2018 – October               ─              ─             74.50             No
                                               Executive Director          2020


 WANG Jiazhi          M           1959      Former Vice Chairman        April 2012 – March 2020      911,664             ─             15.15             No
                                               of the Board of
                                               Supervisors &
                                               Employee Supervisor


 WANG Hang            M           1971      Former Shareholder          February 2017 –                   ─              ─             61.50             No
                                               Supervisor                  October 2020


 ZHANG Bo             M           1973      Former Shareholder          February 2017 –                   ─              ─             56.50            Yes
                                               Supervisor                  October 2020


 BAO Jiming           M           1952      Former External             February 2017 –                   ─              ─             56.50             No
                                               Supervisor                  October 2020


Notes:

1.   According to the Guidelines on Corporate Governance of Commercial Banks, independent directors must not serve for a term
     of more than six years in the same commercial bank. According to the Articles of Association of the Bank, the former directors
     shall perform the duties of directors in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, rules and Articles of Association
     before the newly elected director takes office. Therefore, the actual terms of office of the Independent Directors, namely Mr.
     Liu Jipeng, Mr. Li Hancheng, Mr. Xie Zhichun, Mr. Peng Xuefeng and Mr. Liu Ningyu will comply with the requirements above;
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020      135


                              DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



2.   According to the regulations of the CSRC, the commencement date of the terms of office of re-elected Directors, Supervisors
     and Senior Management in the above table shall be the date of their first appointment and qualification approval. As the
     qualifications of Mr. Weng Zhenjie and Mr. Zhao Peng as Directors are subject to the approval of the CBIRC, the commence
     date of their terms of office is temporarily taken as the date when they are elected at the shareholders’ general meeting;

3.   On 23 December 2020, Senior Management of the Company purchased ordinary H shares of the Company with their own
     funds, and undertook that such shares purchased were subject to a lock-up period of two years from the date of purchase. For
     details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 December 2020 published on the HKEXnews website of
     the SEHK and the announcement dated 24 December 2020 on the website of SSE;

4.   Since April 2020, Mr. Song Chunfeng has not been receiving the remuneration as a Director;

5.   During the Reporting Period, the total pre-tax remuneration of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management was RMB61,798,900. The total pre-tax remuneration of the incumbent Executive Directors, Chairman of the
     Board of Supervisors, Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and Senior Management is still under confirmation and
     further disclosure regarding such unconfirmed part will be made by the Company in due course;

6.   During the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management or Directors, Supervisors
     or Senior Management resigned during the Reporting Period had been subject to any penalty imposed by the securities
     regulatory authorities during the past three years.


(II) Appointment and Resignation of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Directors
    On 5 June 2020, the Resolution on Nominating Mr. Gao Yingxin as a Candidate for Executive Director
of the Company was considered and approved at the 19th extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of
the Board of the Company. On 29 June 2020, Mr. Gao Yingxin was elected as an Executive Director of the
Company at the 2019 annual general meeting of the Company.


    On 30 June 2020, the Company received the resignation letter tendered by Mr. Hong Qi, stating that due
to his age, he tendered his resignation as an Executive Director and Chairman of the seventh session of the
Board, Chairman of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and a member
of the Nomination Committee under the Board and other positions of the Company. On 30 June 2020, the
Resolution on Electing Chairman of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company was considered and
approved at the 21st extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Gao
Yingxin was elected as Chairman of the seventh session of the Board of the Company. In accordance with
relevant requirements, Mr. Hong Qi continued to perform the duties of Director, Chairman of the Board,
Chairman of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and a member of the
Nomination Committee until 16 July 2020, when the CBIRC approved the qualifications of Mr. Gao Yingxin as
Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of the Company.


   On 28 August 2020, the Resolution on the List of Candidates for Directors of the Eighth Session of the
Board of the Company was considered and approved at the 22nd meeting of the seventh session of the
Board of the Company.
136 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    On 16 October 2020, the eighth session of the Board of the Company was elected at the second
extraordinary general meeting for 2020. The eighth session of the Board consists of 17 Directors, including
9 Shareholder Directors, namely Mr. Zhang Hongwei, Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, Mr. Liu Yonghao, Mr. Shi Yuzhu, Mr.
Wu Di, Mr. Song Chunfeng, Mr. Weng Zhenjie, Mr. Yang Xiaoling and Mr. Zhao Peng, and 6 Independent
Directors, namely Mr. Liu Jipeng, Mr. Li Hancheng, Mr. Xie Zhichun, Mr. Peng Xuefeng, Mr. Liu Ningyu and
Mr. Qu Xinjiu, and 2 Executive Directors namely Mr. Gao Yingxin and Mr. Zheng Wanchun. Mr. Tian Suning
ceased to act as an Independent Director of the Company. As at the date of the disclosure of this report, the
qualifications of Mr. Weng Zhenjie and Mr. Zhao Peng as Directors are subject to the approval of the CBIRC.


    On 16 October 2020, the Resolution on Electing Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Eighth Session of
the Board of the Company was considered and approved at the first meeting of the eighth session of the
Board of the Company. Mr. Gao Yingxin was elected as Chairman of the Board and Mr. Zhang Hongwei, Mr.
Lu Zhiqiang, Mr. Liu Yonghao and Mr. Zheng Wanchun were elected as Vice Chairmen of the Board. On 21
December 2020, the CBIRC approved the qualification of Mr. Zheng Wanchun as Vice Chairman of the Board
of the Company.


     On 16 October 2020, the Resolution on Nominating Mr. Yuan Guijun as a Candidate for Executive
Director of the Company was considered and approved at the first meeting of the eighth session of the
Board of the Company. On 22 January 2021, Mr. Yuan Guijun was elected as an Executive Director at the
first extraordinary general meeting of the Company for 2021. On 29 March 2021, the CBIRC approved the
qualification of Mr. Yuan Guijun as an Executive Director of the Bank.


Supervisors
    On 13 March 2020, Mr. Wang Jiazhi ceased to act as a Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and a
member of the related special committees under the Board of Supervisors due to retirement. Mr. Li Jian was
elected as an Employee Supervisor at the employee representatives meeting of the Company.


    On 28 August 2020, the Resolution on the List of Candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and External
Supervisors of the Eighth Session of the Board of Supervisors was considered and approved at the 23rd
meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company, and Mr. Lu Zhongnan, Mr. Zhao
Huan John and Mr. Li Yu were nominated as candidates for Shareholder Supervisors, and Mr. Wang Yugui,
Mr. Zhao Fugao and Mr. Zhang Liqing were nominated as candidates for External Supervisors.


    On 25 September 2020, Mr. Zhang Juntong, Mr. Guo Dong and Mr. Li Jian were elected as Employee
Supervisors of the eighth session of the Board of Supervisors at the employee representative meeting of
the Company. On 16 October 2020, Mr. Lu Zhongnan, Mr. Zhao Huan John and Mr. Li Yu were elected
as Shareholder Supervisors, and Mr. Wang Yugui, Mr. Zhao Fugao and Mr. Zhang Liqing were elected as
External Supervisors at the second extraordinary general meeting for 2020 of the Company. Together with
the three Employee Supervisors elected at the employee representatives meeting, the eighth session of the
Board of Supervisors was established consisting nine members. Mr. Wang Hang, Mr. Zhang Bo and Mr. Bao
Jiming ceased to act as Supervisors of the Company.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020       137


                          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    On 16 October 2020, Mr. Zhang Juntong was elected as Chairman and Mr. Guo Dong was elected as
Vice Chairman of the eighth session of the Board of Supervisors at the first meeting of the eighth session of
the Board of Supervisors.


Senior Management
    On 16 October 2020, the Resolution on Appointing President of China Minsheng Bank, Resolution on
Appointing Executive Vice Presidents of China Minsheng Bank, Resolution on Appointing Chief Financial
Officer of China Minsheng Bank, Resolution on Appointing Board Secretary of China Minsheng Bank,
Resolution on Appointing Chief Audit Officer of China Minsheng Bank, and Resolution on Appointing
Assistant President of China Minsheng Bank were considered and approved at the first meeting of the eighth
session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Zheng Wanchun was appointed as President, Mr. Yuan Guijun,
Ms. Chen Qiong, Mr. Shi Jie, Ms. Li Bin, Mr. Lin Yunshan and Mr. Hu Qinghua were appointed as Executive
Vice Presidents, Ms. Bai Dan was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Board Secretary, Mr. Zhang Yuebo
was appointed as Chief Audit Officer, and Mr. Ouyang Yong was appointed as an Assistant President. On 17
December 2020, the CBIRC approved the qualification of Mr. Yuan Guijun as an Executive Vice President of
the Company.


(III) Positions held by current Directors and Supervisors in shareholders’ companies
                       Name of the Company’s
 Name                  shareholder’s company                  Position                              Term of Office

 Zhang Hongwei         Orient Group Co., Ltd.                 Chairman of the board of directors     1 March 2014 – Present
 Lu Zhiqiang           China Oceanwide Holdings               Chairman of the board of directors     May 1999 – Present
                          Group Co., Ltd.
 Liu Yonghao           New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd.               Director                               January 2003 – Present
 Wu Di                 Good First Group Co., Ltd.             Chairman of the board of directors     January 2003 – Present
                                                                 and president
 Song Chunfeng         China Shipowners Mutual Assurance      General manager                        March 2016 – Present
                          Association
 Weng Zhenjie          Chongqing International Trust Company Chairman of the board of directors      November 2014 – Present
                          Limited
 Yang Xiaoling         Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.        Deputy general manager and chief       November 2019 – Present
                                                                operating officer
                       Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.         General manager                        March 2019 – Present
 Zhao Peng             Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd.        Assistant general manager              September 2020 – Present
                                                                 and board secretary
138 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(IV) Major working experience of current Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Directors
Executive Directors
    Mr. Gao Yingxin, born in 1962, is Chairman and an Executive Director of the Bank and Chairman of
the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and a member of the Nomination
Committee and the Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board. Mr. Gao is Chairman
of CMBC International and a member of the 13th CPPCC National Committee. Before joining the Bank, he
was a vice chairman of the board and the chief executive of BOC Hong Kong (Holdings) Limited (listed on
the SEHK (stock code: 02388)) and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from January 2018 to May 2020, an
executive director of Bank of China Limited (BOC) (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601988) and on the SEHK
(stock code: 03988)) from December 2016 to January 2018, a non-executive director of BOC Hong Kong
(Holdings) Limited from March 2015 to January 2018, an executive vice president of BOC from February
2015 to January 2018, an executive director and a deputy chief executive of BOC Hong Kong (Holdings)
Limited and Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited from February 2005 to February 2015, president and chief
operating officer of BOC International Holdings Limited from July 2004 to February 2005, general manager
of the corporate banking department of BOC head office from June 1999 to July 2004 and a deputy general
manager of the credit department and a deputy general manager of the corporate banking department of
BOC head office from September 1996 to June 1999. Mr. Gao obtained his Master’s Degree in Engineering
from the East China University of Science and Technology in 1986 and is a senior economist.


    Mr. Zheng Wanchun, born in 1964, is a Vice Chairman, an Executive Director and President of the Bank.
He is also a member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Risk
Management Committee under the Board. Before joining the Bank, Mr. Zheng served as a vice president of
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (ICBC) (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601398) and listed
on the SEHK (stock code: 01398)) from September 2013 to October 2015. Prior to that, he was president of
China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation from February 2011 to September 2013, a vice president
of China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd., chairman of Huarong Securities and chairman of Rongde
Asset Management Co., Ltd., a joint venture of China and Germany, from December 2004 to February 2011,
and served concurrently as chairman of Huarong Futures from January 2009 to February 2011. He was also
an assistant president of China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd from September 2003 to December
2004, general manager of the operation management department of China Huarong Asset Management Co.,
Ltd. from April 2002 to August 2004, general manager of the creditor rights management department of
China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd. from June 2000 to April 2002, a deputy general manager of the
industrial and commercial credit department of ICBC head office from October 1999 to June 2000, general
manager of the business department and an assistant president of ICBC Hainan branch from November 1998
to October 1999, president of the Yangpu branch of Hainan Province of ICBC from April 1997 to November
1998, a deputy division director then division director of the industrial and transportation credit department
of ICBC head office from July 1991 to April 1997. Mr. Zheng obtained his Ph.D. Degree in Economics from
Renmin University of China in 2000 and is a senior economist.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020   139


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



     Mr. Yuan Guijun, born in 1963, is an Executive Director and an Executive Vice President of the Bank
and a member of the Risk Management Committee and Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee.
Before joining the Company, Mr. Yuan was president of the Beijing branch of China Construction Bank
(CCB) from 2017 to 2020, president of CCB Liaoning branch from 2013 to 2017, a deputy general manager
then general manager of the corporate banking department of CCB head office from 2007 to 2013, and an
assistant general manager then a deputy general manager of the risk management department of CCB head
office from 2004 to 2007. He also worked in the investment department, credit management department,
credit risk management department and the credit management division of the risk management department
of CCB head office from 1986 to 2004. Mr. Yuan obtained his EMBA Degree from Tsinghua University and is
a senior economist.


Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. Zhang Hongwei, born in 1954, is a Vice Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Company,
and also a member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the
Nomination Committee under the Board. Mr. Zhang is chairman of United Energy Group Limited (listed on the
SEHK (stock code: 00467)) and Orient Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang was previously the honorary chairman and
a director of Orient Group Incorporation (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600811)), chairman of Jinzhou Port
Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600190)), a member of the 11th CPPCC National Committee and a
standing committee member of the 10th CPPCC National Committee. Mr. Zhang served as a vice chairman of
ACFIC from 1997 to 2007. Mr. Zhang obtained his MBA Degree from Harbin Institute of Technology in 1996
and is a senior economist.

    Mr. Lu Zhiqiang, born in 1951, is a Vice Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Bank, and a
member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Nomination
Committee under the Board. Mr. Lu was a Director of the Company from the establishment of the Company
to June 2003, Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company from June 2003 to December 2004,
and a Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of the Company from December 2004 to June 2006. Mr.
Lu is chairman and president of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. and Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., and chairman of
China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu was president of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
Ltd. and chairman of Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000046)). Mr. Lu was
also a non-executive director of Legend Holdings Corporation (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 03396)) and
a director of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK (stock
code: 06837)). Mr. Lu served successively as a standing committee member and a vice chairman of ACFIC
from 1998 to 2012 and a member of the 9th and 10th CPPCC National Committee and a standing committee
member of the 11th and 12th CPPCC National Committee from 1998 to 2018. Mr. Lu obtained his Master’s
Degree in Economics from Fudan University in 1995 and is a research fellow.
140 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    Mr. Liu Yonghao, born in 1951, is a Vice Chairman and a Non-Executive Director of the Company, and
a member of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Nomination
Committee under the Board. He was previously a Vice Chairman of the Board from the establishment of the
Company to 2006. Mr. Liu is currently chairman and president of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., a director of
New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000876)) and chairman of the General Association
of Sichuan Entrepreneurs. Mr. Liu is a member of the 13th CPPCC National Committee, a vice president
of China Association of Agricultural Leading Enterprises, a vice president of China Association for Public
Companies and one of the promoters of China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program. Mr. Liu was
previously a vice chairman of the seventh and eighth sessions of ACFIC, a member of the 8th, 9th, 10th
and 11th CPPCC National Committee, a standing committee member of the 9th and 10th CPPCC National
Committee, a vice chairman of the 10th and 11th Committee for Economic Affairs of CPPCC National
Committee, a representative of the 12th National People’s Congress (NPC) and a vice president of China
Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program.


    Mr. Shi Yuzhu, born in 1962, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of the Strategic
Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Nomination Committee under the Board.
Mr. Shi was previously a Non-Executive Director of the Company from 2006 to 2014. Mr. Shi is chairman of
Giant Network Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002558)) (formerly known as Chongqing New
Century Cruise Co., Ltd.), Giant Interactive Group Inc (formerly known as Shanghai ZhengTu Interactive Group
Inc) and Giant Charity Foundation. Mr. Shi was previously a director of Shanghai ZhengTu Interactive Group
Inc from 2006 to 2018, and a vice chairman of China Minsheng Investment Group Corp., Ltd. from 2014 to
2018. Mr. Shi obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics from Zhejiang University in 1984 and graduated
from the postgraduate program of soft science from Shenzhen University in 1990.


    Mr. Wu Di, born in 1965, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Related Party
Transaction Supervision Committee under the Board. Mr. Wu is chairman of the board of directors of Good
First Group Co., Ltd., a director of Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank and chairman of the board
of directors and an executive director of Datang Group Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code:
02117)). Mr. Wu is a representative of the Fujian Provincial People’s Congress, a vice chairman of Fujian
Province Association of Industry and Commerce, an honorary vice chairman of Fujian Province Guangcai
Promotion Society, honorary chairman of the Non-Stated-Owned Enterprise Chamber of Commerce in Fujian,
a committee member of the CPPCC Xiamen, a vice chairman of Xiamen Municipal Committee of China
National Democratic Construction Association, honorary chairman of the 1st session of Xiamen Chamber of
Commerce in Shanghai, chairman of the Liaoning Chamber of Commerce in Fujian and a council member of
Jimei University. Mr. Wu obtained his Ph.D. Degree in Economics from Renmin University of China in 2014
and now serves as a guest professor of Renmin University of China. Mr. Wu is a senior economist.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020   141


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    Mr. Song Chunfeng, born in 1969, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of
the Risk Management Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision
Committee under the Board. Mr. Song is general manager of China Shipowners Mutual Assurance
Association, a vice president of China Shipowners’ Association, vice chairman of Quanzhou Jinjiang COSCO
Development Co., Ltd., an executive director of China P&I Management Co., Ltd., director of China P &
I Services (Hong Kong) Limited, an executive director of Shanghai Haixing Asset Management Limited, a
director of CPI Services (UK) Limited. Mr. Song was a supervisor of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on
the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK (stock code: 06837)), a managing director of COSCO (Hong
Kong) Insurance Brokers Limited, chairman of the board of directors and general manager of Shenzhen
COSCO Insurance Brokers Limited, a manager of the commerce division under the transportation department
of COSCO/China COSCO Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601919) and on the SEHK (stock
code: 01919)), and a principal staff member, a deputy director, director and a manager of the commerce
division of the department of commerce under the department of transportation of COSCO. Mr. Song
obtained his Ph.D. Degree in Law from Peking University in 2006 and is a senior economist.


    Mr. Weng Zhenjie, born in 1962, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of the
Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee, the Compensation and Remuneration
Committee and the Audit Committee under the Board. Mr. Weng is chairman of Chongqing International
Trust Company Limited and GuoDu Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on National Equities Exchange and Quotations
(stock code: 870488)). Mr. Weng also serves as a director of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank Co., Ltd., Hefei
Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank Company Limited, China Trust Protection Fund Co., Ltd.,
and China Trust Registration Corporation Limited, a vice chairman of the Chongqing Committee of China
National Democratic Construction Association (CNDCA), a standing committee member of the 5th Chongqing
Committee of CPPCC and a deputy officer of the 11th Central Financial Committee of CNDCA. Mr. Weng
worked as chairman and chief executive officer of Chongqing International Trust Company Limited, chairman
of Southwest Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600369)), chairman of Chongqing Three
Gorges Bank Co., Ltd., a member of the 9th Central Economic Committee of CNDCA, a deputy officer of the
10th Central Financial Committee of CNDCA, a deputy to the third and fourth Chongqing Municipal People’s
Congress, and a standing committee member of Chongqing Municipal People’s Congress, a deputy general
manager of Beijing Centergate Technologies (Holding) Co., Ltd. and an instructor of the Chinese People’s
Liberation Army Institute of Telecommunication Engineering. Mr. Weng obtained his Master’s Degree in
Engineering in 1986. He is a senior economist and an expert with special allowances of the State Council.
142 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    Mr. Yang Xiaoling, born in 1958, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board. Mr. Yang is currently a deputy general
manager and chief operating officer of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. and general manager of Dajia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. Mr. Yang served as an assistant general manager (chief digital officer) of China Pacific
Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601601); on the SEHK (stock code: 02601); and
on the London Stock Exchange (stock code: CPIC)), a deputy executive general manager and director of
transformation and promotion of China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd., general manager of strategic planning
department of China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co. Ltd., general manager of the Beijing branch of China
Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd., a deputy director of of the claim underwriting and settlement centre of
China Pacific Life Insurance Co. Ltd., a department manager and a deputy general manager of the Shanghai
branch of China Pacific Life Insurance Co., Ltd. Mr. Yang obtained his MBA degree from Macau University of
Science and Technology in 2002. He has the qualification for an intermediate-level insurance economist.


     Mr. Zhao Peng, born in 1973, is a Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of the
Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee and the Risk Management Committee
under the Board. Mr. Zhao is currently an assistant general manager and board secretary of Dajia Insurance
Group Co., Ltd., a director of Beijing Tong Ren Tang Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600085)), and
a vice chairman of Financial Street Holdings Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000402)). Mr. Zhao
served as a member of the team designated by the CBIRC to take over Anbang Insurance Group, a deputy
division director then division director of the development and reform department of the former CIRC, and an
executive member of Rizhao Commercial Bank. Mr. Zhao obtained his Ph.D. Degree in Economic Law from
China University of Political Science and Law in 2014. He has the qualification for an economist.


Independent Non-Executive Directors
    Mr. Liu Jipeng, born in 1956, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and Chairman
of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee and the
Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board. Mr. Liu is currently dean, a tier-2
professor and a doctoral supervisor of the Business School and Capital Finance Institute of China University
of Political Science and Law. He is also a legal adviser of the State-Owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council, a deputy head of the Independent Non-executive Director
Committee of China Association for Public Companies, a vice chairman of China Enterprise Reform and
Development Society and chief expert of major program of the National Social Science Fund of China, an
independent non-executive director of Zhongjin Gold Corporation Limited. (listed on the SSE (stock code:
600489)), China Oceanwide Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00715)), Chongqing Changan
Automobile Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000625)), China Tonghai International Financial Limited
(previously known as China Oceanwide International Financial Limited, and listed on the SEHK (stock code:
00952)), Valiant Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002643)), and CECEP Guozhen Environmental
Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 300388)). Mr. Liu was a dean of the
Business School of China University of Political Science and Law, a professor of the Research Centre of
Law and Economics of China University of Political Science and Law, a professor and director of corporate
research centre of the Capital University of Economics and Business, a director and an associate professor
of CITIC International Research Centre (中信國際研究所) and a research associate and academic secretary
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   143


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(deputy director level) of the Institute of Industrial Economics of China Academy of Social Science. He was
an independent non-executive director of AVIC Capital Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600705)), an
independent non-executive director of Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co., Ltd. (previously listed on the
SEHK (stock code: 03699) (delisted)), an independent non-executive director of Wanda Hotel Development
Company Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00169)), and an independent non-executive director
of China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park Development Group Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code:
601512)). Mr. Liu obtained his Bachelor’s Degree from the Department of Industry and Economics of Beijing
Institute of Economics in 1983 and his Master’s Degree in Economics from the Chinese Academy of Social
Sciences in 1986. Mr. Liu has the qualifications for tier-2 professor, senior professor, and senior economist
and is a certified public accountant (non-practicing).


    Mr. Liu has many years of experience in economic studies and management of listed companies and can
diversify the composition of the Board. He will provide the Board with knowledge and experience in strategic
management and corporate governance.


     Mr. Li Hancheng, born in 1963, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and Chairman
of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee, the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee and the Risk Management Committee under the Board. Mr.
Li is a senior partner, director, and chairman of the business management and risk control committee under
the board of Beijing S&P Law Firm and director of the executive committee and a lawyer of Beijing S&P
Haikou Law Firm, and qualified as a lawyer in the People’s Republic of China. He is also a member of China
Maritime Law Association, All China Lawyers Association, and Beijing Lawyers’ Association. He has been an
independent non-executive director of Styland Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00211)), an
external director of Beijing Electronics Holding Company Limited, and an independent director of SnowValley
Agricultural Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Li was the administration officer and manager of Beijing S&P Law
Firm and a staff member, a principal staff member and a deputy director of the office of personnel, and an
assistant judge, a judge and a senior judge of the economic division of the Supreme People’s Court of the
People’s Republic of China. Mr. Li obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Law from Southwest College of Political
Science & Law (currently known as Southwest University of Political Science and Law) in 1984.


    Mr. Li has many years of experience in commercial laws and can diversify the composition of the Board.
He will contribute to compliance risk management of the Company in respect of the commercial and legal
areas.


    Mr. Xie Zhichun, born in 1958, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and
also Chairman of the Risk Management Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee and
the Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board. Mr. Xie is an executive director and
chairman of China Fortune Financial Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00290)), an independent
non-executive director of China Taiping Insurance Holdings Company Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code:
00966)), a vice chairman of the consultation committee of Qianhai & Shekou Area of Shenzhen of China
(Guangdong) Pilot Free Trade Zone and Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone, a distinguished
professor of the Research Centre for Economic Development in China’s Special Economic Zone in Shenzhen
144 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



University and a postgraduate supervisor of PBC School of Finance of Tsinghua University. Mr. Xie served as
an independent non-executive director of SuperRobotics Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code:
08176)), a non-executive director of China Smartpay Group Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code:
08325)), a deputy general manager of China Investment Corporation and an executive director and general
manager of Central Huijin Investment Ltd., an executive director and a deputy general manager of China
Everbright Group Limited, chairman of the board of directors of Sun Life Everbright Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,
chairman of the board of directors of Sun Life Everbright Asset Management Co., Ltd., a vice president
of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601818) and on the SEHK
(stock code: 06818)), a director and president of Everbright Securities Company Limited, a vice chairman
(unattending) of China Enterprises Association (Singapore), and a vice chairman (unattending) of Securities
Association of China. Mr. Xie obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Philosophy from Heilongjiang University
in 1982, Master’s Degree in Economics from Harbin Institute of Technology in 1993 and Ph.D. Degree in
Economics from Nankai University in 2004. Mr. Xie attended advanced management programmes in Yale
School of Management in the United States from August to September 2011 and in Harvard Business School
(AMP156) from April to July 1999, respectively. Mr. Xie is a senior economist.


    Mr. Xie has many years of experience in the management of banks and asset management companies
and can diversify the composition of the Board. He will provide the Board with experience in financial
investment and management of banking business.


     Mr. Peng Xuefeng, born in 1962, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and
Chairman of the Nomination Committee, and a member of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee
and the Audit Committee under the Board. Mr. Peng is director of Dentons China (Beijing Dacheng Law
Office), and an independent non-executive director of Dong Yi Ri Sheng Home Decoration Group Co., Ltd.
(listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002713)). Mr. Peng was a lawyer of Beijing No. 4 Law Firm (北京市第四律
師事務所), a lawyer and deputy director of Beijing Yanshan Law Firm (北京市燕山區律師事務所), a clerk of
Cangzhou Intermediate People’s Court, Hebei Province. He served as an independent non-executive director
of Beijing Haohua Energy Resource Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601101)), Beijing SINODATA
Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 002657)), Beijing Vantone Real Estate Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE
(stock code: 600246)), Shandong Shipping Corporation (listed on National Equities Exchange and Quotations
(stock code: 835589)), Huida Sanitary Ware Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 603385)) and Henan
Zhongfu Industrial Co., Ltd (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600595)). He was also a standing committee
member of the 12th National Committee of CPPCC, a representative of the 11th NPC, a vice president of the
fifth session of All China Lawyers Association, a standing council member of the fourth session of All China
Lawyers Association, a vice chairman of the sixth and the seventh sessions of Beijing Lawyers Association,
a standing council member of the fourth and the fifth sessions of Beijing Lawyers Association, a member of
the standing committee of the 10th session of All-China Youth Federation, a member of the eighth session
of All-China Youth Federation, a standing member and chief supervisor of the ninth session of Beijing Youth
Federation and a member of the seventh and eighth sessions of Beijing Youth Federation. Mr. Peng obtained
his Ph.D. Degree in International Finance Law from Peking University in 2008 and has the qualification of
lawyer, qualification of lawyer engaged in securities and qualification of certified tax agent.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   145


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    Mr. Peng has many years of experience in legal practice and public administration and can diversify the
composition of the Board. He will provide advice on legal matters and improve the internal control system of
the Company.


     Mr. Liu Ningyu, born in 1969, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and Chairman
of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee, the Compensation and Remuneration
Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board. Mr. Liu serves as
the managing partner of Zhongshen Zhonghuan Certified Public Accountants (special general partnership),
a vice chairman of Liaoning Institute of Certified Public Accountant, a vice chairman of Liaoning Province
Appraisal Society, a director of China Engineering Cost Association and an independent non-executive
director of Luoyang Zhongchao New Material Co., Ltd. He was the managing partner of Ruihua Certified
Public Accountants (special general partnership) (瑞華會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）), the managing partner
of Crowe Horwath China CPAs (special general partnership) (國富浩華會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）), chief
executive officer of Crowe Horwath China CPAs (國富浩華會計師事務所有限公司), the chief accountant of
Liaoning Wanlong Jinhui CPA Co., Ltd. (遼寧萬隆金匯會計師事務所有限公司), a project manager of Liaoning
Accounting Firm (遼寧會計師事務所) and an independent non-executive director of Jinzhou Port Co., Ltd.
(listed on the SSE (stock code: 600190)). Mr. Liu obtained his MBA Degree from Macau University of Science
and Technology in 2004 and studied in an advanced course for Executive Modern Corporate Management
(EMBA) at Peking University from 2012 to 2013. Mr. Liu is a professor-level senior accountant, a certified
public accountant, a certified public valuer, a certified public accountant in Australia, one of the national
leading talents in accounting and a senior member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


   Mr. Liu has many years of experience in accounting and corporate governance and can diversify the
composition of the Board. He will provide valuable advice to the Board on financial management and audit.


    Mr. Qu Xinjiu, born in 1964, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and a member of
the Nomination Committee, the Audit Committee and the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee
under the Board. He is currently a professor of China University of Political Science and Law and a part-time
lawyer of Beijing Fada Law Firm. Mr. Qu served as a deputy dean and dean of School of Criminal Justice
of China University of Political Science and Law, director of Institute of Criminal Law of School of Criminal
Justice of China University of Political Science and Law, and served concurrently as a deputy director of
the investigation supervision department of the Supreme People’s Procuratorate of the People’s Republic
of China, a deputy procurator-general of People’s Procuratorate of Fengtai District of Beijing Municipality,
a part-time associate of Beijing Dadi Law Firm. Mr. Qu obtained his Ph.D. degree in Procedural Law from
China University of Political Science and Law in 2001. Mr. Qu has the qualifications for university teacher and
lawyer.


    Mr. Qu has many years of experience in legal practice and can promote the diversification of composition
of the Board. He will provide the Board valuable advice on policy making and compliant operation.
146 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



Supervisors
     Mr. Zhang Juntong, born in 1974, is Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and an Employee Supervisor
of the Company. He is also Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and a member of the Nomination and
Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Zhang joined the Bank in 2016. Before that,
Mr. Zhang served as director of the office of the general office then a deputy director-general of the general
office of the former CBRC. He served as a deputy division director then a consultant of the general office of
the CSRC. Mr. Zhang also served in China National Technical Import and Export Corporation (中國技術進出口
總公司) and China General Technology (Group) Holding Limited (中國通用技術（集團）控股有限責任公司). Mr.
Zhang obtained his Master’s Degree in World Economy from Peking University.


     Mr. Guo Dong, born in 1961, is Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and an Employee Supervisor
of the Company. He is also a member of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr.
Guo joined the Company in February 2015. Before that, Mr. Guo was previously an deputy division director,
division director, an associate inspector (deputy bureau level) then inspector (bureau level) of the Bureau
V of the United Front Department of CPC Central Committee, a principal staff member then a deputy
division director of Beijing Municipal Economic and Technological Cooperative Office, a staff member, a
deputy principal staff member then a principal staff member of the general office of the State Organs Work
Committee of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee. He also served in the PLA and worked in Changzheng
Automobile Manufacturing Factory (河北省長征汽車製造廠) in Hebei Province. Mr. Guo obtained his MBA
Degree from Beijing Institute of Technology.


     Mr. Lu Zhongnan, born in 1955, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Bank and is also a member of the
Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
of the Bank. Mr. Lu was previously a division director of the PBOC Heilongjiang branch, a vice president of
the PBOC Harbin branch, a vice president and then an executive vice president of the PBOC Heilongjiang
branch, a vice president of the PBOC Shenyang Branch. He was also a director of Orient Group Incorporation
(listed on the SSE (stock code: 600811)), a director of New China Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (listed on the
SSE (stock code: 601336) and on the SEHK (stock code: 01336)), a vice chairman and president of China
Minzu Securities Co., Ltd., chairman of Shenzhen New Industries Venture Capital Co., Ltd., a director, a
vice chairman, and chairman of the executive committee under the board of directors of New China Trust
Co., Ltd. and an independent director of Qilu Bank Co.,Ltd. (listed on the National Equities Exchange and
Quotations (stock code: 832666)). Mr. Lu graduated from the postgraduate course for advanced studies in
economic management from Heilongjiang Provincial Academy of Social Sciences and is a senior economist.


    Mr. Zhao Huan John, born in 1963, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company and a member of
the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors of the Company. Mr. Zhao is
a chairman and president of Hony Capital, a non-executive director of Legend Holdings Corporation (listed
on the SEHK (stock code: 03396)), China Glass Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 03300)),
Lenovo Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00992)), Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and
Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the SZSE (stock code: 000157) and on the SEHK (stock code: 01157), and
Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600754)). He is also an
executive director and chairman of BFC Holdings Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 01488)), a
non-executive director of ENN Natural Gas Co., Ltd. (formerly known as ENN Ecological Holdings Co., Ltd.)
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   147


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(listed on the SSE (stock code: 600803)), an executive director and chairman of the board of directors of
Goldstream Investment Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 01328)), a non-executive director of Simcere
Pharmaceutical Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 02096)) and a non-executive director of
Eros STX Global Corporation (listed on the NYSE (stock code: ESGC)). Mr. Zhao graduated from the School
of Physics of Nanjing University. He obtained his dual Master’s Degrees in Electronic Engineering and
Physics from Northern Illinois University, and his MBA Degree from the Kellogg School of Management of
Northwestern University.


    Mr. Li Yu, born in 1974, is a Shareholder Supervisor of the Company. He is also a member of the
Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Li is a vice chairman of Shanghai Innovation Investment Limited (上海創新投資有限公司). Mr. Li was
previously the executive president of Shandong Yatai Zhonghui Group Co., Ltd. (山東亞太中慧集團) and a vice
president of Pacific Alliance Group. Mr. Li obtained his Master’s Degree in Economics (major in Finance) from
the School of Finance of Renmin University of China.


    Mr. Wang Yugui, born in 1951, is an External Supervisor of the Company and a member of the
Supervisory Committee and Chairman of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of
Supervisors. Mr. Wang is an independent non-executive director of Bank of Hebei Co., Ltd., an arbitrator
of the Maritime Arbitration Commission of China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, and an
independent director of Asia-Pacific Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang was general manager
of China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association, an executive council member of China Maritime Law
Association and the China Association of Trade in Services. He was also a non-executive director and a
supervisor of China Everbright Bank (listed on the SSE (stock code: 601818) and on the SEHK (stock code:
06818)), a Non-Executive Director of the first to sixth sessions of the Board of the Company and a supervisor
of Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. (listed on the SSE (stock code: 600837) and on the SEHK (stock code: 06837)).
Mr. Wang graduated from Beijing International Studies University in 1977 and is a senior economist.


    Mr. Zhao Fugao, born in 1955, is an External Supervisor of the Company and a member of the
Supervisory Committee and the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Zhao served as a staff member, a deputy principal staff member, a deputy division director, a division
director, a vice president and president of the CCB (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00939) and on the SSE
(stock code: 601939)) Sichuan branch, during which he concurrently served as president of the CCB Chengdu
branch. He was also general manager of the personal deposit and investment department of the head office
of CCB, and person in charge of the preparatory team of insurance business of CCB. He was also president
and a vice chairman of CCB Life Insurance Company Limited (which was renamed as CCB Life Insurance Co.,
Ltd. in 2016) and head of the preparatory team of CCB Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. and CCB Life
Insurance Asset Management Company Limited. Mr. Zhao obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Economics from
Hubei University of Finance and Economics (currently known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law)
in January 1982. He is a senior economist and an expert with special allowances of the State Council.
148 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



     Mr. Zhang Liqing, born in 1963, is an External Supervisor of the Company and a member of the
Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors. Mr. Zhang currently works in the
Central University of Finance and Economics as a professor of School of Finance (a doctoral supervisor),
director of the Centre for International Finance Studies, and director of Collaborative Innovation Center for
Global Financial Governance. He is also an independent non-executive director of Gome Finance Technology
Co., Ltd. (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 00628)), an independent non-executive director of E-Star
Commercial Management Company Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 06668)) and an independent
director of Bank of Ruifeng. Mr. Zhang served as dean of the School of Finance, a deputy director of the
finance department and a director of the international finance teaching and research office of Central
University of Finance and Economics. He was also a visiting research fellow at the Fairbank Center for
Chinese Studies of Harvard University, a visiting research fellow at the Earth Institute of Columbia University,
a senior visiting research fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a visiting scholar at
the Economic Development Institute of the World Bank, a guest professor at the College of Asia and Pacific
of Australian National University, a guest professor at the Business School of University of Birmingham,
and a guest professor at the German University of Applied Sciences. He was an independent director of
China Securities Co., Ltd., and an independent director of Poly Developments and Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
(listed on the SSE (stock code: 600048)). Mr. Zhang obtained his Ph.D. Degree in Economics from Renmin
University of China (major in global economics).


     Mr. Li Jian, born in 1966, is an Employee Supervisor of the Company and a member of the Supervisory
Committee under the Board of Supervisors. He currently serves as General Manager of Executive Office of
the Head Office of the Company. Mr. Li joined the Company in August 1996 and successively served as a
staff of Planning and Finance Department, Division Director of Property Management Division of Planning
and Finance Department, an Assistant General Manager of Planning and Finance Department, a Deputy
Director of Executive Office and Director of Property Management Division, General Manager of Institution
Management Department, and General Manager of Property and Infrastructure Management Office of the
Head Office. He also worked as chairman of the board of supervisors of Minsheng Financial Leasing, during
which he concurrently served as Head of Working Team of Renovation and Construction Office of Head
Office Building and Head of Preparation Team of Nanchang Branch of the Company, respectively. Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Li worked as a lecturer at the Management Cadre College of the head office of
the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) (中國人民銀行總行幹部管理學院) and a principal staff member at the
infrastructure and finance division of the education department of the head office of the PBOC (中國人民
銀行總行教育司基建財務處). Mr. Li obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Finance from Southwest University of
Finance and Economics in July 1987 and his Master’s Degree in Management Science and Engineering from
Hunan University in July 2003 and is an accountant.


Senior Management
   Mr. Zheng Wanchun is a Vice Chairman of the Bank. Please refer to his biography in “Directors –
Executive Directors”.


   Mr. Yuan Guijun is an Executive Director of the Bank. Please refer to his biography in “Directors –
Executive Directors”.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   149


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



     Ms. Chen Qiong, born in 1963, is an Executive Vice President of the Bank. Ms. Chen joined the Bank
in April 2018. Before joining the Company, she was a deputy head of the discipline inspection group at
the former CBRC designated by the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection from 2016 to 2018
(director-general level), a deputy secretary of the disciplinary inspection committee and director-general of
the staff compliance and disciplinary bureau of the CBRC from 2014 to 2016, director-general of the CBRC
Anhui office from 2011 to 2014, a deputy director-general of the non-bank financial institutions supervision
department of the CBRC from 2006 to 2011, and a deputy director-general of the CBRC Fujian office from
2005 to 2006. She also worked as a principal staff member, a deputy division director, a researcher and a
division director in the law and regulation department of the CBRC as well as in the banking management
department, the Tianjin branch, the banking supervision department I, the audit supervision bureau and the
education department of the PBOC. Ms. Chen is a deputy to the 12th NPC. Ms. Chen Qiong obtained her
Master’s Degree in Public Administration from Columbia University in the United States and Ph.D. Degree in
Finance from Hunan University.


    Mr. Shi Jie, born in 1965, is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Shi joined the Company
in 1998, serving as General Manager of Planning and Finance Department of Shijiazhuang Sub-Branch of the
Company. He successively served as General Manager of Business Department of Shijiazhuang Branch since
March 2001, Deputy Division Director (in charge) of Risk Management Department of Head Office of the
Bank since July 2001, an Assistant General Manager and a Deputy General Manager of Credit Assessment
Department of Head Office since February 2004, Head of the Preparatory Team and President of Changchun
Branch since June 2008, General Manager of Credit Assessment Department of Head Office since August
2009 and an Assistant President of the Company since 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Shi served
as a section chief of the finance division of Hebei University of Economics and Business from 1995 to 1998
and an executive member of Taihang Industrial Co., Ltd. of Hebei Institute of Finance and Economics from
1992 to 1995. Mr. Shi obtained his Master’s Degree in Management from Tianjin Institute of Finance and
Economics.


    Ms. Li Bin, born in 1967, is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Ms. Li joined the Company
in 1995 and served as Division Director (in charge) of Capital Division of International Business Department
of the Company. She successively served as Deputy General Manager of Financial Institutions Department
since October 2000, General Manager of Derivatives Products Department since May 2007, President of
Financial Markets Department since May 2009 and an Assistant President of the Company since 2012. Prior
to joining the Company, Ms. Li worked in the international department of the Beijing branch of Agricultural
Bank of China from August 1990 to July 1995. Ms. Li obtained her Ph.D. Degree in Finance from the School
of Finance of Renmin University of China.


    Mr. Lin Yunshan, born in 1970, is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Lin joined the
Company in 2001, and successively served as the Division Director of Bills Business Division of Corporate
Business Department from 2002 to 2003, an Assistant General Manager of Corporate Business Department
from 2003 to 2005, a Vice President of Shenzhen Branch from 2005 to 2007, Director of the Office of
Corporate Banking Management committee and then General Manager of Corporate Banking Department
from 2007 to 2012, and an Assistant President of the Company since 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr.
150 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



Lin worked for the PBOC as a deputy principal staff member and a principal staff member of the payment
and settlement division of the accounting department from 1993 to 1998, a principal staff member of the
Payment system division of the payment technology department from 1998 to 1999 and a principal staff
member of the CCB supervisory division of the supervisory department I from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Lin obtained
his Master’s Degree in Finance from Renmin University of China.


    Mr. Hu Qinghua, born in 1963, is an Executive Vice President of the Company. Mr. Hu joined the
Company in November 1999, and served as a Vice President of Nanjing Branch, a Deputy Head of the
Preparatory Team of Fuzhou Branch then a Vice President of Fuzhou Branch from November 1999 to
March 2002, President of Chengdu Branch from March 2002 to January 2007, President of Nanjing Branch
from January 2007 to March 2015, President of Shanghai Branch from March 2015 to February 2017 and
concurrently President of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch, and Chief Risk Officer from February
2017 to October 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hu used to work in the PBOC Jiangsu branch as
a staff member, a deputy principal staff member of the gold and silver management division, a manager of
the financing centre and an assistant general manager of financial centre. He served as a deputy director (in
charge) of the Chengnan office under the Nanjing branch of Huaxia Bank from 1995 to 1997 and president
of the Chengnan sub-branch of the Nanjing branch of Huaxia Bank from 1997 to 1999. Mr. Hu obtained his
EMBA Degree from Nanjing University.


    Ms. Bai Dan, born in 1963, is Chief Financial Officer and Board Secretary of the Bank. Ms. Bai joined
the Company in 2000 as a Deputy General Manager of Planning and Finance Department. She also served
as a Deputy General Manager and General Manager of Accounting and Settlement Department and General
Manager of the Finance and Accounting Department of the Company since January 2002 and December
2008, respectively. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Bai worked for the Bank of Communications as an
assistant general manager, a deputy general manager then general manager of the accounting department
of the Dalian branch from 1993 to 2000, and an accountant, a deputy section chief then section chief of the
Dalian development area sub-branch from 1988 to 1993. Ms. Bai obtained her MBA Degree from Beijing
Jiaotong University and is an accountant.


     Mr. Zhang Yuebo, born in 1962, is Chief Audit Officer of the Company. Mr. Zhang joined the Company
in July 1995 and served as a member of the Preparatory Team until January 1996, a Deputy Director of
Accounting Department of the Head Office from January 1996 to October 1996, a Deputy General Manager
of Beijing Administrative Department and concurrently President of Zhongguancun Sub-Branch from October
1996 to May 1999, Deputy General Manager (in charge) and General Manager of Finance and Accounting
Department from May 1999 to May 2001, and General Manager of Planning and Finance Department and
General Manager of IT Department of Head Office from May 2001 to February 2002. Mr. Zhang went on a
government-sponsored study at West Virginia University from February 2002 to June 2003. He then served
as General Manager of Internal Audit Department and Chief Audit Inspector of the Company from July
2003 to May 2010, Chief Internal Audit Executive of the Company from May 2010 to February 2017, and
concurrently as General Manager of Internal Audit Department of the Company since May 2010. Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Zhang was previously division director of the finance division of China Rural Area
Development of Trust Investment Company (中國農村發展信託投資公司) from March 1992 to June 1995,
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   151


                          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



section chief of the accounting section of Xisi sub-branch of the CCB Beijing branch from July 1983 to March
1992. Mr. Zhang obtained his Master’s Degree in Law from Peking University and his MBA Degree from
West Virginia University, and is a senior accountant.


    Mr. Ouyang Yong, born in 1963, is an Assistant President of the Company and concurrently President
of Shanghai Branch, President of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch and General Manager of Shanghai
sub-branch of Financial Markets Department of the Company. Mr. Ouyang joined the Company in August
2001, and served as an Assistant President of Qingshan Sub-Branch of Wuhan Branch, an Assistant Director
and a Deputy Director (in charge) of the Office of Wuhan Branch and President of Qingshan Sub-Branch of
Wuhan Branch since August 2001. He also served as Head of Retail Banking Business of Fuzhou Branch from
January 2006 to October 2007, Vice president (in charge) and President of Taiyuan Branch, and President
of Shenzhen Branch from October 2007 to November 2014, and General Manager of Human Resources
Department from November 2014 to July 2017. Mr. Ouyang served as President of Shanghai Branch and
President of Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch since August 2017, and concurrently General Manager of
Shanghai Sub-Branch of Financial Markets Department since September 2017. Before joining the Company,
Mr. Ouyang served as an officer and a vice secretary (main) of the Youth League of Jiangxi Dexing Copper
Mine Concentrator, a deputy director of the ICBC Shihua Office in Jiujiang in Jiangxi Province and a vice
president and director of the business department of the Jiaoqu sub-branch of Agricultural Development Bank
of China in Jiujiang in Jiangxi Province. Mr. Ouyang obtained his MBA Degree from Wuhan University.


Joint Company Secretaries
    Ms. Bai Dan is the Chief Financial Officer and Board Secretary of the Bank. Please refer to her biography
in “Directors - Senior Management”


    Ms. Wong Wai Yee, Ella, aged 45, currently works as a director of corporate services of Tricor Services
Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Tricor”), a global professional services provider specialising in integrated
business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Wong has over 20 years of experience in the corporate
secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies
as well as multinational, private and offshore companies. Ms. Wong is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered
Governance Professional and a Fellow of both The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and The
Chartered Governance Institute (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators). Ms.
Wong is a holder of the Practitioner’s Endorsement from HKICS. (Note: The Company has engaged Tricor as
an external service provider and appointed Ms. Wong as the Company’s Company Secretary/Joint Company
Secretary since 20 February 2017.)
152 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(V) Changes of Information of Directors and Supervisors
1.   Mr. Wu Di, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as the chairman of the board of
     directors and an executive director of Datang Group Holdings Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code:
     02117)).


2.   Mr. Liu Jipeng, an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, was appointed as an
     independent director of CECEP Guozhen Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (listed on the
     SZSE (stock code: 300388)) and a member of the Legal Advisory Committee of the SZSE.


3.   Mr. Lu Zhongnan, a Supervisor of the Company, ceased to serve as an independent director of Qilu Bank
     Co., Ltd. (listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (stock code: 832666)).


4.   Mr. Zhao Huan John, a Supervisor of the Company, was appointed as a non-executive director of Simcere
     Pharmaceutical Group Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 02096)) and a non-executive director of
     Eros STX Global Corporation (listed on the NYSE (stock code: ESGC)).


5.   Mr. Zhang Liqing, a Supervisor of the Company, was appointed as an independent non-executive director
     of E-Star Commercial Management Company Limited (listed on the SEHK (stock code: 06668)).

(VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors
    In accordance with rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has entered
into contracts with its Directors and Supervisors in respect of compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations, the Articles of Association of the Company and the provisions of arbitration. Except as disclosed
above, the Company has not entered into and does not intend to enter into any service contracts with
its Directors or Supervisors in respect of their services as Directors or Supervisors (excluding the service
contracts which will expire within one year or are terminable by the Group within one year without payment
of compensation, other than statutory compensation).


(VII) Directors’ interests in competing business
    Mr. Liu Yonghao, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Sichuan Xinwang Bank Co.,
Ltd. (“Sichuan Xinwang Bank”) and holds 30% equity interest of Sichuan Xinwang Bank through New Hope
Group Co., Ltd., which is controlled by him. To the best knowledge of the Company, Sichuan Xinwang Bank
was established on 28 December 2016 upon the approval by China’s banking regulatory authorities and is
an internet-based bank with scope of business including taking in deposits from the general public, granting
loans, handling domestic and foreign settlements; handling the acceptance and discounting of negotiable
instruments; issuing financial bonds; engaging in the business of bank cards; buying and selling foreign
exchange and acting as an agent for the purchase and sale of foreign exchange; engaging in interbank
lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for the receipt and payment of
money and acting as an insurance agent. As at 31 December 2020, total assets, net assets, net assets per
share, deposits and loans of Sichuan Xinwang Bank were RMB40,561 million, RMB5,011 million, RMB1.67,
RMB21,229 million and RMB30,741 million, respectively. Therefore, Sichuan Xinwang Bank is very different
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   153


                         DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



from the Company in terms of operation mode and operation scale. Mr. Liu Yonghao is just one of the
directors of Sichuan Xinwang Bank and not the chairman of the board of directors of Sichuan Xinwang Bank.
In addition, in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Liu Yonghao shall abstain
from voting in respect of resolutions in relation to Sichuan Xinwang Bank. As such, the interest of Mr. Liu
Yonghao in Sichuan Xinwang Bank is not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of the Company.


     Mr. Wu Di, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Hangzhou United Rural Commercial
Bank Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou United Bank”) and has no interest in the equity in Hangzhou United Bank. To the
best knowledge of the Company, Hangzhou United Bank was established on 5 January 2011. The customers
of Hangzhou United Bank are mainly from rural areas and local communities as well as SMEs. Hangzhou
United Bank is a local joint-stock bank with a registered capital of RMB2,127 million. As at 31 December
2020, the unaudited total assets, net assets, net assets per share, deposits and loans of Hangzhou United
Bank were RMB270,470 million, RMB21,103 million, RMB9.92, RMB202,603 million and RMB160,980
million, respectively. Therefore, Hangzhou United Bank is very different from the Company in terms of scale
and geographical coverage of business. Mr. Wu Di is just one of the directors and not the chairman of the
board of directors of Hangzhou United Bank. In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company,
Mr. Wu Di shall abstain from voting in respect of resolutions in relation to Hangzhou United Bank. As such,
the interest of Mr. Wu Di in Hangzhou United Bank is not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of
the Company.


     Mr. Weng Zhenjie, a Non-Executive Director of the Company, is a director of Chongqing Three Gorges
Bank Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Three Gorges Bank”) and a director of Hefei Science & Technology Rural
Commercial Bank Company Limited (“Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank”) and has
no interest in the equity in these two banks. To the best knowledge of the Company, Chongqing Three
Gorges Bank was established as a joint-stock city commercial bank in February 2008. As at 30 June 2020,
the total assets, net assets, deposits and loans of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank were RMB219,049
million, approximately RMB17,340 million, RMB142,142 million and RMB94,705 million, respectively. Hefei
Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank was established on 14 February 2007 and is a regional rural
commercial bank providing services for SMEs, agriculture-related enterprises, rural enterprises, technological
enterprises and local enterprises. As at 31 December 2020, the unaudited total assets, net assets, net assets
per share, deposits and loans of Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank were RMB104,502
million, approximately RMB7,767 million, RMB4.31, RMB68,745 million and RMB46,903 million, respectively.
Therefore, Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank are very
different from the Company in terms of scale and geographical coverage of business. Mr. Weng Zhenjie is
just one of the directors and not the chairman of the board of directors of either of Chongqing Three Gorges
Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank. In addition, in accordance with the Articles of
Association of the Company, Mr. Weng Zhenjie shall abstain from voting in respect of resolutions in relation
to either of Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural Commercial Bank. As such,
the interests of Mr. Weng Zhenjie in Chongqing Three Gorges Bank and Hefei Science & Technology Rural
Commercial Bank are not in conflict with his responsibilities as a Director of the Company.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors holds any interests in businesses which competes or is
likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Company.
154 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(VIII) Interests of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives in the securities of the
Company or its associated corporations under Hong Kong laws and regulations
(I) As at 31 December 2020, the following Directors and Supervisors of the Company had the following
interests in the shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and as the Company is aware of:
                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                           of the Percentage
                                                                                                        relevant of all the
                                                                                                         class of     issued
                                  Class of   Long/short                               Number           shares in    ordinary
 Name             Position        shares     position         Capacity               of shares   Notes issue (%) shares (%)

 Gao Yingxin      Executive       H          Long position    Beneficial owner        300,000              0.0036     0.0007
                    Director
 Zheng Wanchun    Executive       H          Long position    Beneficial owner        250,000              0.0030     0.0006
                    Director
 Liu Yonghao      Non-Executive   A          Long position    Interest held by   1,930,715,189       1       5.44       4.41
                   Director                                     his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
                                  H          Long position    Interest held by    240,789,500        2       2.89       0.55
                                                                his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
 Zhang Hongwei    Non-Executive   A          Long position    Interest held by   1,315,117,123       3       3.71       3.00
                   Director                                     his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
 Lu Zhiqiang      Non-Executive   A          Long position    Interest held by   2,019,182,618       4       5.69       4.61
                   Director                                     his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
                                  H          Long position    Interest held by   1,020,538,470       5      12.27       2.33
                                                                his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
                                  H          Short position   Interest held by    604,300,950        5       7.26       1.38
                                                                his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
 Shi Yuzhu        Non-Executive   A          Long position    Interest held by   1,379,679,587       6       3.89       3.15
                   Director                                     his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
                                  H          Long position    Interest held by    713,501,653        7       8.58       1.63
                                                                his controlled
                                                                corporation(s)
 Zhang Juntong    Employee        H          Long position    Beneficial owner        200,000              0.0024     0.0005
                   Supervisor
 Guo Dong         Employee        H          Long position    Beneficial owner        200,000              0.0024     0.0005
                   Supervisor
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020     155


                              DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



Notes:

1.   The 1,930,715,189 A shares comprised 102,387,827 A shares directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and
     1,828,327,362 A shares directly held by New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. 51% of the issued share capital of South
     Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. was held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd., while New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd. was held
     as to 25% and 75% of its issued share capital by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. respectively.
     24.86% and 29.08% of the issued share capital of New Hope Liuhe Co., Ltd. were held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. and
     South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd., respectively. According to the SFO, New Hope Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested
     in the 102,387,827 A shares held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. and 1,828,327,362 A shares held by New Hope Liuhe
     Investment Co., Ltd.;

     As Mr. Liu Yonghao held 90.59% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Mr. Liu Yonghao was deemed to
     be interested in the 1,930,715,189 A shares held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. according to the SFO. Such interests held by
     Mr. Liu Yonghao and the interests held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Ms. Li Wei and Ms. Liu Chang, the details of which are
     disclosed in the section headed “Substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ interests or short positions in the shares and
     underlying shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations” in this Annual Report, were from the same block of
     shares;

2.   The 240,789,500 H shares (Long position) were directly held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. (see note 1 above);

3.   The 1,315,117,123 A shares were directly held by Orient Group Incorporation. 29.66% of the issued share capital of Orient
     Group Incorporation was held by Orient Group Co., Ltd. 94% of the issued share capital of Orient Group Co., Ltd. was held
     by Mingze Orient Investment Co., Ltd.（名澤東方投資有限公司）, while Mingze Orient Investment Co., Ltd. was wholly-owned
     by Mr. Zhang Hongwei. As disclosed in the section headed “Substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ interests or short
     positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company under Hong Kong laws and regulations” in this Annual Report,
     Orient Group Incorporation is a party to the acting in concert agreement;

4.   The 2,019,182,618 A shares were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd., of which 98% of the issued share
     capital was held by Oceanwide Group Co., Ltd., which was wholly-owned by Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd. Mr. Lu Zhiqiang held
     77.14% of the issued share capital of Tohigh Holdings Co., Ltd.;

5.   The 1,020,538,470 H shares (Long position) comprised 8,237,520 H shares directly held by China Oceanwide International
     Investment Company Limited, 604,300,950 H shares directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited
     and 408,000,000 H shares directly held by Long Prosper Capital Company Limited, while the 604,300,950 H shares (Short
     position) were directly held by Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited. Long Prosper Capital Company Limited
     was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited. 89.80% of the issued share capital
     of Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited was indirectly held by Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd., while all of the
     issued share capital of China Oceanwide International Investment Company Limited and 68.49% of the issued share capital of
     Oceanwide Holdings Co., Ltd. were held by China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (see note 4 above);

6.   The 1,379,679,587 A shares were held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. 90.49% of the issued share capital of Shanghai
     Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr.
     Shi Yuzhu;

7.   The 713,501,653 H shares (Long position) were held by Alpha Frontier Limited. 42.04% of the issued share capital of Alpha
     Frontier Limited was held by Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting Co., Ltd.（重慶賜比商務信息諮詢有限公司）,
     which was wholly-owned by Giant Investment Co., Ltd. (see note 6 above).
156 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



(II) As at 31 December 2020, the following Director of the Company had the following interests in
Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:
                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                       Contribution to             of the total
                                            Long/short                                  the registered              registered
 Name                  Position             position           Capacity                        capital    Note      capital (%)

 Liu Yonghao           Non-Executive        Long position      Interest held by          RMB2,000,000         1            3.64
                        Director                                 his controlled
                                                                 corporation(s)


Note:

New Hope Group Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB2,000,000 of the registered capital of Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd.
As Mr. Liu Yonghao held 90.59% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd., Mr. Liu Yonghao was deemed to be
interested in the equity interest held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd. in Pengzhou Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. according to the
SFO.


(III) As at 31 December 2020, the following Director of the Company had the following interests in
Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:
                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                       Contribution to             of the total
                                            Long/short                                  the registered              registered
 Name                  Position             position           Capacity                        capital    Note      capital (%)

 Shi Yuzhu             Non-Executive        Long position      Interest held by        RMB24,000,000          1             10
                        Director                                 his controlled
                                                                 corporation(s)


Note:

Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB24,000,000 of the registered capital of Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng Rural
Bank Co., Ltd. 90.49% of the issued share capital of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd., of
which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Shi Yuzhu. Mr. Shi Yuzhu was deemed to be interested in the equity
interest held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. in Shanghai Songjiang Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. according to the SFO.


(IV) As at 31 December 2020, the following Directors of the Company had the following interests in
Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company:
                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                       Contribution to             of the total
                                            Long/short                                  the registered              registered
 Name                  Position             position           Capacity                        capital Note         capital (%)

 Shi Yuzhu             Non-Executive        Long position      Interest held by          RMB2,500,000         1             10
                        Director                                 his controlled
                                                                 corporation(s)
 Liu Yonghao           Non-Executive        Long position      Interest held by          RMB1,500,000         2               6
                        Director                                 his controlled
                                                                 corporation(s)
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020      157


                              DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



Notes:

1.   Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB2,500,000 of the registered capital of Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank
     Co., Ltd. 90.49% of the issued share capital of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. was held by Giant Investment Co., Ltd.,
     of which 97.86% of the issued share capital was held by Mr. Shi Yuzhu. Mr. Shi Yuzhu was deemed to be interested in the
     equity interest held by Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd. in Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd. according to the SFO.

2.   South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. is interested in RMB1,500,000 of the registered capital of Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank
     Co., Ltd. 51% of the issued share capital of South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. was held by New Hope Group Co., Ltd., while
     Mr. Liu Yonghao held 90.59% of the issued share capital of New Hope Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Liu Yonghao was deemed to
     be interested in the equity interest held by South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd. in Tibet Linzhi Minsheng Rural Bank Co., Ltd.
     according to the SFO.


    Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief
executives held or was deemed to hold any interests and/or short positions in the shares, underlying shares
or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in the SFO), which were
recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be
notified to the Company and the SEHK pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO and the Model
Code set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, nor had they been granted such rights.

(IX) Contractual rights and service contracts of Directors and Supervisors
    No contract of significance, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a
Director or Supervisor of the Company had a material interest, subsisted during the Reporting Period. None
of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company
which is not terminable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding
statutory compensation).


(X) Financial, business and family relationships among Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management
    The Company has made enquiries to confirm that, among the members of the Board and the Board
of Supervisors of the Company, Mr. Yang Xiaoling, a Non-Executive Director, is currently a deputy general
manager and chief operating officer of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd., while Mr. Zhao Peng, a Non-Executive
Director, is an assistant general manager and board secretary of Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. Save as
disclosed above, there are no other relationships between the members of the Board and the Board of
Supervisors, including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships.
158 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



II. Employees
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 59,262 employees, of which 56,653 were
employees of the Company and 2,609 were employees of the subsidiaries of the Company. Divided by work
nature, 7,032 employees were categorised as the management team, 42,707 employees as the professional
team, and 6,914 employees as the operational team. The Company had 56,009 employees with tertiary
qualification or above, accounting for 98.9% of the total number of employees. 579 employees of the
Company have retired. (Note: The professional team represents personnel engaging in product research and
development, risk management, information technology and operation support, etc.)


    The guiding principles of the Company’s remuneration policy are to further consolidate the important
role of human resources allocation in promoting the implementation of strategies and enhancing the capital
control in accordance with the strategic transformation requirements and business goals of the Company by
adhering to its incentive principle which was based on input and output evaluation. It also guides the Bank
to consolidate customer base by pushing forward customer-centric transformation of business model and
strengthening the restraining role of remuneration and incentive policies in risk management and control.


    In accordance with the internal management system, the total annual remunerations of employees
is determined after comprehensively considering the total number and structure of employees, operating
results, financial position, risk control, etc. In addition, the performance-based remuneration of the employees
is pegged to the comprehensive performances of the business unit (department) and themselves. In terms of
appraisal indicators, key performance indicators are set up, including economic efficiency indicator, risk and
cost control indicator and social responsibility indicator to align the remuneration with operating results, risks
and social responsibilities.


    In 2020, in respect of trainings, the Company focused on key strategic points to improve service
performance. In active response to the challenges arising from the pandemic, it dynamically adjusted the
organisation forms of training by vigorously exploring online teaching resources and continuously improving
online teaching platform to actively serve the major tasks of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the
Company organised 2,643 training programmes for 600,000 participants and 2,086 online learning courses
for 2,090,000 participants, with a total of 4.396 million learning hours and a total of 6.457 million credits. The
Company also organised 11 qualification examinations with 210,000 participants. 162,000 certificates were
issued to participants and the percentage of employees of different positions holding multiple certificates
amounted to reached 97.31%, which effectively promoted business development.


III. Business Network
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had set up 42 tier-one branches in 41 cities across
China, with 2,424 banking outlets in total.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company opened 8 new tier-two branches, namely Lianyungang Branch,
Heze Branch, Wanzhou Branch, Xianyang Branch, Yueyang Branch, Jiujiang Branch, Xuancheng Branch, and
Bijie Branch.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020                159


                          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



    Major entities of the Company as at the end of the Reporting Period are shown as follows:

                                                   Total assets
                                              (in RMB million,
                                                     excluding
                                                      deferred
                      Number of                         income
Name of entity          outlets   Headcount         tax assets)   Address

Head Office                   1      14,000          4,241,835    No. 2, Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
Beijing Branch              167       3,808            815,377    No. 2, Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
Shanghai Branch              89       2,566            468,778    No. 100 Pudong Nan Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai
Guangzhou Branch             82       2,324            249,697    Minsheng Tower, No.68 Liede Avenue, Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe
                                                                    District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
Shenzhen Branch              75       2,133            260,978    Minsheng Finance Tower, Haitian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                                                    Guangdong Province
Wuhan Branch                 97       1,484             90,303    China Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 396 Xinhua Road, Jianghan District,
                                                                     Wuhan, Hubei Province
Taiyuan Branch              107       1,383             94,396    3-5/F, 9-21/F, Block 3, Tower B, Shanxi International Finance Centre, No.
                                                                     426 Nanzhonghuan Street, Xiaodian District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province
Shijiazhuang Branch         136       1,943            102,207    Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 197 Yuhua Dong Road, Chang’an District,
                                                                    Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province
Dalian Branch                48         840             86,788    Minsheng International Finance Centre, No. 52 Renmin Dong Road,
                                                                    Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province
Nanjing Branch              196       3,227            348,073    Block One, Zijin Finance Centre, No. 399 Jiangdongzhong Road, Jianye
                                                                     District, Nanjin, Jiangsu Province
Hangzhou Branch              86       1,775            215,860    Block Jinzun, Zunbao Mansion, No. 98 Shimin Street, Qianjiang New
                                                                     Town, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
Chongqing Branch            105       1,035             98,920    Tongjuyuanjing Building, No. 9 Jianxin Bei Road, Jiangbei District,
                                                                    Chongqing
Xi’an Branch                 93       1,180             91,080    Building 5, Taihua Jinmao International, No. 16, Fenghui Nan Road, Gaoxin
                                                                     District, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
Fuzhou Branch                42         948             44,710    No. 282 Hudong Road, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
Jinan Branch                130       1,929            123,372    No. 229 Luoyuan Street, Jinan, Shandong Province
Ningbo Branch                43         748             49,156    No. 815 Juxian Road, Gaoxin District, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
Chengdu Branch              113       1,425            126,947    Block 6, No. 966 Tianfu Avenue Beiduan, Gaoxin District, Chengdu,
                                                                     Sichuan Province
Tianjin Branch               54         945             79,306    China Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 43 Jianshe Road, Heping District, Tianjin
Kunming Branch               85         838             61,064    No. 11800 Caiyun Bei Road, Kunming, Yunnan Province
Quanzhou Branch              44         569             25,420    No. 689 Citong Road, Fengze District, Quanzhou, Fujian Province
Suzhou Branch                38       1,126             82,602    Minsheng Finance Tower, Block 23, Times Square, Suzhou Industrial Park,
                                                                    Suzhou, Jiangsu Province
160 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                    Total assets
                                               (in RMB million,
                                                      excluding
                                                       deferred
                       Number of                         income
 Name of entity          outlets   Headcount         tax assets)   Address

 Qingdao Branch               45         944             71,072    No. 190 Hai’er Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao, Shandong Province
 Wenzhou Branch               22         527             54,841    Minsheng Bank, Finance Tower, No. 1 Huaijiang Road, Lucheng District,
                                                                     Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
 Xiamen Branch                25         533             36,723    Xiamen Minsheng Bank Mansion, No. 50 Hubin Nan Road, Xiamen, Fujian
                                                                      Province
 Zhengzhou Branch            105       1,549             89,469    Minsheng Bank Tower, No. 1 Shangwu Waihuan Road, Zhengdong New
                                                                     District, Zhengzhou, Henan Province
 Changsha Branch              46         941             73,830    Minsheng Tower, No. 189 Binjiang Road, Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan
                                                                     Province
 Changchun Branch             24         563             25,579    Minsheng Tower, No. 500 Changchun Street, Nanguan District,
                                                                     Changchun, Jilin Province
 Hefei Branch                 62         781             69,257    Yinbao Building, Intersection of Wuhu Xi Road and Jinzhai Road, Shushan
                                                                      District, Heifei, Anhui Province
 Nanchang Branch              39         599             62,635    No. 545 Huizhan Road, Honggutan New District, Nanchang, Jiangxi
                                                                     Province
 Shantou Branch               26         442             28,202    1-3/F, Huajing Plaza, No. 17 Hanjiang Road, Longhu District, Shantou,
                                                                      Guangdong Province
 Nanning Branch               35         566             83,017    1-3/F, 3M/F, 30-31/F and 36/F, Block C, China Resources Building, No.
                                                                      136-5 Minzu Avenue, Nanning, Guangxi Autonomous Region
 Hohhot Branch                21         377             22,964    China Minsheng Bank Tower, Block C, Oriental Jun Zuo, No. 20 Chilechuan
                                                                      Avenue, Saihan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
 Shenyang Branch              47         482             24,990    No. 65 Nanjing Bei Street, Heping District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province
 Hong Kong Branch              1         232            169,928    40/F and Room 06-08, 41/F, Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance
                                                                      Street, Central, Hong Kong
 Guiyang Branch               40         513             52,844    Building 8, Tianyi International Plaza, No. 33 Changling Nan Road, Gaoxin
                                                                      District, Guiyang, Guizhou Province
 Haikou Branch                16         191              9,325    Zhonghuan International Plaza, No. 77 Binhai Avenue, Longhua District,
                                                                     Haikou, Hainan Province
 Lhasa Branch                  4         165              5,839    Global Plaza, No. 8 Beijing Xi Road, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region
 Shanghai Pilot Free           1         104             69,473    40/F, No. 100 Pudong Nan Road, Pudong New District, Shanghai
   Trade Zone Branch
 Harbin Branch                12         247             15,097    No. 11 Aijian Road, Daoli District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020              161


                               DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, EMPLOYEES AND BUSINESS NETWORK



                                                               Total assets
                                                          (in RMB million,
                                                                 excluding
                                                                  deferred
                           Number of                                income
 Name of entity              outlets     Headcount              tax assets)   Address

 Lanzhou Branch                   11           259                  14,192    1-4/F, Gansu Daily Press Plaza, No. 123 Baiyin Road, Chengguan District,
                                                                                 Lanzhou, Gansu Province
 Urumqi Branch                     6           178                  13,592    No. 314 Yangzijiang Road, Saybagh District, Urumqi, Xinjiang Autonomous
                                                                                Region
 Xining Branch                     2           129                   7,521    1-4/F, Annex Building of Telecom Industrial Tower, No. 102 Kunlun Zhong
                                                                                 Road, Chengzhong District, Xining, Qinghai Province
 Yinchuan Branch                   3           105                   5,144    1-5/F, Block 19, Jinhaimingyue, No. 106 Shanghai Xi Road, Jinfeng District,
                                                                                 Yinchuan, Ningxia Autonomous Region
 Inter-Region adjustment          ─              ─              -2,070,194

 Total                         2,424         56,653              6,692,209


Notes:

1.   The number of institutions takes into account all types of banking outlets, including the Head Office, tier-one branches and
     business departments, business departments of tier-two branches, remote sub-branches, county-level sub-branches, intra-city
     sub-branches, community sub-branches, small-business special sub-branches and small-business sub-branches;

2.   Headcount of the Head Office includes the total number of employees in the departments of the Head Office, Credit Card
     Centre and centralised operation, exclusive of employees of branches. Of which, the headcount of the Credit Card Centre was
     8,608;

3.   Inter-region adjustment arises from the reconciliation and elimination of inter-region balances.
162 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




       Corporate
       Governance
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020             163


                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

I. Corporate Governance Structure
                                                                                                     Strategic Development and
                                                                            Shareholders’       Consumer Rights Protection Committee
                                                                           General Meeting
                                                                                                    Risk Management Committee

          Supervisory Committee                                                                       Related Party Transactions
                                                                                                       Supervision Committee
                                        Board of Supervisors             Board of Directors
             Nomination and                                                                            Nomination Committee
          Examination Committee

                                                                                              Compensation and Remuneration Committee


                                                                                                          Audit Committee



             Board Secretary                  Chief Financial Officer      Management


                                      Asset and Liability                                      Product and Business Innovation
                                    Management Commission                                         Management Commission


                                  Risk Management Commission                                     IT Management Commission


                                   Marketing and Development                                         Inclusive Finance
                                   Management Commission                                          Management Commission



II. Corporate Governance Overview
    During the Reporting Period, the Company further optimised its mechanisms and policy systems of
corporate governance, enhanced strategic evaluation, refined internal control and enhanced compliance
management of related party transactions. Performances of the Directors and the Senior Management
were evaluated regularly, the duties of Supervisors were actively fulfilled to give full play to its supervisory
functions, and the Company’s overall corporate governance was improved. Details are as follows:


    1.    During the Reporting Period, the Company had convened a total of 85 meetings, including 3 general
          meetings, 16 Board meetings, 41 meetings of the special committees under the Board, 8 meetings of
          the Board of Supervisors and 17 meetings of the special committees under the Board of Supervisors.
          377 proposals including regular reports of the Company, work reports of the Board of Directors and
          the Board of Supervisors, work reports of the President, financial budgets and final account reports,
          profit distribution proposals, related party transactions, policy amendments and internal organisation
          structure optimisation and adjustment were considered and approved, and 100 special reports were
          briefed at these meetings;


    2.   In accordance with the regulatory requirements and actual operation needs, the Company has
         formulated the Administrative Measures on Pledge of Shareholders’ Equity of China Minsheng
         B a n k i n g C o r p . , L t d . (《中國民生銀行股份有限公司股東股權質押管理辦法》) , G u i d a n c e o n R i s k
         Management Performance of Board of Directors of China Minsheng Bank (             《中國民生銀行董事會
         風險管理履職指引》                 ), Interim Measures on Risk Management of Internet Loans of China Minsheng
         Bank (  《中國民生銀行互聯網貸款風險管理暫行辦法》                          ), Administrative Measures on Net-Value Wealth
         Management Products of China Minsheng Bank (Provisional) (         《中國民生銀行淨值型理財產品管理辦法
         （試行）》       ). The Company has also amended rules and regulations including the Articles of Association
164 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



        of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd., the Rules of Procedures for Shareholders’ General Meetings
        of of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (   《中國民生銀行股份有限公司股東大會議事規則》                        ), Terms of
        Reference of Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Board of Directors of China
        Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事會關聯交易控制委員會工作細則》),
        Administrative Measures on Related Party Transactions of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (     《中
        國民生銀行股份有限公司關聯交易管理辦法》                       ), Administrative Rules for Information Disclosure of China
        Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (  《中國民生銀行股份有限公司信息披露事務管理制度》                             ), Administrative
        Measures on Writing off Bad Loans of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (      《中國民生銀行股份有限
        公司呆帳核銷管理辦法》           ), Contingency Management Measures on Liquidity of China Minsheng Bank
        (
        《中國民生銀行流動性應急管理辦法》                  ), Administrative Measures on Compliance of China Minsheng
        Bank (《中國民生銀行合規管理辦法》              ), Administrative Measures on Collaterals and Pledges of China
        Minsheng Bank (《中國民生銀行押品管理辦法》                 ) and Guidelines for Data Governance of China Minsheng
        Bank (
             《中國民生銀行數據治理工作指引》                  ). The corporate governance system of the Company has been
        further improved by the formulations and amendments of the above rules and regulations. The Board
        and the Board of Supervisors continued to enhance the corporate governance of the Company by
        implementing and enforcing these rules and regulations;


   3.   According to the Provisional Measures on Performance Evaluation of Directors (        《董事履職評價試行
        辦法》   ), the Company completed the annual performance appraisal of the Directors and encouraged
        their diligent performance of duties and self-discipline. According to the Measures on Performance
        Appraisal of Senior Management (   《高級管理人員盡職考評辦法》               ), the Board of the Company evaluated
        the performances of the Senior Management and determined their remunerations based on the
        results in order to continuously facilitate the improvement of their capabilities in performing duties;


   4.   During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the works in relation to the re-election of
        the eighth session of the Board of Directors and the eighth session of the Board of Supervisors
        in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association in a lawful and
        compliant manner;


   5.   During the Reporting Period, in order to fulfil the training requirement of the qualifications of directors
        and supervisors imposed by the regulatory authorities and enhance capabilities of the Directors and
        Supervisors, the Company successively arranged the Directors and Supervisors to participate in
        training programmes for directors and supervisors organised by the regulatory authorities;


   6.   During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors of the Company organised research on and
        formulation of business strategies and implementation plans for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao,
        Yangtze River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, and Chengdu-Chongqing regions. Through combining the
        economic characteristics of each region and on-site research findings, the Board provided guidance to
        formulate differentiated business development strategies with differentiated policies and resources,
        so as to enhance the financial service capability to key regions. It has strengthened regional synergy
        to provide comprehensive financial services to key enterprises, key projects and key customers in
        the development of regional integration, and to establish a bank-wide integrated service system to
        promote coordinated development of cross-regional integration;
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   165


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   7.   During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board strengthened its supervision on
        financial report audit, optimised the internal control system and improved information quality of
        financial reports. The Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Board continued
        to maintain a complete and updated list of related parties, standardise the management process
        of related party transactions, organise revisions of rules concerning related party transactions and
        enhance management to realise the compliant, orderly and efficient management of related party
        transactions;


   8.   During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed all material information in a compliant manner
        and continued to enhance the transparency of the Company, ensuring all shareholders have an equal
        opportunity to access the information of the Company. The management of investor relations of
        the Company was carried out in line with the strategies of the Company and fully highlighted the
        strategic advantages, operation strategies and financial results of the Company, which facilitated
        better understanding of the Company by the capital market. Please refer to “Information Disclosure
        and Investor Relations” in this chapter for details;


   9.   According to the internal inspection conducted by the Company, no leakage of confidential
        information of the Company had been found as at the end of the Reporting Period. None of the
        insiders had purchased or sold the shares of the Company taking the advantage of any material share
        price sensitive inside information prior to the disclosure of such information. On 22 March 2012,
        the Administrative Rules for Insider Registration ( 《內幕信息知情人登記管理規定》              ) was considered
        and approved at the 22nd meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Since then, the
        Company has stringently followed the relevant provisions to conduct registration of the insiders for
        record;


   10. The Company followed the regulatory requirements regarding corporate governance of listed
       companies issued by the CSRC. The Company conducted a prudent internal inspection and was not
       aware of any non-compliance of the Company’s corporate governance with the regulations regarding
       corporate governance of listed companies promulgated by the CSRC. There were no irregularities
       of corporate governance and no information was provided to substantial shareholders or de facto
       controllers before such information was published to the public.


III. Rights of Shareholders
1. Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting:
    In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Company shall convene an extraordinary general
meeting within two months at the request of the shareholders individually or jointly holding 10% or more
shares of the Company.


     Shareholders may request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting by the
following procedures:


    Shareholders individually or jointly holding no less than 10% shares of the Company may have the right
to request the Board of Directors in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The Board of
166 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Directors shall, in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association, make
a written response as to whether or not it will convene the extraordinary general meeting within 10 days
upon receipt of the request.


    If the Board of Directors agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, a notice
of convening such meeting shall be issued within 5 days after the resolution of the Board of Directors is
passed. Approval of the relevant shareholders must be sought if the resolution contained in the notice alters
the original request.


     If the Board of Directors refuses to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, or
fails to respond within 10 days upon receipt of the request, shareholders individually or jointly holding 10%
or more shares with voting rights in the proposed meeting shall have the right to propose to the Board of
Supervisors in writing to convene such extraordinary general meeting or class meeting.


    If the Board of Supervisors agrees thereto, a notice of convening such extraordinary general meeting
or class meeting shall be issued within five days upon receipt of the proposal. Approval of the relevant
shareholders must be sought if the resolution contained in the notice alters the original request.


    If the Board of Supervisors fails to give the notice of such general meeting or class meeting within
the specified period, it shall be deemed to have failed to convene and preside over such meeting and
shareholders who individually or jointly hold 10% or more of the Company’s shares with voting rights in the
proposed meeting for not less than 90 consecutive days shall have the right to convene and preside over the
meeting.


    The Board of Directors and the Board Secretary shall provide assistance when necessary for general
meeting convened by the Board of Supervisors or shareholders. The Board of Directors shall provide the
register of shareholders as at the record date. Necessary costs of such general meetings shall be borne by
the Company.


2. Procedures for shareholders to make enquiries to the Board:
     Shareholders may make enquiries in writing to the Board through the Office of the Board of Directors of
the Company at any time. The contact information of the Office of the Board of Directors of the Bank is as
follows:


Address:        China Minsheng Bank Building, No. 2 Fuxingmennei Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing, China
Postal Code:    100031
Telephone:      86-10-58560975
Facsimile:      86-10-58560720
Email:          cmbc@cmbc.com.cn
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   167


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



3. Procedures for shareholders to put forward proposals at general meetings:
    In accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company, shareholders individually or jointly holding
no less than 3% of shares of the Bank with voting rights may put forward proposals to the Company and
provisional proposals to the meeting convener in writing 10 days prior to the date of the general meeting.
The convener of such general meeting shall issue a supplementary notice of the meeting setting out the
content of the provisional proposals within two days upon the receipt of the proposals.


    The Board of Directors shall provide explanation for its decision to exclude any proposal of any
shareholder from the agenda at the relevant general meeting. The contents of such excluded proposal
and explanation of the Board of Directors shall be announced together with the resolutions of the general
meeting after the close of the meeting.


    In the annual general meeting, shareholders holding 3% or no less than 3% shares with voting rights and
the Board of Supervisors of the Company are entitled to put forward additional proposals in writing. The Bank
shall include the proposals that fall within the scope of power of the general meeting in the agenda of such
meeting.


    Shareholders may put forward proposals at general meetings through the Office of the Board of Directors
of the Company, the contact information of which is set out in the section headed “2. Procedures for
shareholders to make enquiries to the Board”.

IV. General Meetings
    During the Reporting Period, the Company held three general meetings and considered and approved 46
resolutions and received briefings of 3 special reports. Details are as follows:


    On 20 April 2020, the first extraordinary general meeting for 2020 of the Company was held in Beijing in
which the shareholders attended and voted on-site and online. Please refer to the announcement dated 20
April 2020 published on the website of the Company, the website of the SSE and the HKEXnews website
of the SEHK for details of the resolutions of the meeting. The announcement was also posted on China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times on 21 April 2020.


    On 29 June 2020, the 2019 annual general meeting, the first A share class meeting for 2020 and the first
H share class meeting for 2020 of the Company were held in Beijing in which the shareholders attended and
voted on-site and online. Please refer to the announcement dated 29 June 2020 published on the website of
the Company, the website of the SSE and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK for details of the resolutions
of the meetings. The announcement was also posted on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News
and Securities Times on 30 June 2020.


    On 16 October 2020, the second extraordinary general meeting for 2020 of the Company was held in
Beijing in which the shareholders attended and voted on-site and online. Please refer to the announcement
dated 16 October 2020 published on the website of the Company, the website of the SSE and the HKEXnews
website of the SEHK for details of the resolutions of the meeting. The announcement was also posted on
China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times on 17 October 2020.
168 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



V. Board of Directors
     The Board is an independent decision-making body of the Company, responsible for execution of the
resolutions passed by the general meetings; formulating the Company’s major objectives, policies and
development plans; deciding on the Company’s operating plans, investment proposals and the establishment
of internal management units; preparing annual financial budgets, final accounts and profit distribution plans;
and appointing members of Senior Management. The Company’s management shall have the autonomy to
operate the Company independently and the Board shall not interfere with the specific matters of the daily
operation and management of the Company.


(I) Composition of the Board
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Board of the Company had 17 members, of which nine
were Non-Executive Directors, two were Executive Directors and six were Independent Non-Executive
Directors. All Non-Executive Directors held key positions in renowned enterprises and were experienced
in management, finance and accounting, while the two Executive Directors had been engaged in banking
operation and management for a long time with extensive professional experiences. The six Independent
Non-Executive Directors were experts in economics, finance, accounting and law. One of the Independent
Non-Executive Directors was from Hong Kong and was familiar with the IFRS and regulations of the Hong
Kong capital market and equipped with extensive banking management experience.


   The structure of the Board embodies qualities including professionalism, independence and diversity,
which helps ensure that the Board can make decision in a rational manner.


    The Company considers diversified composition of the Board is beneficial to enhance the operating
quality of the Company. Therefore, the Company formulated the Policy of Board Diversity in August 2013,
specifying that the Company should take various factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of office, into consideration
in determining the members of the Board for more diversified board composition. The final candidates shall
be elected based on his/her value and contributions to the Board. The Nomination Committee shall supervise
the implementation of the Policy of Board Diversity, and shall analyse and assess the structure, composition
and diversity of members of the Board (including but not limited to the gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of office) and make suggestions to the
Board for implementation of the strategies of the Bank annually.


   For the list of Directors of the Company and their profiles, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Business Network”. The status of Independent
Non-Executive Directors has been indicated clearly in all communications of the Company which list the
names of Directors to comply with the provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   169


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Powers of the Board
   The Board of the Company may exercise the following functions and powers:


   1.   to convene general meetings and to report its performance to shareholders;


   2.   to implement the resolutions passed at the general meetings;


   3.   to decide on the operating plans and investment plans of the Company;


   4.   to formulate the proposed annual budget and annual final accounts of the Company;


   5.   to formulate the profit distribution plans and plans for recovery of losses of the Company;


   6.   to formulate proposals for increases or reductions of the registered capital, issuance of bonds or
        other securities and listing plans of the Company;


   7.   to formulate proposals for material acquisitions, the purchase of the shares, merger, separation,
        dissolution and change of form of the Company;


   8.   to decide on external investments, purchases and sales of assets, pledges of assets, material
        guarantees, and related party transaction matters within the scope authorised by the general
        meetings of the Company;


   9.   to decide the internal management units of the Company;


   10. to appoint or remove the President, the Board Secretary, Chief Finance Officer and Chief Audit
       Officer of the Company based on the recommendations of the Chairman of the Board; to appoint
       or remove the Senior Management, such as Executive Vice Presidents, Assistant Presidents, Chief
       Risk Officer and Chief Information Officer of the Company based on the recommendations of the
       President and to decide on matters relating to their remunerations, reward and the imposition of any
       disciplinary measures;


   11. to authorise the Nomination Committee under the Board to appoint or dismiss chief advisors,
       presidents of branches, presidents of SBUs and financial officers and approve the candidates for
       chairmen of the board of directors, chairmen of the board of supervisors and general managers of
       subsidiaries;


   12. to establish the basic management system of the Company;


   13. to formulate proposals for any amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company;


   14. to manage the disclosure of information of the Company;
170 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   15. to propose at the general meetings for the appointment or replacement of the accounting firms of
       the Company for auditing purpose;


   16. to review work reports of the President of the Company and to examine the President’s performance;


   17. the Board shall establish a supervisory system to ensure that the management body will formulate a
       code of conduct and working principles for the management staff and the business personnel at all
       levels and that the regulatory documents will specifically require employees at all levels to promptly
       report any possible conflict of interests, stipulate concrete rules and establish corresponding
       mechanism;


   18. the Board shall establish an information reporting system that requires the Senior Management to
       report to the Board and Directors the operating issues of the Company regularly, and the reporting
       system shall cover provisions for the following issues:


       (1) the scope of the information reported to the Board and Directors and the minimum reporting
           standards;


       (2) the frequency of information reporting;


       (3) the method of information reporting;


       (4) the responsible party of information reporting and liabilities arising from delayed or incomplete
           information reporting; and


       (5) the confidentiality requirements.


   19. to determine matters related to issued preference shares of the Bank within the scope of power
       authorised by the general meetings, including but not limited to the determination of repurchase,
       conversion and dividend distribution; and


   20. to exercise any other powers prescribed by the laws, administrative regulations and departmental
       rules, as well as any other powers conferred by the Articles of Association.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020        171


                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(III) Attendance of the Directors of the Company at the Board meetings and general
meetings in 2020
                                                                                   Board Meetings            General Meetings
                                                                                    Attendance in               Attendance in
                                                                                   Person/Number               Person/Number
 Directors                                                                             of Meetings                 of Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Zhang Hongwei                                                                                  16/16                           3/3
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                                    16/16                           3/3
 Liu Yonghao                                                                                    15/16                           3/3
 Shi Yuzhu                                                                                      16/16                           3/3
 Wu Di                                                                                          16/16                           3/3
 Song Chunfeng                                                                                  16/16                           3/3
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                                   16/16                           3/3
 Yang Xiaoling                                                                                     5/5                          0/0
 Zhao Peng                                                                                         5/5                          0/0


 Executive Directors
 Gao Yingxin                                                                                       8/8                          1/1
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                                  16/16                           3/3
 Hong Qi (resigned)                                                                                9/9                          2/2


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Liu Jipeng                                                                                     16/16                           3/3
 Li Hancheng                                                                                    16/16                           3/3
 Xie Zhichun                                                                                    16/16                           3/3
 Peng Xuefeng                                                                                   16/16                           3/3
 Liu Ningyu                                                                                     16/16                           3/3
 Qu Xinjiu                                                                                         5/5                          0/0
 Tian Suning (resigned)                                                                         11/11                           3/3


Notes:

1.   For details of the changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.
172 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(IV) Board meetings and resolutions
    During the Reporting Period, 16 Board meetings were held by the Board to consider and approve
major resolutions in relation to strategies, finance and operation of the Company. At the 16 meetings, 138
resolutions including four regular financial reports, work reports of the Board, work reports of the President,
financial budgets and final account reports, profit distribution proposals, the establishment of business units
and the rules revisions were considered and approved by the Board.

 Meeting                               Date                Publication                       Date of Disclosure

 15th extraordinary meeting of the     28 February 2020    Shanghai Securities News,         29 February 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 16th extraordinary meeting of the     16 March 2020       Shanghai Securities News,         17 March 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 20th meeting of the seventh session   30 March 2020       Shanghai Securities News,         31 March 2020
    of the Board                                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 21st meeting of the seventh session   29 April 2020       Shanghai Securities News,         30 April 2020
    of the Board                                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 17th extraordinary meeting of the     7 May 2020          Shanghai Securities News,         8 May 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 18th extraordinary meeting of the     26 May 2020         Shanghai Securities News,         27 May 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 19th extraordinary meeting of the     5 June 2020         Shanghai Securities News,         6 June 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 20th extraordinary meeting of the     28 June 2020        Shanghai Securities News,         29 June 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 21st extraordinary meeting of the     30 June 2020        Shanghai Securities News,         1 July 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 22nd meeting of the seventh           28 August 2020      Shanghai Securities News,         29 August 2020
    session of the Board                                      China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 22nd extraordinary meeting of the     23 September 2020   Shanghai Securities News,         24 September 2020
    seventh session of the Board                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
                                                                                             Annual Report 2020     173


                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



 Meeting                                Date               Publication                         Date of Disclosure

 1st meeting of the eighth session of   16 October 2020    Shanghai Securities News,           17 October 2020
    the Board                                                 China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 2nd meeting of the eighth session      30 October 2020    Shanghai Securities News,           31 October 2020
    of the Board                                              China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 3rd meeting of the eighth session of   30 November 2020   Shanghai Securities News,           1 December 2020
    the Board                                                 China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 1st extraordinary meeting of the       21 December 2020   Shanghai Securities News,           22 December 2020
    eighth session of the Board                               China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times
 4th meeting of the eighth session of   30 December 2020   Shanghai Securities News,           31 December 2020
    the Board                                                 China Securities Journal and
                                                              Securities Times


(V) Implementation of the resolutions of general meetings by the Board of Directors
    The Board of the Company distributed dividends to the shareholders according to the profit distribution
plan for 2019 approved at the 20th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the annual general
meeting for 2019. Cash dividend of 2019 of RMB3.70 (before tax) for every 10 shares was distributed
to all shareholders whose names appeared on the share register. The total amount of cash dividend was
RMB16,199 million, based on 43,782 million issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2019. The
cash dividend was denominated and declared in Renminbi. The holders of A shares were paid in Renminbi
and the holders of H shares were paid in Hong Kong dollar. The Company distributed dividends to the
holders of A shares and H shares in July 2020 in accordance with the regulations, and this distribution was
completed.


(VI) Performance of Independent Non-Executive Directors
     The Board of the Company comprises six Independent Non-Executive Directors. The qualifications of
Independent Non-Executive Directors are in compliance with the provisions of the CBIRC, the CSRC, and the
listing rules of the SSE and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, these Independent
Non-Executive Directors duly performed their duties by maintaining communication with the Company
through various means, such as attending office in the Bank, conducting on-site visits, holding special
investigation and conferences, attending the Board meetings and meetings of the special committees under
the Board conscientiously, making suggestions actively and emphasising minority shareholders’ interests.
174 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



1. On-Duty policy for Independent Non-Executive Directors
    In order to fully perform the functions of Independent Non-Executive Directors and improve the
effectiveness of the Board, the Board of the Company has adopted an on-duty policy since March 2007,
pursuant to which Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to work in the Company for one to two
days per month. The Company provided offices and facilities for the Independent Non-Executive Directors.
During the Reporting Period, all Independent Non-Executive Directors have complied with the on-duty policy.
The main duties of the Independent Non-Executive Directors while they are on duty are: to study the works
of their respective committees; to review work reports of the Senior Management or various departments
of the Head Office; to visit the branches of the Company for special investigations; and to supervise the
formulation of or amendment to rules relevant to corporate governance. The on-duty policy of Independent
Non-Executive Directors provides important support and assurance for Independent Non-Executive Directors
to give full effect of their expertise to provide professional opinion to the decision-making of the Board.
The implementation of the policy has supported and ensured the rationality and independence of the
decision-making of the Board.


2. Rules governing Independent Non-Executive Directors’ work on annual reports
    In order to further improve the corporate governance of the Company with an aim to fully perform the
duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors in governing information disclosure so as to ensure the
truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the information disclosed in the annual reports of
the Company, the Working Rules for Involvement of Independent Non-Executive Directors in the Preparation
of Annual Report (《獨立非執行董事年報工作制度》               ) was considered and approved at the 16th meeting of the
fourth session of the Board.


    Pursuant to the rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to perform their
responsibilities and duties diligently in the process of preparation and disclosure of the annual reports of the
Company. The management of the Company shall fully report the annual operating results and the progress
of material issues to the Independent Non-Executive Directors within 60 days after the end of each fiscal
year. The Independent Non-Executive Directors may conduct investigation on certain issues if necessary. The
Independent Non-Executive Directors shall verify the qualification of the accountants to be engaged by the
Company and the qualification of the certified public accountants responsible for the auditing of the annual
reports of the Company. Upon the issuance of the preliminary audit opinion, the Independent Non-Executive
Directors shall hold at least one meeting with the certified public accountants responsible for the auditing
of the annual reports of the Company to discuss the issues identified in the auditing process before a Board
meeting is convened to review the annual reports.


    Pursuant to the rules, the Independent Non-Executive Directors have performed their responsibilities
and duties diligently and strictly complied with the relevant rules and regulations of the Company and
the regulatory authorities in preparation and disclosure of the 2020 Annual Report of the Company. The
Independent Non-Executive Directors have received the reports from the management of the Company on
the operation and development of material issues of 2020, maintained continuous communication with the
accounting firm in respect of the annual auditing and reviewed auditing plans, and received briefings of report
on pre-auditing and auditing from the accounting firms.
                                                                                Annual Report 2020   175


                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



3. Other duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors
    The Independent Non-Executive Directors shall give independent opinions on the following issues at
Board meetings or general meetings:


   (1) Nomination, appointment and removal of Directors;


   (2) Appointment or removal of Senior Management;


   (3) Profit distribution plan;


   (4) Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management;


   (5) Legality and fairness of major related party transactions between the shareholders, de facto
       controllers and their respective related companies and the Bank, and whether the Bank has taken
       effective measures to collect outstanding payments;


   (6) Engagement of external auditors;


   (7) Matters that may cause substantial loss of the Bank;


   (8) Issues that Independent Non-Executive Directors considered may prejudice the legal interests of
       depositors, minority shareholders and other relevant interested parties;


   (9) Other issues stipulated by the laws and regulations, normative documents and the Articles of
       Association of the Bank.


   The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have also played important roles in various
special committees of the Board. They have acted as the convener of the meetings of the Compensation
and Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Related Party Transactions
Supervision Committee and Risk Management Committee under the Board. The majority of members of the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Related Party Transactions Supervision
Committee and Audit Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors. At least one Independent
Non-Executive Director in each of the Audit Committee and Related Party Transactions Supervision
Committee has professional accounting experience.


4. Attendance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors at meetings during the year
    For details of the attendance of the Independent Non-Executive Directors at meetings, please refer to
“Attendance of the Directors of the Company at the Board meetings and general meetings in 2020” of this
chapter.
176 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(VII) Confirmation of independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors
    All six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are not subject to the factors specified in
rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules which would put their independence into question. Moreover, the
Company has received the annual confirmation of independence from each of the Independent Non-Executive
Directors in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, the Company believes that all
Independent Non-Executive Directors are independent.

(VIII) Chairman of the Board and President
     The roles and duties of the Chairman of the Board and the President of the Company are performed by
different persons with clearly defined responsibilities in line with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


     Mr. Gao Yingxin has served as the Chairman of the Board of the Company since 16 July 2020. He was
responsible for leading the Board and acting as the Chairman of the Board meetings, and ensuring that
all Directors were well informed of the issues to be discussed during the Board meetings. He was also
responsible for managing the operation of the Board and ensuring that the Board discuss all major and
relevant issues in a timely and constructive manner. To achieve this, Chairman of the Board shall collaborate
with relevant Senior Management to ensure that the Directors promptly receive appropriate, complete and
reliable information for their consideration and review. For the details of the changes of chairman, please
refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Business Network”.


    Mr. Zheng Wanchun has served as the President of the Company throughout the Reporting Period.
He was responsible for the business operation of the Company and the implementation of strategies and
business plans of the Company.


(IX) Securities transactions by Directors, Supervisors and relevant employees
    The Company has adopted its own code of conduct of the Directors and the Supervisors regarding
transactions in securities, on terms no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in the Appendix 10 to
the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company has made specific enquiries to all Directors and Supervisors who
have confirmed that they have complied with the above-mentioned code for the year ended 31 December
2020. The Company also formulated the guidelines for dealings in securities of the Company by employees,
which are no more lenient than the Model Code. The Company is not aware of any non-compliance with
these guidelines by the relevant employees.

(X) Responsibility statement of Directors regarding preparation of financial statements
    All Directors of the Company had acknowledged their responsibilities for the preparation of the financial
statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   177


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



VI. Responsibilities of Corporate Governance and Special Committees of the
Board
    The corporate governance of the Company is vested in the Board. The duties include: (1) to develop and
review the corporate governance policy and practice of the Company; (2) to review and monitor the training
and continuous professional development of Directors and Senior Management; (3) to review and monitor the
policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements of the Company; (4) to formulate,
review and monitor the code of conduct for employees and Directors; and (5) to review the compliance of the
Company with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance
section in the Annual Report.


     The major works of corporate governance performed by the Board of the Company in 2020 were as
follows: the Board conducted self-assessment of corporate governance, led the Bank to optimise corporate
governance system and structure and strengthened the working performance systems of the special
committees under the Board. The Board had also conducted duty performance appraisals of Directors and
Senior Management, organised and carried out training of Directors and formulated and amended various
corporate governance policies of the Company in accordance with domestic and overseas regulatory
requirements so as to optimise its corporate governance system. The Board also confirmed that, save as
disclosed in this Annual Report, the Company had complied with the code provisions of Appendix 14 to the
Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout 2020 based on its review.


    Composition, functions and powers of the six special committees under the Board and their work
performed in 2020 are as follows:

(I) Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of
Directors
1. Composition of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the
Board of Directors and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the
seventh session of the Board had eight members. The chairman was Hong Qi and the members were Zhang
Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Liu Yonghao, Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Weng Zhenjie and Tian Suning.


    As on 30 June 2020, pursuant to the Resolution on Adjusting Compositions of Certain Special
Committees under the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company (        《關於調整公司第七屆董事會部份專
門委員會成員的決議》            ) approved at the 21st extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the
Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the seventh session of the Board had
eight members. The chairman was Gao Yingxin and the members were Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Liu
Yonghao, Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Weng Zhenjie and Tian Suning. On 16 July 2020, the CBIRC approved
the qualifications of Mr. Gao Yingxin as a Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Therefore, Hong Qi ceased to perform his duties.
178 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    As on 16 October 2020, pursuant to the Resolution on Compositions of Special Committees of the
Eighth Session of the Board (
                            《關於第八屆董事會專門委員會組成成員的決議》                    ) approved at the 1st meeting of
the eighth session of the Board, the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of
the eighth session of the Board had eight members. The chairman was Gao Yingxin and the members were
Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Liu Yonghao, Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Weng Zhenjie and Zhao Peng.


    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the eighth session of
the Board had six Non-Executive Directors, who were all key persons in charge of renowned companies in
China and had extensive experience in management and sufficient knowledge in finance and accounting. The
Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company is well-structured, with
sufficient specialty and independence, which ensures it to perform its strategic guidance and managing and
supervisory duty effectively.


   The main functions and duties of Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
under the Board of Directors shall be as follows:


    Studying and formulating long-term development strategies and medium-to long-term development
outlines of the Group and the Bank, supervising and evaluating the implementation of the strategies and
providing strategic adjustment proposals based on changing environment; studying and formulating the
development and strategic planning and basic management system of the inclusive finance business of
the Bank, reviewing the annual business plan, assessment and evaluation methods of inclusive finance and
supervising the implementation; studying and formulating consumer rights protection strategies, policies and
goals of the Bank, regularly reviewing the consumer rights protection work report and related proposals of the
Bank and monitoring and evaluating the consumer rights protection work and related information disclosure
of the Bank; reviewing the performance of social responsibilities in respect of the economy, environmental
protection and public welfare; reviewing and evaluating the corporate governance structure of the Company;
studying and formulating data strategies and reviewing major events related to data governance; studying
and formulating relevant systems for investments, proposing suggestions and plans for material investment
decisions of the Bank, and supervising the implementation; managing the consolidated financial statements
of the Group, including the Bank and its subsidiaries; studying and formulating relevant systems for merger
and acquisition, studying strategies for merger and acquisition and proposing implementation plans; studying
and planning the group-oriented operation and development model.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020        179


                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee convened seven meetings,
reviewed 38 proposals and received briefing of nine reports in 2020. The attendance record is as follows:

                                                                                                                   Attendance/
                                                                                                                    Number of
 Members                                                                                                              Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Zhang Hongwei                                                                                                                  7/7
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                                                                    7/7
 Liu Yonghao                                                                                                                    7/7
 Shi Yuzhu                                                                                                                      7/7
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                                                                   7/7
 Zhao Peng                                                                                                                      2/2


 Executive Directors
 Gao Yingxin (chairman of the committee)                                                                                        5/5
 Hong Qi (resigned)                                                                                                             2/2
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                                                                  7/7


 Independent Non-Executive Director
 Tian Suning (resigned)                                                                                                         5/5


Notes:

1.   For details of the changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.
180 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2. Major achievements of the Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee
under the Board of Directors in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, under the overall strategic guidance of the Board, the Strategic Development
and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of Directors actively carried out decision
support, strategic management, capital management, investment management, management of subsidiaries
and the consolidated financial statements of the Group, inclusive finance, protection of consumers’ rights and
interests, social responsibilities and data governance and other tasks in order to thoroughly fulfill its duties.


(1) Execution of supports on decision-making
     The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further refined the process
of operation and decision-making of the committee to improve the overall support on decision-making. It
convened seven meetings, reviewed 38 proposals and received briefings of nine reports. It fully discharged
its role in support of the major decisions of the Company.


(2) Active promotion of strategic management
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee actively pushed forward reform
and transformation and the implementation of the medium- to long-term development plan. It steered
the management to continuously improve the strategic management system, established a long-term
communication mechanism for strategic management and supervised the evaluation of the effectiveness of
strategic implementation.

(3) Continuous optimisation of capital management
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee continued to optimise the capital
management system, organised the preparation of the capital plan for the next three years and the annual
capital strategy,reviewed various capital management reports and internal capital adequacy assessment
reports, implement capital replenishment and capital monitoring, and prepare the profit distribution plan for
the Company to help facilitate the smooth implementation of the reform and transformation strategy.

(4) Active promotion of investment management
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further strengthened the
management of outward investments and actively pressed ahead the development strategies of the Group
so as to facilitate the implementation of major investment decisions and improve comprehensive services.
In addition, based on the relevant decisions of the Board, it fully performed its duties of major fixed assets
investment management, strengthened the establishment of work mechanisms and drew up and submitted
proposals for major fixed asset investment projects to the Board for consideration. Also, based on the
relevant decisions of the Board, it further pushed forward project implementation for better progress.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   181


                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(5) Enhancement of the management of subsidiaries
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further strengthened the
management of subsidiaries, innovated the management mechanism of corporate governance of subsidiaries
and strengthened the performance management of directors and supervisors of subsidiaries. It continuously
reinforced the strategic management of the subsidiaries. Greater efforts were made to refine the equity and
external investment management of the subsidiaries, so as to enhance the Group-oriented management.


(6) Continuous optimisation of the management of consolidated financial statements of the Group
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee refined the mechanism for
supervising the key tasks of the management of consolidated financial statements of the Group and
continued to optimise the management system. It also strengthened the Board’s role in supervision, appraisal
and assessment so as to improve the overall coordination of the Group.


(7) Fulfillment of inclusive finance, customer rights protection and social responsibilities
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee further improved the
performance mechanism of inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and social responsibilities. It also
gave guidance to the management on further improvement of the management system of inclusive finance,
consumer rights protection and social responsibilities. It has formulated the Guiding Opinions on Annual
Consumer Rights Protection (    《年度消費者權益保護指導意見》               ), improved governance mechanism and work
supervision, and received regular reports on the work of inclusive finance, consumer rights protection and
social responsibilities. The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee recommended
that the Board should exert greater efforts to policies such as inclusive finance and small business finance
and promote the implementation by the management. It strove to build a “customer-centric” consumer
protection culture. While making practical contributions to ensuring stability on six key fronts and maintaining
security in six key areas, it aimed to help the Company build up strengths and characteristics in the areas of
small business finance and inclusive finance.


(8) Optimisation of data governance
    The Strategic Development and Consumer Rights Protection Committee refined data governance
mechanism of the Company, revised the basic rules for data governance and received semi-annual and annual
reports on data governance to further enhance the quality and effectiveness of data governance.

(II) Nomination Committee
1. Composition of the Nomination Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the Nomination Committee of the seventh session of the Board had nine
members. The chairman was Peng Xuefeng and the members were Hong Qi, Zhang Hongwei, Liu Yonghao,
Shi Yuzhu, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun and Liu Ningyu.
182 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    As on 30 June 2020, pursuant to the Resolution on Adjusting Compositions of Certain Special
Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board (    《關於調整公司第七屆董事會部份專門委員會成員的決議》                          )
approved at the 21st extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Nomination Committee
had nine members. The chairman was Peng Xuefeng and the members were Gao Yingxin, Zhang Hongwei,
Liu Yonghao, Shi Yuzhu, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun and Liu Ningyu. On 16 July 2020, the CBIRC
approved the qualification of Mr. Gao Yingxin as a Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
Company and Mr. Hong Qi ceased to perform his duties.


    As on 16 October 2020, the re-election of the Board of the Company was completed. The Nomination
Committee of the eighth session of the Board had 11 members. The chairman was Peng Xuefeng and the
members were Gao Yingxin, Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang, Liu Yonghao, Shi Yuzhu, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng,
Xie Zhichun, Liu Ningyu and Qu Xinjiu.


    The main functions and duties of Nomination Committee shall be as follows:


    Reviewing the structure, composition and diversity of members of the Board of Directors (including
but not limited to the gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills,
knowledge and term of office) and making suggestions to the Board of Directors for implementation of the
strategies of the Bank annually; studying and formulating selection procedures and standards of appointment
of Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office of the Bank and making suggestions to the Board
of Directors. When identifying appropriate candidates for Directors, the value of the relevant candidates
shall be considered, while objective conditions should be fully examined for the benefit of the diversity of
members of the Board of Directors; identifying qualified candidates for Directors and the Senior Management
of the Head Office of the Bank; identifying and selecting outstanding candidates for operation management
widely and making suggestions to Senior Management of the Head Office of the Bank on candidates for
departments of the Head Office, Senior Management of branches and senior technical experts; conducting
preliminary examination on the qualification of candidates for Directors and Senior Management of the
Head Office and making suggestions to the Board of Directors; examining the qualification of candidates for
Independent Non-Executive Directors in terms of independence, professional knowledge, experience and
capability; examining the independence and performance of duties of Independent Non-Executive Directors
on a regular basis; conducting preliminary examination on the qualification of candidates for chief specialists
of the Bank, presidents of branches, presidents of SBUs, persons in charge of finance and chairman of the
board of directors, chairman of the board of supervisors and general managers proposed for subsidiaries
before appointments; formulating work procedures for alternative Directors and Senior Management of the
Head Office under special circumstances, and nominating candidates to fill the vacancies as appropriate;
guiding and supervising the establishment of a comprehensive data pool for development and management
of talent of the Bank; reviewing the time Directors spent to perform their duties on a regular basis; reviewing
the Policy of Board Diversity for the composition of the Board of Directors, the measurable targets set up for
executing the diversification policy and the fulfillment of such targets as appropriate, and disclosing review
results annually in the “Corporate Governance Report”; performing responsibilities specified by the laws,
regulations and the listing rules of the places where the Bank is listed; and fulfilling other functions and
duties of the Committee authorised by the Board of Directors. Please refer to the section headed “V. Board
of Directors – (I) Composition of the Board” of this chapter for details of the summary of Policy of Board
Diversity.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020        183


                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The Nomination Committee convened six meetings and reviewed 17 proposals in 2020. The attendance
record is as follows:

                                                                                                                   Attendance/
                                                                                                                    Number of
 Members                                                                                                              Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Zhang Hongwei                                                                                                                  6/6
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                                                                    2/2
 Liu Yonghao                                                                                                                    6/6
 Shi Yuzhu                                                                                                                      6/6


 Executive Directors
 Gao Yingxin                                                                                                                    4/4
 Hong Qi (resigned)                                                                                                             2/2


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Peng Xuefeng (chairman of the committee)                                                                                       6/6
 Liu Jipeng                                                                                                                     6/6
 Li Hancheng                                                                                                                    6/6
 Xie Zhichun                                                                                                                    6/6
 Liu Ningyu                                                                                                                     6/6
 Qu Xinjiu                                                                                                                      2/2


Notes:

1.   For details of the changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.
184 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2. Nomination procedures and process adopted by the Nomination Committee
(1) Nomination procedures for Director candidates
     The Articles of Association of the Company provide for the procedures and method of nomination of
Directors, please refer to Articles 152 and 165 of the Articles of Association considered and approved at the
first extraordinary general meeting for 2021 for details.


(2) Criteria and standards of selection and recommendation of Director candidates
    Directors shall possess expertise and experiences to perform his/her duties as well as qualify the
requirements of the banking regulatory authorities of the State Council. Qualification of Directors shall be
reviewed by the banking regulatory authorities of the State Council.


   Independent Non-Executive Director shall possess the following basic requirements:


   ① obtains qualifications to serve as directors of listed commercial banks in accordance with the laws,
     administrative regulations and other relevant provisions;


   ② obtains a bachelor degree or above or with relevant professional qualifications in middle level or
     above;


   ③ fulfills the independence requirement specified in the Articles of Association;

   ④ is equipped with a basic knowledge of the operation of listed commercial banks, and is familiar with
     relevant laws, administrative regulations, rules and regulations;


   ⑤ is able to read, understand and analyse commercial bank’s credit statistics and financial statements;


   ⑥ has more than five years of legal, economic, commercial banking or other working experience
     necessary for performing duties as Independent Non-Executive Directors;


   ⑦ meets the requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory authorities and the relevant Listing
     Rules regarding the qualifications of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and obtains other
     qualifications to serve as Directors specified in the Articles of Association.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   185


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    Independent Non-Executive Directors shall be independent. The following persons shall not serve as
Independent Non-Executive Directors:


   ① an employee of the Company, or is the lineal relative, main social relation (lineal relative refers
     to spouse, parents, children, etc.; main social relation refers to brother and sister, father-in-law,
     mother-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, etc.) of such employee;


   ② natural person shareholders directly or indirectly holding 1% or more of total issued shares of the
     Bank or being the top 10 shareholders of the Bank and their immediate relatives;


   ③ employees of the shareholders directly or directly holding 5% or more of total voting shares of the
     Bank or of the top five shareholders of the Bank and their immediate relatives;


   ④ has any of the three factors listed above in the past one year;


   ⑤ provides financial, legal, consulting services to the Bank or its subsidiaries;


   ⑥ other persons as specified by the banking regulatory authorities and the securities regulatory
     authority of the State Council; and


   ⑦ other persons as specified by laws, regulations, normative documents and the Articles of Association.


3. Major achievements of the Nomination Committee in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee under the Board duly performed the following
duties in respect of examining the qualifications of Director candidates, reviewing independence and
performance of annual works of Independent Non-Executive Directors, and examining requirements and
qualifications of Senior Management, in accordance with the Terms of Reference and Implementation of
the Nomination Committee under the Board ( 《董事會提名委員會工作實施細則》               ) and the Working Plan of the
Nomination Committee under the Board (  《董事會提名委員會工作計劃》             ) formulated at the beginning of the
year:


(1) Examining qualifications of Director candidates
    In accordance with the Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company and based on
the appointment requirements and qualifications for Directors and Independent Directors, it preliminarily
examined the qualifications and requirements of Director candidates and selected and examined the
qualifications of Independent Director candidates for the eighth session of the Board within the number of
persons as stipulated in the Articles of Association of the Company. Taking into account the independence,
professional capabilities, experience and work performance of the Independent Director candidates, as well
as the requirement of a more diversified board composition, it recommended the Board eligible Director
candidates that met requirements and conscientiously performed its duties.
186 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(2) Examining independence of annual work of Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Memorandum on Regular Report for Listed Companies (       《上市公
司定期報告工作備忘錄》             ), the Nomination Committee has reviewed the Annual Work Report of Independent
Non-Executive Directors for 2020 (《獨立非執行董事2020年度述職報告》                ) of the six Independent Non-Executive
Directors of the Company according to their annual work, annual duty performance, preparation of annual
report and key issues of the Company and submitted the Annual Work Report to the shareholders at the
annual general meeting. The Nomination Committee is of the opinion that during the Reporting Period, the
six Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have performed their various functions and duties
in compliance with laws and regulations in a diligent manner, and diligently supervised the compliance with
respect to the development of the businesses and significant matters of the Company, which effectively
enhanced corporate governance and protected the interests of the Company and the shareholders, especially
the interests of minority shareholders.

(3) Examining appointment requirements and qualifications of Senior Management
    In accordance with the duties and responsibilities of the committee, the Nomination Committee carefully
examined the appointment conditions and qualifications of President Zheng Wanchun, Executive Vice
Presidents Yuan Guijun, Chen Qiong, Shi Jie, Li Bin, Lin Yunshan and Hu Qinghua, Chief Financial Officer
and Board Secretary Bai Dan, Chief Audit Officer Zhang Yuebo and Assistant President Ouyang Yong before
recommending them to the Board of Directors for appointment.


(4) Examining qualifications of branch presidents and senior management of subsidiaries
    The Nomination Committee continued to perform its duties of making decisions on selection and
appointment of the senior management and improve the nomination procedure in a normative, transparent
and efficient manner. The Nomination Committee considered a total of 12 candidates for presidents of
branches and candidates for chairman of the board of directors, chairman of the board of supervisors and
general managers accredited to subsidiaries during the year.

(III) Compensation and Remuneration Committee
1. Composition of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the seventh session of
the Board had eight members. The chairman was Tian Suning and the members were Lu Zhiqiang, Zheng
Wanchun, Wu Di, Liu Jipeng, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun and Peng Xuefeng.


    As on 16 October 2020, the re-election of the Board of the Company was completed. The Compensation
and Remuneration Committee of the eighth session of the Board had 9 members. The chairman was Liu
Jipeng and the members were Gao Yingxin, Wu Di, Weng Zhenjie, Yang Xiaoling, Li Hancheng, Xie Zhichun,
Peng Xuefeng and Liu Ningyu.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   187


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   The main functions and duties of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee shall be as follows:


     Studying and formulating remuneration policies, remuneration systems and proposals of the Directors
and Senior Management of the Head Office for the establishment of formal and transparent procedures
for making remuneration policies, making recommendations to the Board of Directors and supervising the
implementation of remuneration policies, remuneration systems and proposals; studying and formulating
performance appraisal standards and proposals of the Directors and Senior Management of the Head
Office; studying and formulating performance appraisal system of the Directors and Senior Management of
the Head Office, making recommendations to the Board of Directors and carrying out regular evaluations;
considering and determining the classes of positions and remuneration of Senior Management of the
Head Office; studying and formulating the proposal of share option incentive scheme of the Bank and its
subsidiaries and its implementation method; reviewing the material remuneration system of the Bank,
making recommendations on improvement and supervising its implementation; studying and formulating the
resignation policy of the Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office; determining the remuneration
and incentive and restraint proposals for Directors and Senior Management of the Head Office, including their
benefits-in-kind, pension and compensations (including compensation for loss of office or appointment or
removal from office or appointment which is not due to misconduct or termination of office or appointment)
and making recommendations to the Board of Directors; reviewing and approving compensation payment to
the Directors and Senior Management for their loss or termination of office or appointment or their removal
or dismissal due to misconduct, which shall be determined based on the relevant contracts or, in the absence
of the relevant contracts, fair and reasonable; performing duties stipulated by the laws, regulations and
listing rules of places where the Company is listed; and dealing with other matters conferred by the Board of
Directors.


    The Compensation and Remuneration Committee convened four meetings, reviewed eight proposals and
received briefing of two special reports in 2020. The attendance record is as follows:

                                                                                              Attendance/
                                                                                               Number of
 Members                                                                                         Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Lu Zhiqiang                                                                                             3/3
 Wu Di                                                                                                   4/4
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                                            1/1
 Yang Xiaoling                                                                                           1/1


 Executive Directors
 Gao Yingxin                                                                                             1/1
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                                           3/3
188 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                                   Attendance/
                                                                                                                    Number of
 Members                                                                                                              Meetings

 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Liu Jipeng (chairman of the Committee)                                                                                         4/4
 Li Hancheng                                                                                                                    4/4
 Xie Zhichun                                                                                                                    4/4
 Peng Xuefeng                                                                                                                   4/4
 Liu Ningyu                                                                                                                     1/1
 Tian Suning (resigned)                                                                                                         3/3


Notes:

1.   For details of the changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.


2. Major achievements of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, according to the Terms of Reference of the Compensation and
Remuneration Committee of the Board (   《董事會薪酬與考核委員會工作細則》                    ) and the annual work plan of the
Board, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee focused on optimising and refining the incentive and
restraint mechanism, gave full play to its functions and carried out all tasks in a proactive manner. Its major
achievements of the year are as follows:


(1) Objective evaluation on performance of Directors for the year
    In order to further standardise and enhance the diligent performance of duties of Directors, the
Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board carried out an objective evaluation on the
performances of all the Directors for 2019 based on measurable key performance indicators, including
meeting attendance, training participation and involvement of decision-making during the Reporting Period
and published the Performance Appraisal Report of Directors of the Board of China Minsheng Bank for 2019
(
《中國民生銀行董事會2019年度董事履職評價報告》                       ).


(2) Appraisal on duty performance of Senior Management for the year
     The Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board studied and designed performance
appraisal standards and plans of the Senior Management for 2019 according to the authorisation of the
Board and related rules. The Compensation and Remuneration Committee under the Board organised
and implemented the appraisal work of the duty performance of the Senior Management for 2019. These
initiatives ensured a thorough understanding of the Board and the Compensation and Remuneration
Committee in respect of the performance of the Senior Management and effectively guided them to further
improve their performance. To orderly carry out the annual appraisal of the Senior Management for 2020, the
Committee formulated plans and clarified principles, indicators and other important issues of the appraisal to
provide guidance for the relevant works.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    189


                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(3) Optimisation and refinement of incentive and restraint mechanism of Senior Management
    In accordance with the requirements of the Guidelines on Corporate Governance of Commercial Banks
(
《商業銀行公司治理指引》              ), Supervisory Guidelines on Prudent Remuneration of Commercial Banks ( 《商業銀行
穩健薪酬監管指引》           ) and other relevant rules and regulations, the Compensation and Remuneration Committee
has continuously optimised and improved the performance appraisal system for the Senior Management to
highlight the importance of “compliant operation” and “risk management”. In the annual appraisal plan of
the Senior Management for 2020, it emphasised on compliant operation and risk management, increased
the overall weight of compliance and risk indicators, and paid attention to social responsibilities. Through
evaluating service quality, consumer protection, green credit and inclusive finance, it guided the Senior
Management to effectively implement the requirements of national policies, and strove to establish and
improve an incentive and restraint mechanism that “balanced risk and return, long-term and short-term
interests, and spiritual and material rewards”.

(4) Preparation of annual remuneration plans for Directors and Senior Management
    The Compensation and Remuneration Committee prepared the 2019 remuneration plans for Directors
based on their performances in compliance with the provision of the Rules for Remuneration of Directors
and Supervisors (
               《董事、監事薪酬制度》          ), and reported it to the Board of Directors and shareholders’ general
meeting for discussion. According to the Administrative Rules for Remuneration of Senior Management
of China Minsheng Bank ( 《中國民生銀行高級管理人員薪酬管理制度》                     ) and the Administrative Measures on
Venture Fund for Senior Management of China Minsheng Bank (       《中國民生銀行高級管理人員風險基金管
理辦法》   ), the Compensation and Remuneration Committee prepared the 2019 remuneration plan of the
Senior Management and disclosed it after being approved by the Board. It reviewed and confirmed the job
ranks and salary ranks of the Senior Management of the Head Office, and received special briefings on the
implementation of venture fund for the Senior Management.

(IV) Risk Management Committee
1. Composition of the Risk Management Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the Risk Management Committee of the seventh session of the Board had five
members. The chairman was Xie Zhichun and the members were Zheng Wanchun, Wu Di, Song Chunfeng
and Li Hancheng.


   As on 16 October 2020, the Risk Management Committee of the eighth session of the Board had six
members. The chairman was Xie Zhichun and the members were Zheng Wanchun, Wu Di, Song Chunfeng,
Zhao Peng and Li Hancheng.


     The main functions and duties of Risk Management Committee shall be as follows: Conducting
research on national macro-economic and financial policies and analysing the market changes; assisting the
Board in establishing risk management culture and strategies, determining risk preferences and ensuring
the establishment of risk limit control; examining regulations, policies and regulatory indicators issued
by regulatory authorities, and assisting the Board in performing its risk management duties in respect of
credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, country risk, interest rate risk of the banking books,
reputation risk, strategic risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, anti-money laundering and
anti-terrorism financing and case prevention according to various requirements issued and amended by
the regulatory authorities; conducting researches on the development strategies and risk management
system of the Bank to provide recommendations on the improvement of organisational structure, control
190 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



procedures and risk solutions for risk management; assisting the Board in reviewing major risk management
policies and procedures; conducting researches on the implementation procedures and its management
methods of the strategic planning of the Bank, evaluating the effectiveness of the risk policies and providing
dynamic risk control proposals; assisting the Board in supervising the overall risk management of the Senior
Management; examining the operation and risk conditions of the Bank and identifying major risk problems
needed to be focused on by risk management based on five-category classification and discounted cash flow
analysis; assisting the Board in reviewing overall risk management report and other risk information reports;
supervising and evaluating the implementation of the strategic planning and monitoring the continuous
efforts of the business management in improving its risk control ability; examining the risk identification,
management technology, risk control and compensation mechanism operated and managed by the Bank
and reviewing the planning of risk management system; reviewing the warning, prevention and emergency
response measures on material risks events in the operation and management of the Bank; organising risk
assessment for material operation issues to formulate risk prevention measures; assisting the Board in
reviewing information disclosure of overall risk and various material risks; reviewing the green credit targets
and reports submitted by the Senior Management to supervise and evaluate the performance of green credit
of the Bank; and other duties as set out by laws, administrative regulations, rules and requirements of stock
regulatory authorities of the places where the shares of the Bank are listed and as delegated by the Board of
Directors.


   The Risk Management Committee convened eight meetings and reviewed 30 proposals and received
seven briefings of special reports in 2020. The attendance record is as follows:

                                                                                                                      Attendance/
                                                                                                                       Number of
 Members                                                                                                                 Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Wu Di                                                                                                                            8/8
 Song Chunfeng                                                                                                                    8/8
 Zhao Peng                                                                                                                        2/2


 Executive Director
 Zheng Wanchun                                                                                                                    8/8


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Xie Zhichun (chairman of the committee)                                                                                          8/8
 Li Hancheng                                                                                                                      8/8


Notes:

1.       For details of changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
         Business Network” in this report;

2.          The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   191


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2. Major achievements of the Risk Management Committee in 2020
    In 2020, under the leadership of the Board, the Risk Management Committee further refined the
risk management system, continued to strengthen the effectiveness and standardisation of overall risk
management and improve system quality. Its major achievements of the year were as follows:


(1) Improving risk management performance system of the Board
    The Risk management Committee established and improved the system of compliant performance of
risk management of the Board, strengthened the effectiveness of corporate governance and overall risk
management, and further enhanced the capability of the Board to perform compliant risk management. It has
formulated the “Guidelines on Risk Management Performance of the Board of Directors of China Minsheng
Bank (《中國民生銀行董事會風險管理履職指引》                      ) in accordance with the regulatory requirements and the actual
situation of the Company, which was formally implemented after being considered and approved by the Risk
Management Committee and the Board of Directors. The Guidelines defined risk management responsibilities
and standardised risk management process of the Board of Directors in six aspects, including building a risk
culture, setting risk appetite, formulating risk management strategies and major risk management systems,
reviewing or examining risk management-related matters, and risk supervision. It served as an important
basis and main facilitator for the Board of Directors to perform its risk management duties.


(2) Strengthening effectiveness of risk management and risk supervision
    The Risk management Committee enhanced implementation and supervision on risk management tasks
assigned by the regulatory authorities and the Board of Directors and completed the relevant works including
formulating the Guiding Opinion on Risk Management by the Board for 2020 (2020年董事會風險管理指導意見),
Report on Risk Assessment for 2019 (2019年度風險評估報告) and Special Interim Report on Risk Assessment
for 2020 (2020半年度專項風險評估報告), carrying out special risk investigation and reviewing various risk
reports of the management. With stronger coordination between these works, the Risk Management
Committee has established an closed-loop mechanism of guidance, implementation and evaluation of risk
management by the Board.


(3) Standardising review mechanism of major risk systems
    In accordance with the Rules for the Review of Major Risk Systems of the Board of China Minsheng
Bank (《中國民生銀行董事會關於重要風險制度的審查規則》                       ), the Risk Management Committee continued to
strengthen the review and supervision of major risk systems to ensure that the Board of Directors fully
performed their duties and functions in risk management in line with the regulatory requirements. The Risk
Management Committee supervised the sorting of existing major risk management systems, and further
standardised the compliance and effectiveness of major risk management systems and embedded external
regulations in its internal systems based on the needs of establishing fundamental systems. The Risk
Management Committee reviewed and considered seven major risk management systems during the year.
192 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(4) Promoting full-coverage of risk management
   Pursuant to the Terms of Reference of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of China Minsheng
Banking Corp., Ltd. (  《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事會風險管理委員會工作細則》                                ), the Risk Management
Committee held seven committee meetings, received and reviewed 36 risk reports, including the Report
on Overall Risk Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2019 (        《2019年中國民生銀行全面風險管理報告》                   ),
Report on Compliance Risk Management of China Minsheng Bank for 2019 (       《中國民生銀行2019年度合規風險
管理報告》     ), Report on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risk Evaluation of China Minsheng Bank for
2019 (
     《中國民生銀行2019年度洗錢和恐怖融資風險評估工作報告》                             ). It also received and discussed briefings of
special reports. It conducted researches and received briefings on risk management by the management and
considered and approved the management’s reports on risk management on a quarterly basis.

(V) Audit Committee
1. Composition of the Audit Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the Audit Committee of the seventh session of the Board had five members.
The chairman was Liu Ningyu and the members were Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and
Tian Suning. Pursuant to the Resolution on Members of Special Committees of the Eighth Session of the
Board (
      《關於第八屆董事會專門委員會組成成員的決議》                      ) considered and approved at the 1st meeting of the
eighth session of the Board of the Company on 16 October 2020, the number of members comprising the
Audit Committee under the eighth session of the Board was five, with Liu Ningyu as the chairman and Song
Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and Qu Xinjiu as members.


    The Audit Committee of the eighth session of the Board had three Independent Non-Executive Directors
and two Non-Executive Directors. The three Independent Non-Executive Directors were experts in finance
and management. Two Non-Executive Directors were the key persons in charge of renowned companies
in China and had extensive experiences in management and sufficient professional knowledge in finance
and accounting. The Audit Committee of the Company is well-structured, with sufficient specialty and
independence, which ensures the Audit Committee to perform its supervisory duty effectively.

   For the details of the members of the Audit Committee of the Company and their profiles, please refer to
“Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Business Network”. The members of
the committee are not related to each other in terms of finance, business, family or other material or relevant
relations.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   193


                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The main functions and duties of Audit Committee shall be as follows:


    Making recommendations on the appointment or replacement of external auditor and reviewing the
remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor as well as handling any questions of appointment
or dismissal of external auditor; reviewing and monitoring the independence and objectivity of external
auditor and the effectiveness of the audit process; discussing with the external auditor about the nature and
scope of audit and the reporting responsibility of auditing before the commencement of the auditing works;
formulating and implementing policies regarding non-auditing services provided by external auditor; reviewing
the financial and accounting policies and practices; examining annual financial budgets and annual accounting
reports of the Company; reviewing quarterly, interim and annual financial reports to be disclosed by the
Company and making recommendation on the truthfulness, completeness and accuracy of the information
disclosed in such financial reports; coordinating the internal and external auditing; reviewing annual reports
on the write-off of bad loans; reviewing auditing rules, medium- to long-term auditing plans and annual
working plan for internal auditing; providing guidance for internal auditing; supervising the internal auditing
department and supervising the implementation of the internal audit system to ensure sufficient resources
are provided to and appropriate standing for the internal auditing department; evaluating the performance of
the internal auditing department and key officers; supervising the management to rectify problems identified
during the internal audit, reviewing accounting records, financial accounts or proposals for the internal control
management and proposals for the auditing on material matters provided to the management by the external
auditing firm, assisting the management to provide corresponding responses and ensuring that the Board
of Directors provides timely responses to any recommendations made by the external auditing firm to the
management; supervising the establishment of the internal control system of the Company and organising
the self-evaluation of the internal control of the Bank; discussing the internal control system with the
management to ensure the management has performed its duties to establish an effective internal control
system, including whether the adequacy of resources, qualification and experience of accounting and financial
reporting personnel and training programmes for relevant employees and relevant budget meet demands;
reviewing arrangements by which employees of the Bank may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters; ensuring that proper arrangements
are in place for a fair and independent investigations of such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions;
monitoring the relationships between the Company and the external auditors in its capacity as a major
representative; performing duties stipulated by the laws, regulations and listing rules of places where the
Company is listed; and dealing with other matters conferred by the Board of Directors or related to the duties
of the committee.
194 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The Audit Committee under the Board convened nine meetings, reviewed 40 proposals and received six
reports in 2020. The attendance record is as follows:

                                                                                                                   Attendance/
                                                                                                                    Number of
 Members                                                                                                              Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Song Chunfeng                                                                                                                  9/9
 Weng Zhenjie                                                                                                                   9/9


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Liu Ningyu (chairman of the committee)                                                                                         9/9
 Peng Xuefeng                                                                                                                   8/9
 Qu Xinjiu                                                                                                                      2/2
 Tian Suning (resigned)                                                                                                         7/7


Notes:

1.   For details of changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.


2. Major achievements of the Audit Committee in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee under the Board performed its responsibilities and
duties diligently by strengthening its supervision on financial report audit, optimising the internal control
system and improving information quality of financial reports. Major works accomplished during the year are
as follows:


(1) Reviewing financial statements of the Company and timely disclosing financial information
    Based on the disclosure requirements of the regulatory authorities for annual financial report and the
review and disclosure plan of the Audit Committee under the Board, during the Reporting Period, the Audit
Committee under the Board organised the preparation and external auditing of the 2019 Annual Report with
focus on financial and accounting policies and the implementation and reviewed several reports, including the
Annual Report, 2019 Report on Final Accounts, 2020 Financial Budgets Report, 2020 Interim Financial Report,
and the first and third quarterly reports of 2020 of the Company. It effectively ensured the truthfulness,
accuracy and completeness of the financial reports of the Company.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   195


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(2) Supervising internal audit and improving audit efficiency
    During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee under the Board received the work report on the 2019
annual internal audit and the work plan of internal audit for 2020, put forward opinions and suggestions on
internal audit, and strengthened the pertinence and effectiveness of internal audit. It reviewed the internal
control evaluation plan and the internal control evaluation report, and guided the management to take
timely measures to effectively rectify internal control defects and promote the continuous improvement
of the internal control mechanism. The committee received special audit reports on wealth management,
related-party transaction and anti-money laundering, supervised the internal audit departments to carry our
supervision, inspection and evaluation. It strengthened the application of audit results, and implemented
normalised supervision on rectifications of issues identified.


(3) Strengthening communication and exchanges with external auditors and enhancing the supervision
of external audit
    The committee organised and completed the work evaluation of external auditors and provided opinions
on re-appointment, reviewed the fees of external audit firms, reviewed the external audit plan, checked the
independence and objectivity of external audit and the effectiveness of audit procedures, and coordinated the
management to respond to external audit.


(4) Reviewing proposals on writing off bad loans and optimising the approval process
    During the year, the committee reviewed a number of proposals on writing off bad loans. It reviewed
and revised the Administrative Measures on Writing off Bad Loans ( 《呆賬核銷管理辦法》           ) of the Company in
accordance with external rules and regulations and taking into account the actual situation of the Company,
and improved the work plan for writing off bad loans of the Board of Directors. Through this plan, the
committee fully standardised and improved the approval process for writing off bad loans from recognition to
responsibility investigation, and urged the management to attach great importance to the approval process
and implement the relevant work plans.

(VI) Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee
1. Composition of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee and meetings in 2020
     As on 1 January 2020, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the seventh session of
the Board consisted of five members. The chairman of the committee was Li Hancheng, and the members
were Wu Di, Song Chunfeng, Liu Jipeng and Liu Ningyu. Pursuant to the Resolution on Members of Special
Committees of the Eighth Session of the Board (  《關於第八屆董事會專門委員會組成成員的決議》                      ) considered
and approved at the 1st meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company on 16 October 2020, the
number of members of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the eighth session of the
Board was six, with Li Hancheng as the chairman and Wu Di, Song Chunfeng, Liu Jipeng, Liu Ningyu and Qu
Xinjiu as members.


    The Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the eighth session of the Board had four
Independent Non-Executive Directors who were experts in auditing, finance, laws and management,
respectively. Two Non-Executive Directors were key persons in charge of renowned companies in China
and had extensive experience in management and sufficient knowledge in finance, accounting and law. The
composition of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Company is well-structured,
with sufficient specialty and independence, which ensures that the Related Party Transactions Supervision
Committee performs its supervisory duties effectively.
196 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    For the details of the members of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Company
and their profiles, please refer to the section “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
Employees and Business Network”. The members of the committee are not related to each other in terms of
finance, business, family or other material relations or relevant relations.


    Major duties of the Related Party Transaction Supervision Committee shall be as follows:


    Managing related party transactions and formulating corresponding management system for related party
transactions, which shall be implemented upon approval by the Shareholders’ general meeting or the Board of
Directors, in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory requirements of relevant regulatory
authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international accounting standards,
and the Articles of Association; reviewing and identifying related parties, reporting to the Board of Directors
and the Board of Supervisors, and promptly announcing to the management of the Company in accordance
with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory requirements of relevant regulatory authorities and stock
exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international accounting standards, and the Articles
of Association; defining the types of related party transactions and determining corresponding approval
procedures and standards in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, regulatory requirements of
relevant regulatory authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international
accounting standards, and the Articles of Association; reviewing and approving related party transactions
which shall be approved by the committee in accordance with the review procedures and standards;
reviewing and approving related party transactions which shall be approved by the Board of Directors or
the shareholders’ general meeting in accordance with the review and approval procedures and standards;
examining the information disclosure of related party transactions; and performing other duties required by
laws and administrative regulations of the places where the Company is listed, regulatory requirements of
relevant regulatory authorities and stock exchanges, national uniform accounting system and international
accounting standards, and the Articles of Association.


    The Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board convened seven meetings,
reviewed 24 proposals and received three reports in 2020. The attendance record is as follows:

                                                                                                Attendance/
                                                                                                 Number of
 Members                                                                                           Meetings

 Non-Executive Directors
 Wu Di                                                                                                    7/7
 Song Chunfeng                                                                                            7/7


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Li Hancheng (chairman of the committee)                                                                  7/7
 Liu Jipeng                                                                                               7/7
 Liu Ningyu                                                                                               7/7
 Qu Xinjiu                                                                                                2/2
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020        197


                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Notes:

1.   For details of changes of Directors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and
     Business Network”;

2.   The Directors only attended but refrained from voting at the meetings prior to CBIRC’s approval on their qualifications.


2. Major achievements of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, under the guidance of the Board, the Related Party Transactions Supervision
Committee under the Board has performed its responsibilities and duties diligently in terms of management
of related parties, examination, approval and control of related party transactions, information disclosure
of related party transactions, policy making and improvements on procedures of related party transactions.
Major works accomplished during the year are as follows:


(1) Updating, confirmation and publication of list of related parties
   The database of related parties was continuously maintained. According to the requirements of the
CBIRC, the listing rules of the SSE, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant requirements of accounting
standards, the committee regularly collected the updated data of related parties from substantial
shareholders, Directors, Supervisors, and the Senior Management of the Head Office, senior managers of
branches and persons having the power to decide or participate in credit granting and asset transfer, etc. by
mail, and managed the list of related parties dynamically with prompt update. The committee reviewed and
confirmed related parties, and reported to the Board and the Board of Supervisors. A publishing mechanism
of the list of related parties was also established for business units at all levels. As such, a solid foundation
was laid for the management of related party transactions.


(2) Confirmation, review and approval and disclosure of related party transactions
    During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee under the Board
completed the filing, review and approval and disclosure of several related party transaction confirmations,
related party credit granting and non-credit-based related party transactions. It reviewed and approved
related party transactions under its charge in accordance with relevant procedures and standards. It also
reviewed related party transactions which shall be approved by the Board of Directors or the shareholders’
general meeting in accordance with relevant procedures and standards, and submitted them to the Board of
Directors for approval. During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee
under the Board continued to push forward integrated group credit granting. It examined the integrated group
credit granting to related party groups, including substantial shareholders, on a case-by-case basis, and timely
submitted to the Board for approval, which enhanced the efficiency of the management of related party
transactions of the Company and to better control the risks.
198 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(3) Improvement on management rules and system of related party transactions
    During the Reporting Period, the committee organised amendments to the Administrative Measures
on Related Party Transactions of China Minsheng Bank (    《中國民生銀行關聯交易管理辦法》                  ) and the Terms of
Reference of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee of the Board (      《董事會關聯交易控制委員
會工作細則》      ), strictly implemented related party transaction approval standards, and defined the main duties
of the Related Party Transactions Supervision Committee. It further improved the management system and
standardised the filing, reporting and approval procedures of related party transactions to enhance the related
party transaction management.


(4) Effective management of internal transactions of the Group
    During the Reporting Period, the management of internal transactions remained in line with the
Administrative Measures on Internal Transactions (《內部交易管理辦法》                ). Adhering to the principles of
compliance, risk isolation and business, the Company adopted integrated group credit granting management
for credit-based internal transactions with subsidiaries, the terms of credit granting and guarantees
were no more favourable than those available to the independent third parties. The Company managed
non-credit-based internal transactions between subsidiaries and the Company and between subsidiaries
based on budget management and total amount control. The budget reports of internal transactions of
subsidiaries were reviewed and approved in a timely manner. The committee also tightened its management
over the use of transaction budget within the approved credit limit of subsidiaries. By strengthening the filing
management of internal transactions, the compliant and efficient management of internal transactions was
achieved.

VII. Board of Supervisors
    The Board of Supervisors is the supervisory organisation of the Company, which executes its powers
and functions in accordance with the laws and regulations, such as the Company Law of the PRC, applicable
regulatory provisions and the Articles of Association to promote the compliance of operations and stable
development of the Company and safeguard interests of the Company and investors. The Board of
Supervisors shall be accountable for the general meetings.

(I) Composition of the Board of Supervisors
    On 16 October 2020, the Board of Supervisors of the Company completed its re-election. Elected by
the Company’s shareholders’ general meeting and employee representative meeting, the eighth session of
the Board of Supervisors of the Company comprised nine members, with Zhang Juntong as the Chairman,
Guo Dong as the Vice Chairman and Lu Zhongnan, Zhao Huan John, Li Yu, Wang Yugui, Zhao Fugao, Zhang
Liqing and Li Jian as members, including three Shareholder Supervisors, three External Supervisors and
three Employee Supervisors. The three Shareholder Supervisors had extensive management experience and
sufficient knowledge in finance and accounting; the three External Supervisors were all experts in finance
and management; and the three Employee Supervisors had been engaged in policy analysis and banking
operation and management for a long time, possessing extensive professional experiences.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    199


                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   The Board of Supervisors is well-structured, with high degree of specialty and independence, which
ensures that the Board of Supervisors brings its supervisory functions into full play.


    For the list of Supervisors and their profiles, please refer to the section “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management, Employees and Business Network”. The members of the Board of Supervisors are not
related to each other in terms of finance, business, family or other material or relevant relations.

(II) Functions and duties of the Board of Supervisors
     According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Supervisors of the Company shall exercise the
following rights:


    1.   to review regular reports of the Company prepared by the Board and propose opinions on the reports
         in writing;


    2.   to examine financial activities of the Company and may (if necessary) engage another accounting firm
         to conduct independent auditing on financial status in the name of the Company;


    3.   to oversee the compliance of Directors, President, Executive Vice Presidents, Chief Financial Officer
         and Board Secretary of the Company in performing their duties;


    4.   to demand any Directors, President, Executive Vice Presidents, Chief Financial Officer and Board
         Secretary of the Company to rectify his/her conduct when such conduct is detrimental to the
         interests of the Company, and to report such conduct to general meetings or relevant national
         regulatory authorities if necessary; and to make proposals to remove any Director and/or member of
         Senior Management if he/she breaches any applicable laws, administrative regulations, the Articles of
         Association or resolutions of general meetings;


    5.   to conduct auditing over any issues in connection with the operation and decision making, risk
         management and internal control of the Company as and when necessary;


    6.   to make a departure auditing, if required, in respect of any resigned Director or members of Senior
         Management;


    7.   to issue opinions on the engagement of the accounting firm by the Company;


    8.   to propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting, and, if the Board fails to convene or chair
         such a meeting as required under the Company Law of the PRC, to convene or chair a general
         meeting;


    9.   to propose to convene an extraordinary board meeting and submit proposals to the general meeting;


    10. to file lawsuits against Directors and members of Senior Management according to Article 151 of the
        Company Law of the PRC;
200 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    11. to investigate any irregularities in the operations of the Company and, if necessary, may engage
        accounting firms, law firms or other professional firms to assist its work and the costs will be borne
        by the Company; and


    12. to exercise other rights prescribed by the Articles of Association or authorised by the general
        meeting.


    Members of the Board of Supervisors may attend meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates and are
entitled to voice their opinions at the meetings.

(III) Board of Supervisors meetings and contents of resolutions
    During the Reporting Period, the Board of Supervisors of the Company convened eight meetings,
considered and approved 22 proposals, including the annual report, work reports of the Board of Supervisors,
reports on performance appraisal, profit distribution plans, report on internal control evaluation and regular
reports for 2020 of the Company. The Board of Supervisors also reviewed 45 reports, including Annual
Report on Risk Management, Work Report on Case Prevention, Report on Capital Management, Report on
Anti-Money Laundering, and Work Report of Consumer Rights Protection. During the Reporting Period, the
Board of Supervisors had no objection towards the supervised matters.

 Meeting                                          Date               Publication                                  Date of disclosure

 2nd extraordinary meeting of the seventh         28 February 2020   Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   29 February 2020
   session of the Board of Supervisors                                 Journal and Securities Times
 20th meeting of the seventh session of the       23 March 2020      Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   24 March 2020
    Board of Supervisors                                               Journal and Securities Times
 21st meeting of the seventh session of the       30 March 2020      Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   31 March 2020
   Board of Supervisors                                                Journal and Securities Times
 22nd meeting of the seventh session of the       29 April 2020      Resolution announcement regarding review of the First Quarterly Report
   Board of Supervisors                                                for 2020 was not disclosed separately.
 3rd extraordinary meeting of the seventh         7 May 2020         Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   8 May 2020
    session of the Board of Supervisors                                Journal and Securities Times
 23rd meeting of the seventh session of the       28 August 2020     Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   29 August 2020
    Board of Supervisors                                               Journal and Securities Times
 1st meeting of the eighth session of the Board   16 October 2020    Shanghai Securities News, China Securities   17 October 2020
    of Supervisors                                                     Journal and Securities Times
 2nd meeting of the eighth session of the Board   30 October 2020    Resolution announcement regarding review of the Third Quarterly Report
   of Supervisors                                                      for 2020 was not disclosed separately
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020      201


                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(IV) Attendance record of Supervisors of the Company at meetings of the Board of
Supervisors and shareholders’ general meetings in 2020
                                                                                    Meetings of             Shareholders’
                                                                                   the Board of                  general
                                                                                    Supervisors                 meetings
                                                                                   Attendance/                Attendance/
                                                                                    Number of                  Number of
 Supervisors                                                                          meetings                   meetings

 Zhang Juntong                                                                                 8/8                       3/3
 Guo Dong                                                                                      8/8                       3/3
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                   8/8                       3/3
 Zhao Huan John                                                                                2/2                       0/0
 Li Yu                                                                                         2/2                       0/0
 Wang Yugui                                                                                    8/8                       3/3
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                    8/8                       3/3
 Zhang Liqing                                                                                  2/2                       0/0
 Li Jian                                                                                       7/7                       3/3
 Wang Jiazhi (resigned)                                                                        0/1                       0/0
 Wang Hang (resigned)                                                                          6/6                       3/3
 Zhang Bo (resigned)                                                                           6/6                       3/3
 Bao Jiming (resigned)                                                                         6/6                       3/3


Note:    For details of changes of Supervisors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
         and Business Network”.


VIII. Special Committees under the Board of Supervisors
(I) Nomination and Examination Committee
1. Composition of the Nomination and Examination Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the number of members of the Nomination and Examination Committee of the
seventh session of the Board of Supervisors was seven, with Wang Yugui as the chairman and Zhang
Juntong, Wang Hang, Zhang Bo, Lu Zhongnan, Bao Jiming and Zhao Fugao as members. Pursuant to the
Resolution on Members of Special Committees of the Eighth Session of the Board of Supervisors of the
Company ( 《關於公司第八屆監事會專門委員會組成成員的決議》                        ) considered and approved at the 1st meeting
of the eighth session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company on 16 October 2020, as at the end of
the Reporting Period, the number of members of the Nomination and Examination Committee of the Board
of Supervisors was seven, with Wang Yugui as the chairman and Zhang Juntong, Lu Zhongnan, Zhao Huan
John, Li Yu, Zhao Fugao and Zhang Liqing as members.
202 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The major duties of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
include: Making recommendations to the Board of Supervisors on the size and composition of the Board of
Supervisors; reviewing standards and procedures for election of Supervisors and making recommendations
to the Board of Supervisors; extensively identifying qualified candidates for Supervisors or accepting
recommendations on candidates for Supervisors by other persons as authorised under the Articles of
Association; carrying out preliminary examination on qualification and conditions of the candidates for
Supervisors nominated by shareholders and making recommendations; supervising the selection and
appointment procedures of Directors; supervising and evaluating the performance of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management during the year; studying and formulating remuneration policy, procedures and
plans of Supervisors and submitting reports to the Shareholders’ general meeting for approval after being
considered and approved by the Board of Supervisors; supervising the remuneration management system
and policy of the Company and supervising if the remuneration plan of Senior Management is efficient and
reasonable; conducting departure auditing of Senior Management when necessary; formulating training plans
and organising training activities for Supervisors; and performing other duties authorised by the Board of
Supervisors.


     In 2020, the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors convened six
meetings, reviewed 13 proposals and received two briefings of special reports. The attendance record is as
follows:

                                                                                                              Attendance/
                                                                                                               Number of
 Members                                                                                                         meetings

 Wang Yugui (chairman of the committee)                                                                                  6/6
 Zhang Juntong                                                                                                           6/6
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                             6/6
 Zhao Huan John                                                                                                          3/3
 Li Yu                                                                                                                   3/3
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                              6/6
 Zhang Liqing                                                                                                            3/3
 Wang Hang (resigned)                                                                                                    3/3
 Zhang Bo (resigned)                                                                                                     3/3
 Bao Jiming (resigned)                                                                                                   3/3


Note:    For details of changes of Supervisors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
         and Business Network”.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   203


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2. The major achievements of the Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of
Supervisors in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, based on the work plan of the Board of Supervisors, the Nomination and
Examination Committee actively performed its duties and functions conferred by the Articles of Association
and the Terms of Reference of Nomination and Examination Committee under the Board of Supervisors
(
《監事會提名與評價委員會工作細則》                 ). It carried out the performance appraisal, examined the qualifications
and requirements of the candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and External Supervisors of the eighth
session of the Board of Supervisors, studied, reviewed and approved the remuneration distribution plan for
the Supervisors and organised and arranged training programmes for Supervisors. All tasks in 2020 were
successfully completed and the functions of the committee were performed in a relatively effective way.


(1) Carrying out performance appraisal
    During the Reporting Period, the Nomination and Examination Committee completed the annual
performance appraisal for 2019. It reviewed and supervised the performance of Directors and Senior
Management through different ways on a regular and on-going basis, including attending meetings of
the Board and the Senior Management as non-voting delegates, listening to briefings of special reports,
organising special evaluations and researches and refining the performance supervision files of Directors.
It carried out supervision and appraisal of the Board of Directors and Directors, Senior Management and
its members and self-evaluation of the Board of Supervisors and Supervisors based on the supervision
information of performance during the year. It also formulated the Performance Appraisal Report on the
Board of Directors and Directors in 2019 (
                                         《2019年度董事會及董事履職評價報告》                 ), the Performance Appraisal
Report on the Board of Supervisors and Its Members in 2019 (  《2019年度監事會及其成員履職評價報告》                 ) and
the Performance Appraisal Report on the Senior Management and Its Members in 2019 (    《2019年度高級管理
層及其成員履職評價報告》             ).


(2) Examining the qualifications and requirements of the candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and
External Supervisors of the eighth session of the Board of Supervisors
    In accordance with the regulatory requirements and relevant rules and requirements on the qualifications
of Supervisors, the qualifications of the nominees of candidates for Supervisors and the nomination
procedures stipulated in the Articles of Associations, the Nomination and Examination Committee extensively
searched for qualified candidates for the Board of Supervisors, examined the qualifications and requirements
of the candidates for Shareholder Supervisors and candidates for External Supervisors of the eighth session
of the Board of Supervisors, and submitted them to the Board of Supervisors for consideration.


(3) Studying, reviewing and approving Supervisors’ remuneration distribution plan
    In accordance with the Articles of Association, the duties of the Nomination and Examination Committee
include studying and formulating remuneration policy and plans for Supervisors. During the Reporting Period,
the Nomination and Examination Committee reviewed the remuneration distribution for Supervisors in 2019
based on researches and submitted the results to the Board of Supervisors for consideration, approval and
disclosure along with the 2019 Annual Report.
204 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(4) Organising training programmes for Supervisors
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination and Examination Committee successively arranged
Supervisors to participate in training courses organised by the regulatory authorities in batches, successfully
fulfilled the training requirements of regulatory authorities on professional qualification for Supervisors and
improved the Supervisors’ capability to perform their duties.

(II) Supervisory Committee
1. Composition of the Supervisory Committee and meetings in 2020
    As on 1 January 2020, the number of members of the Supervisory Committee of the seventh session of
the Board of Supervisors was seven, with Zhang Juntong as the chairman and Wang Jiazhi, Guo Dong, Wang
Hang, Lu Zhongnan, Wang Yugui and Zhao Fugao as members. On 13 March 2020, Mr. Wang Jiazhi ceased
to serve as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and a member of the Supervisory Committee
of the Board of Supervisors of the Company due to retirement. Mr. Li Jian was by-elected as a member of
the Supervisory Committee of the Board of Supervisors. Pursuant to the Resolution on Members of Special
Committees of the Eighth Session of the Board of Supervisors of the Company (《關於公司第八屆監事會專門
委員會組成成員的決議》           ) considered and approved at the 1st meeting of the eighth session of the Board of
Supervisors of the Company on 16 October 2020 that as at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of
members of the Supervisory Committee of the Board of Supervisors was seven, with Zhang Juntong as the
chairman and Guo Dong, Lu Zhongnan, Li Yu, Wang Yugui, Zhao Fugao and Li Jian as members.


    The major duties of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors include: Formulating
proposals on the examination and supervision on the financial activities of the Company; formulating
proposals on the examination and supervision of the operation decisions, risk management and internal
control of the Company; evaluating the compliance and implementation of significant decisions of the
Company; organising visits, researches, and investigations on business units of the Company and supervising
the rectification of relevant deficiencies; carrying out specific investigations on key projects as required by
regulatory authorities and submitting investigation reports in a timely manner; and performing other duties
authorised by the Board of Supervisors.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020      205


                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 11 meetings, reviewed two proposals,
received 35 briefings of special reports, and conveyed and reported 56 documents. The attendance record is
as follows:

                                                                                                              Attendance/
                                                                                                               Number of
 Members                                                                                                         meetings

 Zhang Juntong (chairman of the committee)                                                                             11/11
 Guo Dong                                                                                                              11/11
 Lu Zhongnan                                                                                                           11/11
 Li Yu                                                                                                                   3/3
 Wang Yugui                                                                                                            11/11
 Zhao Fugao                                                                                                            11/11
 Li Jian                                                                                                               10/10
 Wang Jiazhi (resigned)                                                                                                  0/1
 Wang Hang (resigned)                                                                                                    8/8


Note:    For details of changes of Supervisors, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
         and Business Network”.


2. Major achievements of the Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors in 2020
    During the Reporting Period, based on the work plan of the Board of Supervisors, the Supervisory
Committee under the Board of Supervisors actively performed the duties and functions conferred by the
Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference of Supervisory Committee under the Board of Supervisors
(
《監事會監督委員會工作細則》                ). The Supervisory Committee carried out supervision in a prudent manner,
assisted the Board of Supervisors in completing major researches and enhanced supervision on key areas
such as national policy implementation, strategy formulation and execution, risk management, internal control
and compliance, and financial management. Through further optimising its supervision response mechanism,
the Supervisory Committee duly performed its duties.


(1) Strengthening supervision of the implementation of major policies
    The Supervisory Committee further strengthened supervision on the works of Board of Directors and
the Senior Management in implementing major national decisions and arrangements in connection with
NSOEs, small and micro enterprises, inclusive finance, stabilising enterprises and ensuring employment, as
well as various regulatory requirements. Firstly, the committee studied and conveyed the spirit of the major
policies of the Party Central Committee, the State Council and the regulatory authorities, and prioritised the
supervision of the implementation of policies relevant to NSOEs and small and micro enterprises. Secondly,
the committee listened to briefings of special reports and rectification reports on various campaigns,
including the inspection on the implementation of major policies relevant to NSOEs, small and micro
enterprises, annual regulatory briefing, on-site inspection on the effectiveness of risk management and
206 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



internal control, inspection on shadow banking and cross-financial business, credit inspection by the PBOC,
special self-inspection and examination on authenticity of asset quality by the PBOC, and on-site examination
on international balance of payments by State Administration of Foreign Exchange (the “SAFE”). It regularly
summarised and analysed rectifications and regulatory administrative penalties after various regulatory
inspections. For the issues identified in the regulatory inspections, the committee continued to track the
progress and effect of rectifications to ensure that the rectifications were fully implemented. Thirdly, the
committee put forward supervision opinions on the improving financial services during the pandemic and
fulfilling rectification requirements of regulators after inspections, compiled supervisory notices, tracked
and supervised the rectification of issues, and facilitated the Company to strictly implement major national
financial policies and regulatory requirements. Fourthly, the committee received briefings of special reports
on the progress of reform of the Company and implementation of fintech strategy, and continued to
supervise the deployment and implementation of related strategic plans.


(2) Strengthening financial monitoring
     The Supervisory Committee continued to strengthen the supervision and inspection of key financial
activities and key accounting and auditing items of the Company as well as the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of regular reports based on regulatory requirements and information disclosure requirements.
Through receiving internal and external auditing reports regularly, attending relevant Board meetings as
non-voting delegates and reviewing regular reports, the committee strengthened the supervision of the
truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial report of the Company. The committee paid close
attention to the changes in major operational data and indicators, and conducted a comparative analysis
between the Bank’s major financial data and operations of other banks, and generated two reports on the
analysis of operations of other banks and the report on the Bank’s operating indicators monitoring. It made
comparative analysis on profitability, growth rate, asset quality, regulatory indicators, development and
efficiency, comprehensively examined the Company’s achievements and shortcomings in business and
development, and provided necessary recommendations to the Board and senior management.


(3) Strengthening supervision of risk management
    In accordance with the regulatory requirements and based on the actual situation of the Company,
the committee focused on the supervision of overall risk management, risks in key areas and major risk
events. Firstly, it received work reports on overall risk, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk,
reputation risk, interest rate risk of banking books, risk limit management and made various management
recommendations. Secondly, it provided supervisory opinions on credit risk, market risk and liquidity risk,
as well as on key business risks in relation to internet finance, collateral management, off-balance sheet
business and agency sales. 25 supervisory notices on risk management were issued and follow-up measures
and implementation were monitored to ensure effective prevention of risks.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   207


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(4) Improving supervision of internal control and compliance
    The Supervisory Committee put great efforts in supervising internal control and compliance management
of the Company in accordance with the national financial policies and regulatory requirements. Firstly, it
received briefings on internal control and compliance, compliance of credit reporting, anti-money laundering,
case prevention, consumer rights protection, behaviour management of employees and other works and
made various management recommendations. Secondly, it received briefings on work report on audit,
major audit findings and audit work plans, received special briefings on audit items, including consolidated
statements of the Group, professional operation of problem assets, credit distribution, anti-money laundering
and innovative business management, etc. It paid attention to key issues, and monitored follow-up measures
and implementation. Thirdly, it provided supervisory opinions on compliance performance, internal control and
compliance, anti-money laundering, behaviour management of employees, consumer rights protection and
employee rights and interests. 19 supervisory notices on internal control and compliance were issued, which
effectively improved internal control management of the Company.


(5) Further enhancing supervision effectiveness
     The Supervisory Committee strengthened the application and transformation of supervision results. It
established and improved the supervision mechanism, so as to facilitate rectification of various issues, and
achieved closed-loop supervision. The committee tracked and supervised key supervision tasks from time
to time, and evaluated the progress, measures and effectiveness of rectifications. It issued 48 supervisory
notices and compiled nine supervision summaries and supervised 42 tasks in the year, which transformed
supervisory results into decision-making for operation and management, and fully perform its supervisory
function. At the meetings, the committee timely reported and conveyed contents of various important
documents related to major national policies, the latest regulatory rules and regulations and reports on
the Company’s key businesses and internal and external audit, which further enhanced the supervision
effectiveness.

IX. Decision-Making System of the Company
    The highest authority of the Company is the shareholders’ general meeting, which manages and
supervises the operation of the Company through the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors.
The President is appointed by the Board of Directors and is fully responsible for the daily operation and
management of the Company. The Company adopts a single-level legal person system. Branches are all
non-independent accounting entities, operating under the authorisation of the Head Office and reporting to
the Head Office.


    The Company has no controlling shareholder and is completely independent from its major shareholders
in terms of business, personnel, assets, organisations and finance. The Company maintains independence
and integrity in managing its own businesses and operation, and its Board, the Board of Supervisors and
internal departments also operate independently.
208 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



X. Performance Evaluation and Incentive Mechanism for Directors,
Supervisors and the Senior Management
    The remuneration policy for the Senior Management of the Company is implemented to facilitate
the accomplishment of development strategies and business objectives, and to reflect the policies and
guidelines for human resources management of the Company. The Company advocated value creation so
as to encourage the Senior Management to lead Minsheng Bank to successfully complete the reform and
transformation and achieve steady development. The Company formulated a remuneration policy for the
Senior Management with a reasonable structure and market competitiveness. It determined remuneration
of the Senior Management according to their duties, capabilities and contributions to operating results, and
established an incentive and restraint mechanism for the Senior Management.


    The Board of the Company carried out appraisal on the Senior Management every year and the results
of their annual appraisal is linked to the performance-based remuneration of the Senior Management. In
accordance with the requirements of the regulatory guidelines, the Company has established a deferred
payment mechanism for the performance-based remuneration of the Senior Management, according to
which, a certain percentage of risk funds would be accrued from their performance-based remuneration every
year.


    To objectively reflect the labour, risks and responsibilities undertaken by the Directors and Supervisors
of the Company and effectively encourage the Directors and Supervisors to actively participate in
decision-making and management, the Company paid remuneration to all Directors and Supervisors in
accordance with the Rules for Remuneration of Directors and Supervisors of China Minsheng Banking Corp.,
Ltd. (
     《中國民生銀行股份有限公司董事、監事薪酬制度》                          ). The remuneration of the Directors comprises four
parts, including annual fee, allowances for special committees, reimbursement for attending meetings and
reimbursement for researches and investigations. The remuneration of the Supervisors comprises three
parts, including annual fee, allowances for special committees and reimbursement for attending meetings.


    In accordance with regulatory requirements, the Provisional Measures on Performance Supervision and
Appraisal of the Board and Directors by Supervisory Board of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. ( 《中國民生
銀行股份有限公司監事會對董事會及董事履職監督評價試行辦法》                                 ), and the Provisional Measures on Performance
Appraisal of Supervisors of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. ( 《中國民生銀行股份有限公司監事履職評價試行
辦法》   ), the Board of Supervisors performed objective evaluations on the performance of the Board, Directors
and Supervisors. Through reviewing daily performance records, the Board of Supervisors supervised the
legality and compliance of meeting contents, discussion mechanism and procedures, and fully understood
the opinions and suggestions of Directors and Supervisors. Through a variety of ways such as receiving
briefings of reports, conducting investigations, researches and inspections, issuing supervisory notices and
carrying out enquiries and interviews, it focused on the supervision of risk management, internal control and
compliance, financial management, strategic planning, etc., and understood the performance of Directors
and Supervisors in related fields. Through filling in performance evaluation questionnaires and performance
status forms, the Board of Supervisors organised self-evaluation and cross-evaluation to assess the annual
performance of Directors and Supervisors. In accordance with regulatory requirements and the Provisional
Measures on Performance Supervision and Appraisal of the Senior Management by Supervisory Board of
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (     《中國民生銀行股份有限公司監事會對高級管理層及其成員履職監督評價
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   209


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



試行辦法》      ), the Board of Supervisors performed an objective evaluation on the performance of the Senior
Management and its members. Through convening meetings to consider financial reports, internal control
evaluation reports, risk management reports, etc., and receiving briefings of special reports on credit risk,
liquidity risk, reputation risk, capital management, stress testing, case prevention and control, anti-money
laundering and remuneration appraisal policies, etc., the Board of Supervisors understood the Senior
Management’s business philosophy, operating results, risk management, internal control and compliance, etc.
Through real-time tracking and supervision of the rectifications following special inspections by regulatory
authorities, the Board of Supervisors understood the implementation of the regulatory opinions by the Senior
Management and the progress and effectiveness of the rectifications. Through reviewing the annual work
reports of the Senior Management and evaluating and grading its leadership, the Board of Supervisors gained
a comprehensive understanding of their fulfillment of duty of loyalty and duty of diligence. The objective
and fair comprehensive evaluation conducted by the Board of Supervisors on the performance of Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management based on information obtained through the above-mentioned ways and
channels and in accordance with regulatory requirements finally formed the annual performance evaluations,
which were reported to the shareholders’ general meeting and regulatory authorities.

XI. Information Disclosure and Investor Relations
(I) Information disclosure
    The Company disclosed its information in strict compliance with the regulations of the securities
regulatory authorities, and published all sorts of regular reports and extraordinary announcements in
accordance with laws to ensure the timeliness, accuracy, truthfulness and integrity of its information
disclosure and to ensure equal access to information for all shareholders. During the Reporting Period, the
Company published 4 regular reports and 105 extraordinary announcements on the SSE. The Company also
published 127 information disclosure documents in Chinese and English, including 85 overseas regulatory
announcements on the SEHK. In compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has issued the
Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

    During the Reporting Period, the Company received wide market recognition for its information
disclosure. The Company was awarded as the Gold Winner（金獎）, Top 50 Chinese Annual Reports（最佳 50
強中文年報）and Technology Achievement Award（技術成就獎）in the International ARC Awards（國際年報大賽）
(ARC) in 2019 for two consecutive years.

(II) Investor relations
    In respect of investor relations management, the Company adhered to its strategic targets and put
great emphasis on its market positioning. The Company regularly held results presentations and actively
participated in large-scale investment strategy seminars, so as to demonstrate the latest results and potential
of the Company to investors.


    The website of the Company, investor hotlines and investment strategy conference with securities
companies served as effective and smooth communication channels between the Company and investors.
During the Reporting Period, the Company organised one results announcement conference, and on-site
investor communication meetings for the 2019 annual general meeting and the second extraordinary general
210 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



meeting in 2020. The Company participated in the “2020 Meeting Day for Investors of Listed Companies
in Beijing (2020年北京轄區上市公司投資者集體接待日)”, an event which was jointly organised by The Listed
Companies Association of Beijing and SSE Infonet Co., Ltd. through online interaction. With proactive efforts
to establish communication with domestic and overseas major institutional investors, the Company received
over one hundred visitors from more than 30 investment and research institutions at home and abroad,
including CICC, Shenwan Hongyuan Securities, and CITIC Securities, during the year and actively participated
in the annual strategy seminars of renowned investment banks such as Citibank, Bank of America Merrill
Lynch, GF Securities, and CITIC Securities. Through these communication channels, the Company actively
announced its operating results, development strategies and direction of reform and transformation and
achieved great recognition from domestic and overseas institutions.


    To safeguard the rights and interests of minority shareholders, the Company received 145 calls from
investors and replied to 143 key questions through the E-Interaction platform of SSE (上交所E互動平臺), and
answered investors’ questions while keeping close contact with investors in the capital market.


XII. Amendments to Articles of Association in 2020
    Due to change in the total share capital of the Company, it was considered and approved at the
shareholders’ general meeting of the Company to change registered capital of the Company, and amend the
corresponding provisions of the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. accordingly.
The Resolution on Amending Certain Provisions of the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking
Corp., Ltd. was considered and approved at the annual general meeting for 2019 of the Company on 29 June
2020. For details of the amendments, please refer to the notice of the Shareholders’ general meeting, and
the meeting documents and circulars of the meeting posted on the website of the Company, the website
of the SSE (dated 13 May 2020 and 10 June 2020) and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (dated 12 May
2020 and 9 June 2020). As at the date of this report, the amended Articles of Association is still subject to
approval by the CBIRC.


      The Company intended to amend the corresponding provisions in the Articles of Association in
accordance with the Official Reply of the State Council on Adjusting the Application of Provisions to Matters
Including the Notice Period for Convention of Shareholders’ Meetings by Overseas Listed Companies (Guo
Han [2019] No. 97) (  《關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東大會通知期限等事項規定的批覆》                                    ) (國函[2019]97號)
and the Notice of the Former China Banking Regulatory Commission on Strengthening the Management of
Equity Pledge of Commercial Banks (Yin Jian Fa [2013] No. 43) (   《中國銀監會關於加強商業銀行股權質押管理
的通知)》     ) (銀監發[2013]43號), when taking into account the actual situation of the Company. The Resolution
on Amending Certain Provisions of the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. was
considered and approved at the first extraordinary general meeting for 2021 of the Company on 22 January
2021. For details of the amendments, please refer to the notice of the general meeting and the meeting
documents and circular of the meeting respectively posted on the website of the Company, the website of
the SSE (dated 8 December 2020 and 31 December 2020) and the HKEXnews website of the SEHK (dated 7
December 2020 and 30 December 2020). As at the date of this report, the amended Articles of Association is
still subject to approval by the CBIRC.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   211


                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



XIII. Continuous Professional Development Training of Directors
    During the Reporting Period, every Director of the Company abided by their obligations and duties as
Directors of the Company and kept abreast of the business operation and development of the Company. The
Company encouraged its Directors to take part in various continuous professional development programmes
and the Directors have improved and enhanced their knowledge and expertise through the study of relevant
publications. All Directors have participated in specific training and seminars organised by the Company to
study the new Securities Law and the Three-Year Action Plan for Improving Corporate Governance of the
Banking and Insurance Sectors (2020-2022) (   《健全銀行業保險業公司治理三年行動方案(2020-2022年)》                      ) issued
by the CBIRC, studied and reviewed various special reports in relation to strategies and risks, and listened
to and discussed major matters in relation to the reform of the Company to fully understand the reform
and operation management of the Company. The Directors, Gao Yingxin, Zhang Hongwei, Lu Zhiqiang,
Zheng Wanchun, Shi Yuzhu, Wu Di, Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie and Qu Xinjiu, have participated in the
directorship training programmes organised by regulatory institutions.

XIV. Training of Company Secretary
    During the financial year ended 31 December 2020, Bai Dan and Wong Wai Yee, Ella, the Joint Company
Secretaries, have both undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training programmes
organised by the SSE, the SEHK and other professional institutions.


XV. Contact with Company Secretary
    During the Reporting Period, Ms. Wong Wai Yee, Ella of Tricor Services Limited, an external service
provider, has been engaged by the Company as its Joint Company Secretary. Mr. Wang Honggang, the
Representative of Securities Affairs of the Company, is the primary contact person of the Company.


XVI. Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code Set Out in Appendix
14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
    During the Reporting Period, the Company has fully complied with the code provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and has complied with most of the
recommended best practices contained therein.

XVII. Internal Control
    The Company has set up a comprehensive corporate governance structure with clear division of
responsibilities among the Board, the Board of Supervisors and the management, and maintained an
effective internal control management system. In compliance the Law on Commercial Banks of the PRC (   《中
華人民共和國商業銀行法》               ), Guidelines for Internal Control of Commercial Banks (
                                                                                  《商業銀行內部控制指引》            ),
the Basic Standard for Corporate Internal Control (   《企業內部控制基本規範》         ) and other laws and regulations
and regulatory rules. The Company has established, improved and effectively implemented comprehensive
internal control policies and has evaluated their effectiveness.
212 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



    The Board has entrusted the audit department of the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of internal
control. The audit department conducts preliminary identification of internal control deficiencies in accordance
with the deficiency identification standards, and gives rectification requirements to the evaluated departments
and follows up rectifications. In respect of major deficiencies in internal control, the audit department
communicates and confirms with the Senior Management of the Company, and suggests improvement
measures. For major issues identified in the auditing and the decisions of the Senior Management on
whether rectification measures should be taken, the audit department reports to the Audit Committee of
the Board which would make the final decision on major control deficiencies and hold the relevant units or
persons responsible.


    The Board has entrusted the audit department of the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of the
internal control of the Company as at 31 December 2020, (the benchmark date of self-evaluation report
on internal control). In accordance with the annual internal audit plan, the audit department performed
supervision and examination on the internal control of the Company through various forms including
comprehensive audits, special audits, economic accountability audits and subsequent audits. During the
Reporting Period, the audit department organised and carried out a total of 41 special audits, 19 audits on
comprehensive internal control of business units and 198 economic accountability audits. 18 audit reminders
were issued. Based on both daily and specialised supervision of internal control, the audit department issued
the Self-Evaluation Report of Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank for 2020 (    《中國民生銀行2020年度內部
控制評價報告》       ), according to which, no material deficiencies were found in the internal control on financial
and non-financial reports. For details of the Self-Evaluation Report of Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank
for 2020, please visit the Company’s website and the website of the SSE.


    PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP engaged by the Company has conducted review and issued the
Auditor’s Report on Internal Control of China Minsheng Bank for 2020 ( 《中國民生銀行2020年度內部控制審計報
告》 ) which confirmed that the Company maintained effective internal control of financial report in all material
aspects as at 31 December 2020 in accordance with the Basic Standard for Corporate Internal Control (     《企
業內部控制基本規範》           ) and the relevant regulations. For details of the Auditor’s Report on Internal Control of
China Minsheng Bank for 2020, please visit the Company’s website and the website of the SSE.


XVIII. Risk Management
    Based on the regulatory rules and risk performance requirements, by closely focusing on the Company’s
development strategy, the Board of the Company further consolidated the system and mechanism of risk
management, and made solid progress in various risk management tasks, and promoted the transformation
and improvement of risk management of the Bank. These initiatives further improved the effectiveness and
standardisation of the overall risk management.


    Firstly, the Board strengthened the goal-oriented risk guidance. In 2020, in order to proactively respond
to the challenges of various risks under the new situation, and to ensure and promote business development
and reform and transformation, the Board formulated and issued the Guiding Opinions on Risk Management
of the Board of Directors of China Minsheng Bank for 2020 at the beginning of the year in accordance with
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   213


                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



the development strategy and risk appetite of the Company, taking into account with the risk management
status of the Company and regulatory laws and regulations. The Guiding Opinions took the core concept of
risk operation as the guiding ideology, and clarified the major work objectives and major control indicators
of risk management for the Bank in 2020. It put forward the major management tasks and key governance
areas of different types of risks, and clarified the specific requirements for implementation and supervision,
and set up ten major goals for risk management in terms of advancing the establishment of risk culture,
enhancing risk control empowerment to strategic business, clarifying the responsibilities of the “Three Lines
of Defense”, strengthening the full coverage of risk management, and optimising the professional operation
of troubled assets in order to further optimise and consolidate the mechanism of overall risk management of
the Company.


     Secondly, the Board strengthened the establishment of risk performance system. In order to enhance the
duty performance in respect of risk management and compliance and regulate the risk management process,
the Board formulated the Guidelines on Risk Management Performance of the Board of China Minsheng
Bank, which mainly included the contents and requirements of risk management performance, operation
procedures and inspection evaluation, etc. to systematically and comprehensively summarise and reflect the
performance requirements for risk management performance of the Board, and regulate and optimise the
risk management mechanism and operation process of the board. It aimed to give full play to the leading
and core role of the Board in risk management, and fundamentally enhanced the initial driving force of risk
management. These measures played an important role in improving the risk governance of the Company,
safeguarding its strategic transformation and promoting its business development.


     Thirdly, the Board strengthened the effectiveness of the supervision on risk management. The Board paid
close attention to key aspects such as the NSOE strategy-related risks, the comprehensive risk management
and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic through risk assessment. Continued emphasis was also placed
on the implementation of the guiding opinions on risk management of the Board and the regulatory
requirements. Key points were focused and major tasks were highlighted to improve relevance of risk
management duties of the Board. A closed-loop of risk management of the Board was formed by integrating
risk assessment with normalised risk management measures such as reporting of major risk information and
review of major risk systems, which further strengthened the duty and function of the Board in supervising
and inspecting risk management and enhanced the effectiveness of risk governance of the Board.
214 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS




    Report of
    the Board of
    Directors
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   215


                   REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

I. Performance of Principal Business, Financial Results and Business
Development
    For details of the principal business, key indicators and analysis of financial results and business
development of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 2 Summary of Accounting Data and Financial
Indicators” and “Chapter 3 Discussion and Analysis on Business Operation” in this report.


II. Environmental Policy and Performance of the Company
    The Company has published the “2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Report” in accordance
with Rule 13.91 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting
Guide contained in Appendix 27 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Please refer to the website of the SSE, the
HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company.


III. Compliance of Relevant Laws and Regulations
    The Board is of the view that during the Reporting Period, the Company legally operated its business,
and its decision-making procedure was in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of
Association. The Company is not aware of any breach of laws and regulations and the Articles of Association
of the Company or any act which would prejudice the interests of the Company and its shareholders by any
existing Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management when performing their duties during the Reporting
Period.


IV. Subsequent Events
   Save as disclosed above, from the end of the financial year to the date of this report, the Company had
no material events.


V. Profit and Dividend Distribution
(I) Dividend Distribution for 2019
   The Company distributed dividends to all shareholders according to the Profit Distribution Plan for
2019, which was considered and passed at the 20th meeting of the seventh session of the Board and the
2019 annual general meeting. Based on the total share capital of the Company as at the record dates, the
Company distributed a cash dividend for 2019 of RMB3.70 (tax inclusive) to all shareholders whose names
appeared on the registers as at the record dates for every 10 shares being held. The total cash dividend
amounted to RMB16,199 million. The cash dividend was denominated and declared in RMB and was paid in
RMB to holders of A shares and in Hong Kong dollar to holders of H shares.


    The Company has distributed the cash dividend to holders of A shares, investors of Northbound Trading,
holders of H shares and investors of Southbound Trading in July 2020 in accordance with relevant provisions.
The implementation of the profit distribution plan was thus completed. For details, please refer to the
announcement of the Company dated 6 July 2020 published on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the
announcements dated 7 July 2020 published on the website of the SSE, respectively.
216 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS



(II) Annual Profit Distribution Plan for 2020
     According to the financial statements of the Company for 2020, net profit of the Company was
RMB33,174 million. Dividend of perpetual bonds and domestic and offshore preference shares of RMB3,337
million was paid. 10% of the net profit of the Company for 2020, being RMB3,317 million, was allocated to
the statutory surplus reserve. The general provision for risks of RMB4,805 million was made on the rate of
1.5% of the balance of the risky assets as at the end of 2020.


    According to the Articles of Association of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. in respect of profit
distribution, having considered various factors including the capital adequacy ratio required by the regulatory
authorities and the sustainable business development of the Company, the Company proposed to distribute
a cash dividend of RMB2.13 (tax inclusive) to holders of A shares and H shares whose names appear on
the registers as at the record dates for every 10 Shares being held. Based on the number of shares of the
Company in issue, being 43,782 million shares, as at the end of 2020, the total cash dividend would be
approximately RMB9,326 million.


    The actual amount of total cash dividend to be paid will be subject to the total number of shares recorded
on the register as at the record dates. The cash dividend will be denominated and declared in RMB, and will
be paid in RMB to holders of A shares and in Hong Kong dollar to holders of H shares. The actual amount of
dividend to be paid in Hong Kong dollar shall be calculated based on the benchmark exchange rate of RMB
against Hong Kong dollar as quoted by the PBOC on the date of the general meeting.


    The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company are of the view that the profit distribution plan
for 2020 of the Company is in line with the actual condition of the Company, in the interests of the Company
and its shareholders and in compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association,
and is favourable to the sustainable, stable and sound development of the Company.


    For details of taxes in relation to dividend and matters in relation to tax exemption, please refer to the
relevant announcement on dividends distribution plan published by the Bank.

VI. Dividend Distribution of Ordinary Shares during the Past Three Years
                                                                            2020                    2019                    2018

 Dividend to be paid for every 10 shares
   (tax inclusive, RMB)                                                      2.13                    3.70                    3.45
 Number of shares to be transferred into
  share capital for every 10 shares (shares)                                   ─                       ─                       ─
 Cash dividends (tax inclusive, RMB million)                               9,326                  16,199                  15,105
 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
  of the Bank (RMB million)                                               30,972                  53,261                  49,777
 Cash dividend payout ratio (%)                                            30.11                   30.42                   30.35


Note:   The profit distribution plan for 2020 is subject to the consideration and approval at the 2020 annual general meeting before
        implementation.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   217


                                                  REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS



VII. Formulation and Implementation of Dividend Distribution Policy for
Ordinary Shares
    According to Article 298 of the Articles of Association, the distribution of profits of the Company
emphasises reasonable investment returns to investors and shall be sustainable and stable. The Company
shall distribute dividends in profit-making years. The Company shall take full account of the opinions of the
independent directors, external supervisors and public investors in deliberating on its dividend distribution
policy. The Company shall fully consider the opinions and requests of the minority shareholders before the
profit distribution policy is considered at the shareholders’ general meeting. To the extent that the normal
working capital requirement is fulfilled, the Company shall distribute dividends primarily in cash.


    The profit distributed to ordinary shareholders in the form of cash dividend for each year shall not be less
than 10% of the distributable profit attributable to holders of ordinary shares of the Company of the year. The
Company may distribute interim cash dividend.


    If the Company generated profits in the previous accounting year but the Board did not make any cash
profit distribution proposal after the end of the previous accounting year, the reasons thereof and the use of
proceeds retained by the Company not used for distribution shall be explained in detail in its periodic reports
and the Independent Non-Executive Directors shall give an independent opinion in such regard. Online voting
shall be made available, when such proposal is voted at a shareholders’ general meeting.


    In the event that adjustments are required to be made to the Company’s profit distribution policy due
to the needs of operation and long-term development of the Company, the profit distribution policy after
adjustment shall not violate the relevant requirements of regulatory authorities of the places where the
Company is listed. Any proposal regarding adjustments to the profit distribution policy shall be subject to the
prior review of the Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Board of Supervisors and due consideration
of the opinions of minority shareholders and, after consideration by the Board, be proposed to the
shareholders’ general meeting of the Company for approval. Any proposal regarding the adjustments to the
Company’s cash dividend policy shall be approved by more than two-thirds of the votes of the shareholders
attending the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company. Online voting shall be made available when
such proposal is voted at a shareholders’ general meeting. The voting results of the minority investors shall
be disclosed separately.


    During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution policy of the Company complied with the Articles
of Association and procedures of consideration. The policy, in the opinion of independent directors, fully
protected the legal interests of minority investors with clearly specified criteria and proportion of profit
distribution.
218 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS



VIII. Substantial Shareholders
   For details of substantial shareholders of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 4 Changes in Share
Capital and Information on Shareholders” in this report.


IX. Share Capital and Issuance of Shares and Bonds
    For details of share capital and issuance of shares and bonds of the Company as at 31 December 2020,
please refer to “Chapter 4 Changes in Share Capital and Information on Shareholders” in this report.


X. Auditing Opinions Issued by the Accounting Firm
    The 2020 annual financial statements of the Company had been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and the standard unqualified auditors’ report had
been issued accordingly.


XI. Pre-Emptive Rights
    Pre-Emptive rights are not prescribed in the Articles of Association and the Company Law of the PRC,
and the Company is not required by the above provisions to issue new shares to the current shareholders
based on the holding proportion of the shareholders. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the
Company may increase its capital by public offering of ordinary shares, issuance of ordinary shares to its
existing shareholders, distribution of new ordinary shares to its existing shareholders, private placing of
ordinary shares, conversion of preference shares to ordinary shares, and any other methods permitted by the
applicable laws and administrative regulations. There is no compulsory rule in relation to pre-emptive rights in
the Articles of Association.


XII. Charity and Other Donations
  As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total amount of charitable donations of the Group was
RMB178 million.

XIII. Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
    For details of the name list, profiles, contract arrangements and remunerations of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management of the Company, please refer to “Chapter 5 Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management, Employees and Business Network” in this report. As at the date of the publication of this
Annual Report, the directorship qualifications of Mr. Weng Zhenjie and Mr. Zhao Peng are subject to the
approval of the regulatory authorities of the banking industry in China.


    Details of retirement benefits provided by the Company to its employees during the Reporting Period are
set out in Note 5.31 to the Financial Statements.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    219


                                                   REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS



XIV. Contracts of Management and Administrative Management
    During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any administrative management contract
relating to overall businesses or major businesses of the Company.


XV. Indemnity and Insurance of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management
   During the Reporting Period, the Company has maintained effective liability insurance for the Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management in respect of potential legal proceedings arising from the business
operation of the Company.


XVI. Customer Relationship
    The Group considers that it is important to maintain good relationship with its customers and strives to
provide more efficient and convenient services to customers so as to maximise the value and return. In 2020,
there were no significant or material disputes between the Group and its customers.


XVII. Consumer Rights Protection
    During the Reporting Period, the Company fully complied with regulatory requirements to protect
the rights and interests of consumers. By persisting on its “customer-centric” philosophy, the Company
continued to focus on the general principle of “improving understanding, enhancing systems and
mechanisms, strengthening process management and control, optimising complaints handling, emphasising
internal training and external publicity, and accelerating team building”, to continuously improve the refined
management and the effectiveness of consumer rights protection. Firstly, in respect of policy making, the
Company revised and issued the Administrative Measures on Consumer Rights Protection of China Minsheng
Bank (《中國民生銀行消費者權益保護管理辦法》                       ), and formulated the Administrative Measures on Assessment
and Evaluation of Consumer Rights Protection of Departments of Head Office (      《總行部室消費者權益保護考核
評價管理辦法》         ), the Administrative Measures on Handling Consumer Complaints (      《消費投訴處理管理辦法》              ),
Contingency Plan for Major Complaints (     《重大投訴應急預案》           ) and other special policies, forming a strong
guidance for consumer rights protection. Secondly, in respect of systems and mechanisms, the Company
optimised the organisation and management system of consumer rights protection by transferring the duty
of consumer rights protection to the retail business line, to further strengthen the endogenous motivation of
proactively fulfilling consumer rights protection obligations in product design and services and fully protecting
the eight major rights and interests of financial consumers. The Company also enhanced the coordination and
reporting mechanism of consumer rights protection by publishing a bank-wide consumer rights protection
work plan for 2020, convening meetings of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Head office
on a quarterly basis, and regularly reporting the phased results and work plan for the next stage to the
Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors. The Company continued to improve the assessment
and the accountability mechanism on consumer rights protection to ensure the achievement of consumer
rights protection objectives. Thirdly, in respect of full-process management and control of products and
services, the Company continued to implement regulatory requirements, and supervised the departments
in charge of products and customer groups to actively fulfill requirements in relation to consumer rights
220 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS



protection, including review of consumer rights protection at early stage, reduction of fees and surcharges,
information disclosure, marketing and promotion, and satisfaction survey, in order to improve customer
service quality. Fourthly, in respect of complaints management, the Company handled 103,996 customer
complaints during the year (full data, including valid and invalid complaints). From the perspective of business
distribution, credit card business received a higher proportion of complaints, while from the perspective of
geographical distribution, Eastern, Northern and Southern China were sitting on a larger proportion. The Bank
optimised the complaint handling process, improved the contingency management of major complaints,
and strengthened the problem tracing and rectification at the origin of frequently occurring complaints and
key complaints to improve the quality, efficiency and management of complaint handling and protected the
rights and interests of consumers. Fifthly, in respect of financial knowledge sharing and learning activities,
the Company organised four bank-wide campaigns, such as “15 March” Promotion Week, “Protect Your
Wealth (守住錢袋子)”, “Financial Knowledge Promotion Tour (金融知識萬里行)” and “Financial Knowledge
Promotion Month” (金融知識普及月). In response to the pandemic prevention and control in the year, the
Company integrated various “zero-contact” promotion channels to create a series of “consumer rights
protection IP”, such as “Teacher Wei’s Video Class on Consumer Rights Protection” (魏老師說消保), cartoon
videos of “Aunty Panda’s Adventures” (熊嬢嬢歷險記) and “Xiaosheng’s Classroom” (小生課堂), which had
won recognition of financial consumers and the regulatory authorities. The Company was accredited as the
Outstanding Organiser in the “15 March” events and in the 2020 Joint Education and Promotion Activities.
In the future, the Bank will continue to follow the “customer-centric” consumer rights protection concept
and improve systems and mechanisms, enhance quality and efficiency of complaint handling, strengthen
whole-process management and control of consumer rights protection and continuously cultivate consumer
rights protection culture, so as to effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.


                                                                                         By Order of the Board
                                                                                                  GAO Yingxin
                                                                                                     Chairman
                                                                                               30 March 2021
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    221


             REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS

I. Meetings of the Board of Supervisors and Special Committees
    In 2020, a total of 25 meetings, including eight meetings of the Board of Supervisors, six meetings of
the Nomination and Examination Committee and 11 meetings of the Supervisory Committee, were convened
by the Board of Supervisors. A total of 37 proposals were considered, 45 reports were reviewed, and 37
briefings of special reports were received.


II. Performance of the Board of Supervisors
    During the Reporting Period, the Board of Supervisors strictly complied with the Three-year Action Plan
for Improving Corporate Governance of the Banking and Insurance Sectors (    《健全銀行業保險業公司治理三
年行動方案》       ) by focusing on key areas, innovating supervision methods, improving supervisory mechanism,
enhancing supervision effectiveness and implementing the performance evaluation of the Board and Senior
Management, so as to improve corporate governance. 48 supervisory notices, nine summaries of supervision
work and two comparative analysis and indicator supervision reports on the operation of other banks and
financial institutions were published in the year.


(I) Adhering to Party building and promoting the organic integration of Party leadership and
corporate governance
    Firstly, the Board of Supervisors incorporated its material events into the decision-making system on
“Three-Important and One-Large” (三重一大), namely important decisions, appointments and removals
of important personnel, arrangements for important projects and use of large-amount funds, taking the
study and discussion of the Party committee of the Company as the first step, in order to give better play
to the role of the Party committee in setting the direction and managing the overall situation and to raise
the political stance of supervision work. Secondly, in the re-election of the eighth session of the Board of
Supervisors, the Board of Supervisors gave full play to the political core and political leading role of the Party
organisation to ensure the effective implementation of decisions and deployments of the Party committees
of the CBIRC and the Head Office. Thirdly, it insisted on the organic integration of supervision within the
Party and the law-based and independent supervision of the Board of Supervisors. Under the concept of
coordinated supervision, the Board of Supervisors issued the supervisory opinions after full communication
with the disciplinary and auditing departments in their supervision of credit granting, management of NPLs,
write-off of bad loan and internal control and compliance, thus forming a joint supervision with enhanced
supervision efficiency.


(II) Strengthening compliant performance and successfully completing the re-election of the
Board of Supervisors
    By strictly implementing the instructions of the Party committee of the CBIRC and the requirements of
the Party committee of the Head Office, the Board of Supervisors established a standardised process for
the re-election of the Board of Supervisors in accordance with the rules and requirements of the regulatory
authorities and the Articles of Association on the qualifications of Supervisors and nominators of Supervisor
candidates, as well as the nomination procedures, etc. The re-election was organised and completed in
a compliant and efficient manner with careful arrangements and coordination with all parties. Apart from
successfully completing the re-election, the Board of Supervisors established a compliance guarantee
system, built a knowledge pool of compliance performance requirements, sorted out the list of rights
and responsibilities, improved the rules of procedures, and optimised the work process, so as to conduct
supervision in accordance with laws and regulations and consistently improve the corporate governance and
operating mechanism.
222 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS



(III) Improving means and methods to promote innovative development of works of the
Board of Supervisors
    Firstly, the Board of Supervisors actively explored ways and means to shift the supervision function
forward. It focused on the Bank’s problem assets, organised Supervisors to attend relevant committee
meetings of the Board of Directors and provided objective and independent supervisory opinions on major
issues, such as accountability for writing-off NPLs, and reported them to the Board. The Board of Supervisors
urged the Bank to strengthen policy making, optimise business procedures, improve accountability
mechanism and establish a scientific outlook on performance and development, so as to enhance the Bank’s
awareness and capability to operate in compliance with laws and regulations, and effectively strengthen
risk prevention in key areas. By embedding supervision into key aspects of the rule of procedures of the
Board of Directors, the effectiveness of supervision was enhanced. Secondly, the Board of Supervisors
has further refined supervision mechanism and strengthened the verification and application of supervision
results to achieve closed-loop supervision. Nine supervisory summaries were issued and 42 cases were
supervised in 2020. By assigning dedicated persons for specific cases, the Board of Supervisors required the
Board of Directors and the Senior Management to define responsibilities, time table, progress schedule and
standards for rectifying of related issues, in order to further specify rectification responsibilities and achieve
effective supervision on key issues. Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors continued to promote supervision on
the development of a digital management system and information platform to further improve the analysis,
reporting and feedback mechanisms of supervision information and internal and external data. The Board of
Supervisors also timely conveyed important laws and regulations, various regulatory notifications, inspection
opinions, emergency reports, internal and external audit reports, and other documents. By embedding
electronic checklist for the compliance performance and the knowledge pool of compliance performance of
the Board of Supervisors into the management system, the Board of Supervisors has accurately complied
with their duty requirements, and further institutionalised and standardised the supervisory function.

(IV) Insisting on problem-oriented principle and strengthening supervision in key areas
     Supervision of strategy. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors conveyed and studied the spirit of major
policies of the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the regulatory authorities, and incorporated
the supervision on implementation of the policies regarding “stability on the six fronts” and “security in the
six areas” (六穩六保), NSOEs, and small and micro enterprises into the annual work plan. By reviewing the
annual work summary of inclusive finance, the reports on the development of small and micro finance and
inclusive finance in the first half of 2020, and receiving briefings of special audits on credit funds distribution,
the Board of Supervisors established a comprehensive and multi-dimension supervision mechanism. The
Board of Supervisors also issued supervisory notices, requiring the Bank to strengthen financial services,
support enterprises to resume work and production, and contribute to the economic development during
the pandemic. It also instructed the Bank to strengthen credit support for small and micro enterprises and
non-state-owned enterprises while implementing national industrial and regional policies. Secondly, the Board
of Supervisors kept abreast of the formulation and implementation of fintech strategy and required the Board
and the Senior Management to further clarify the strategic planning of fintech in relation to existing problems,
and to improve the fintech mechanism that met the requirements of quality business development and
digital transformation, so as to enhance the effectiveness of technology empowerment. Thirdly, the Board
of Supervisors focused on the Bank’s performance-based remuneration reform and organisational efficiency
enhancement reform. It provided supervisory reminders to the Board and the Senior Management on the
rationality and reasonability of the remuneration system and promoted the implementation of standardised
management of deferred payment, recourse, and deduction of performance-based remuneration, so as to
give better play to the role of remuneration in corporate governance and risk management and control and to
cultivate a value-oriented incentive culture across the Bank.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   223


                                              REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS



     Supervision of risk. Firstly, the supervision on overall risk management has been enhanced. The Board
of Supervisors reviewed the annual risk management report and the Board’s guiding opinions on risk
management, with main focus on system construction, mechanism optimisation, implementation, and
data and system performance of overall risk management. Meanwhile, the Board of Supervisors issued
supervisory notices, requiring the Board and the Senior Management to effectively rectify the problems in
risk appetite guidance, coordinated risk management, and management of various substantive risks, and
to provide feedback report to the Board of Supervisors within a certain period. Secondly, the supervision in
key risk areas has been enhanced. The Board of Supervisors received briefings on internal credit risk rating,
centralised credit granting management of corporate customers, special audits on professional operation
of problem assets across the Bank, special audits on management of innovative businesses, management
of liquidity risk and interest rate risk of banking books, and write-offs of bad loans. It also participated in
the assessment of management of special risks of small business finance and supply chain finance and
received relevant briefings. Furthermore, the Board of Supervisors reviewed special reports on market risk,
interest rate risk of banking books, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputation risk, country risk, outsourcing
risk, management of large-amount exposure, management of business continuity, stress test, information
technology risk and data governance, with focus on risk management mechanisms, management strategies,
management methods and management effectiveness, and provided constructive supervisory opinions.
Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the consolidated statements of the Group and received briefings
of special audits on consolidated statement management. It required the Board and the Senior Management
to strictly perform their duties in the management of the Group’s consolidated statements, improved the risk
management system of consolidated statements covering subsidiaries and encouraged the subsidiaries to
refine their own risk policies within the general framework of the Bank, so as to coordinate and standardise
the management of various risks within the Group and continuously improve the corporate governance
structure. Fourthly, the Board of Supervisors received special briefings on capital management and capital
measurement methods, and reviewed reports on capital management, capital strategies and internal capital
adequacy ratio assessment. The Board and the Senior Management were required to firmly establish the
capital-saving awareness, improve the capital efficiency, and further optimise the business structure and
asset structure in accordance with national policies and regulatory requirements to improve capital efficiency.


    Supervision of internal control and compliance. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors received briefings on
audit reports, major audit findings and audit work plans. It regularly summarised the problems identified in
various regulatory inspections and internal and external audits, such as annual inspection reports, on-site
inspections on follow-up rectification assessment, look-back inspections on market chaos and disorders,
on-site inspections on shadow banking and cross-finance business, and subsequent rectifications and
regulatory penalties. The Board of Supervisors also paid special attention to institutional issues that needed
to be addressed urgently and fundamental works that had weak point, and continued to follow up the
progress, effectiveness and accountability of the rectification works to ensure effective implementation.
Secondly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the annual reports on internal control evaluation, work reports
on case prevention and work reports on compliance risk management. Annual evaluation reports on risk
management and internal control of regional branches were circulated among Supervisors and relevant
briefings were received, so as to keep abreast of internal control management of the Head Office and all
operating units in relation to control environment, risk identification and measurement, internal control
224 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS



measures, information exchange and feedback, supervisory evaluation and rectifications. The Board of
Supervisors also focused on the issues including adjustments of organisational structures and division of
responsibilities of internal control and compliance, internal control system, compliance risk management,
internal control in relation to the management system, operating procedures and key risks aspects of new
businesses and new products, as well as accountability of internal control and compliance. The Board and
the Senior Management were urged to further improve the internal control mechanism and create core
competitiveness of compliant operation. Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the annual work reports
on and plans for consumer rights protection, and the guiding opinions on consumer rights protection by
the Board of Directors, received briefings on anti-money laundering and compliance of credit reporting,
supervised the implementation of relevant policies, systems and procedures, and assessed the performance
of the Board and the Senior Management and supervised follow-up rectifications, in order to promote the
establishment of a sound long-term management mechanism for consumer rights protection, anti-money
laundering and compliant credit reporting across the Bank. Fourthly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the
annual assessment report on the behaviours of employees and received relevant briefings to urge the Board
and the Senior Management to establish a behaviour management system of employees with clearly defined
responsibilities, mutual checks and balances, and comprehensive coverage.


    Supervision of finance. Firstly, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the annual final account report, profit
distribution proposals, the annual financial budgets report and the value management enhancement report
to gain an in-depth understanding and assessment of the operating results, shareholders’ return, business
scale and asset quality of the Bank. The Supervisors attended the meetings of the Audit Committee of the
Board as non-voting delegates and expressed opinions on material events, such as bad loans write-offs, to
further improve relevant management procedures. Secondly, the Board of Supervisors received reports on
the preparation of periodic financial reports from external auditors with focus on key areas such as disposals
of problem and non-performing assets, wealth management business, and asset and liability management.
Auditors were urged to improve their work quality, verify the truthfulness of financial information and provide
independent opinion in an objective and fair manner. Thirdly, according to the regulatory requirements and
the internal management procedure of the Bank, the Board of Supervisors reviewed the annual report on
related party transactions, the monthly reports on management of material related party transactions and
special audit reports on management of related party transactions, and received relevant briefings, with focus
on the type, pricing policies, approval procedures and criteria, and the identification of related parties of such
transactions, in order to enhance supervision on performance of the Board and the Senior Management in
respect of managing related party transactions. Fourthly, the Board of Supervisors received regular reports on
business operation across the Bank and made comparative analysis on the key financial data of the Bank and
the operation of other banks and financial institutions, and produced two reports on the operation analysis
of other banks and supervision reports on the operation indicators of the Bank, which made analysis on the
profitability, scale growth, asset quality, regulatory indicators, development and efficiency of the Company.
Based on the overall findings of regular reviews of operation achievements and shortcomings of the
Company, the Board of Supervisors provided necessary reminders to the Board and Senior Management.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   225


                                              REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS



    Supervision of performance. Firstly, a regular evaluation mechanism on performance was established.
The duty performance of Supervisors were recorded when they attended Board meetings and meetings of
special committees under the Board as non-voting delegates, received special briefings, reviewed reports,
and participated in investigations and evaluations. The Board of Supervisors supervised and evaluated
the compliance of the contents and procedures of discussions of the Board, as well as the performances
of Directors in terms of strategies, risks and internal control, and provided opinions. Secondly, based on
regulatory requirements and the focus of performance supervision, the Board of Supervisors further enriched
the contents of performance appraisal and continued to improve the performance appraisal questionnaire, in
order to improve the comprehensiveness and objectivity of appraisal. The appraisal of the Board, Directors
and Supervisors covered the fulfillment of loyalty obligations and diligence obligations, involving 30 indicators
such as strategic management, risk management, and internal control and compliance. The appraisal
of Senior Management mainly included the evaluation on key performance indicators and leadership.
The Board of Supervisors paid close attention to indicators in relation to risk, regulatory compliance and
social responsibilities, so that the proportion of such indicators were greatly increased in the appraisals.
Thirdly, the Board of Supervisors performed annual supervisory appraisals on the duty performances of
the Board, Directors, Supervisors, the Senior Management and its members, to consistently improve
the comprehensiveness and objectivity of appraisal. Based on the findings of daily supervision and the
comprehensive results of annual performance appraisal, the annual supervision and appraisal reports on duty
performance were produced and were submitted to the Board of Supervisors and the shareholders’ general
meetings for consideration, and then reported to the regulatory authorities, fully reflecting the independence
and authority of the Board of Supervisors in corporate governance.


III. Independent Opinions of the Board of Supervisors
(I) Law-abiding operation of the Company
    During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained law-abiding operation and decision-making
procedures were in compliance with the applicable laws, regulations and the Articles of Association. There
was no breach of the applicable laws and regulations and the Articles of Association nor any act which
would harm the interests of the Company and its shareholders by any Directors or Senior Management in
performing their duties.

(II) Authenticity of the financial statements
    The annual financial statements of the Company have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong
Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers in accordance with the CAS and the ISAs, respectively. Standard
and unqualified auditors’ reports have been issued accordingly. The financial statements of the Company
for the year truthfully, accurately and completely reflected the Company’s financial position and business
performance.


(III) Use of proceeds from fund-raising activities
    During the Reporting Period, the use of proceeds from fund-raising activities was consistent with the use
of proceeds stated in the prospectus of the Company.
226 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


REPORT OF THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS



(IV) Acquisition and disposal of assets
    During the Reporting Period, as far as the Board of Supervisors is aware, there was no acquisition
and disposal of assets of the Company involving any insider transaction that would harm the interests of
shareholders or result in any loss of assets of the Company.

(V) Related party transactions
    During the Reporting Period, the management of related party transactions was in compliance with the
relevant national laws, regulations and the Articles of Association. There was no act which would harm the
interests of the Company and its shareholders.


(VI) Implementation of resolutions approved at general meetings
    The Board of Supervisors raised no objection to the reports and proposals submitted by the Board to the
shareholders’ general meetings for consideration and approval in 2020 and supervised the implementation
of the resolutions approved at general meetings. The Board of Supervisors is convinced that the Board
implemented the resolutions in real earnest.


(VII) Internal control
    The Company continued to strengthen and improve its internal control. The Board of Supervisors
raised no objection to the Self-Evaluation Report of Internal Control of the Company for 2020. During the
Reporting Period, no material deficiencies were found in respect of the completeness, reasonableness and
effectiveness of the internal control mechanism and system of the Company.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   227


                                                                          MAJOR EVENTS

I. Material Litigation and Arbitration
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had no litigation or arbitration proceeding that had significant
impact on its operations. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were 3,904 pending litigations with
disputed amounts of over RMB1 million involving the Company as plaintiff for approximately RMB25,981.32
million and 163 pending litigations involving the Company as defendant for approximately RMB2,236.16
million.


II. Purchase and Disposal of Assets and Mergers and Acquisitions
    The Company has strictly complied with the Articles of Association, the Basic Accounting Rules (  《基
本財務規則》      ) and the Administrative Measures on Fixed Assets (   《固定資產管理辦法》         ) of the Company. The
Company has made arrangements for writing off residual value and account treatment of fixed assets that
satisfied the conditions for disposal. The shareholders’ interest has not been prejudiced and the Company
has not experienced any loss of assets.


III. Material Contracts and Their Performances
    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot Z4 at Core Area of Beijing
CBD in East Third Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing. The integrated construction of soil protection and
foundation engineering on the sixth construction site where the project is located has commenced.


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot 2010P26 at the intersection
of Douzaiwei Road and Hubin South Road in Xiamen. Construction of the project has been completed and
has passed completion inspection. In November 2017, the Xiamen Branch of the Company was relocated and
commenced operation. The settlement and auditing for the project have been completed.


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of Plot
2012-8 on the north of Headquarters Economic Zone in Donghai Sub-District, Quanzhou. The construction
commenced in May 2016. The construction of major structure and roof were completed. The construction of
facade, the installation of mechanical and electrical equipments, fire engineering, elevator engineering and
renovation of public facilities are in progress.


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of Plot G at the Strait Financial
Business District on the south of Aofeng Road and the east of Aofeng Side Road in Taijiang District, Fuzhou.
The land handover was completed with Fuzhou Land Development Centre (福州市土地發展中心) in August
2018. The project was approved by the Board on 23 September 2020. The approval procedures of pile
foundation construction permit were completed on 25 September 2020, and the tender and procurement
procedures for entrusted construction entities are in progress.
228 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



    The Phase I of Shunyi Headquarters in Beijing has been accepted for completion and put into operation.
The settlement and auditing of the construction have been completed and the transfer of entitlement is in
progress. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the determination of land premium had been completed.
The Phase II of Shunyi Headquarters in Beijing was granted the Project Filing Certificate of Beijing
Non-Governmental Investment in Industrial and IT Fixed Assets (Shun Jing Xin Bei [2019] No. 0008) (
                                                                                                 《北京市
非政府投資工業和信息化固定資產投資項目備案證明》(順經信備[2019]0008號)) on 14 May 2019, the Letter of
Preliminary Review Opinions on “Plan Integration” Synergetic Platform of Shunyi Phase II Cloud Computing
Centre of Minsheng Bank (Jing Gui Zi (Shun) Chu Shen [2019] No. 0002) (   《關於民生銀行順義二期雲計算數
據中心項目「多規合一」協同平台初審意見的函》 (京規自（順）初審[2019]0002號)) on 11 June 2019, and the
Review Opinions on Energy Conservation of Shunyi Headquarters Phase II Cloud Computing Centre of China
Minsheng Bank of the Development and Reform Commission of Beijing Municipality (Jing Fa Gai Neng Ping
[2020] No. 8) (《北京市發展改革委員會關於中國民生銀行順義總部基地二期雲計算數據中心項目的節能審查意見》
(京發改能評[2020]8號)) on 17 March 2020. The preliminary design was completed in April 2020. The project
was granted the Letter of Consolidated Consulting Opinions on “Plan Integration” Synergetic Platform of
Headquarters Phase II Cloud Computing Centre (    《關於總部基地二期雲計算數據中心項目「多規合一」協同平台
綜合會商意見的函》         ) on 15 May 2020 and the Planning Permit on Construction Project (2020 Gui Zi Shun Jian
Zi No. 0032) (
             《建設工程規劃許可證》 (2020規自順建字0032號)) on 17 July 2020. The approval procedure of
general investment estimation of the Bank is in progress.


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of
Plot Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2013) No. 4 on the south of Baifo Road and the east of Xuzhuang Street in
Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou, and has completed the earthwork excavation and pile foundation
construction. The construction is currently suspended.


   The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of Plot
Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2014) No. 1 on the west of East Fourth Ring Road and the south of Lianhu Road in
Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou. Currently, the project has not commenced construction.


    The Company participated in and won the bid for the land use right of the granted parcel of land of
Plot Zheng Zheng Dong Chu (2014) No. 3 on the south of Shangding Road and the west of Mingli Road in
Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou. Currently, the project has not commenced construction.


IV. Major Guarantees
    During the Reporting Period, no major guarantees of the Group were required to be disclosed except for
the financial guarantees provided in the course of business operation and approved by the PBOC.


Specific Explanation and Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-Executive Directors
Regarding External Guarantees
    In accordance with the relevant rules of the CSRC and the SSE, the Independent Non-Executive Directors
of the Company carried out a thorough investigation on the external guarantees of the Group on an open, fair
and objective basis. In 2020, except for the financial guarantee business within the business scope approved
by the PBOC, there were no other major guarantees of the Group that needed to be disclosed.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   229


                                                                                      MAJOR EVENTS



V. Commitments by the Company and Its Relevant Entities
     According to the relevant rules of the CSRC, the Company considered and approved the Proposal on
Impacts on Dilution of Current Returns of the Non-public Issuance of Preference Shares and the Relevant
Remedial Measures of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. at the first extraordinary meeting for 2016 on
1 February 2016 and the Proposal on Impacts on Dilution of Current Returns of the Public Issuance of A
Shares Convertible Corporate Bonds and the Relevant Remedial Measures of China Minsheng Banking
Corp., Ltd. at the annual general meeting for 2016 on 2 May 2017, in which remedial measures on the
dilution of current returns that might arise from the non-public issuance of preference shares and the public
issuance of A Share convertible corporate bonds by the Company was formulated, respectively. These
measures included strengthening capital management and optimising resources allocation, promoting the
transformation of business model and management mechanism, enhancing comprehensive management and
refined management, improving overall risk management, and further increasing its corporate value. At the
same time, the Directors and the Senior Management of the Company also made commitments to effectively
execute the remedial measures on current returns. During the Reporting Period, the Company and the
Directors and the Senior Management of the Company did not violate any of the aforesaid commitments.

VI. Appointment of Accounting Firms and Sponsors
    The general meeting of the Company approved to engage PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and
PricewaterhouseCoopers as the external auditors of the Company, being the auditing firms responsible for
domestic and international auditing of the Company for 2020, respectively.


     According to the terms of contracts, the total remuneration agreed between the Company and the above
auditors in respect of their audit services for the year, including 2020 annual auditing, 2020 interim review,
agreed procedures of 2020 quarterly financial statements and auditing of the effectiveness of internal control
for 2020, was RMB9.50 million, including a service fee of RMB1.0 million for the audit of the effectiveness
of internal control.


    As at the end of the Reporting Period, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and
PricewaterhouseCoopers have been providing audit services to the Company for the second year. Yan Lin
and Zhang Honglei, the signing accountants, had provided services for the Company for the second year.


    The Company had engaged Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. as the sponsor for the non-public issuance of
domestic preference shares of the Company since 2016. The ongoing supervision and guidance provided
by the sponsor to the Company ceased on 28 July 2020 and the remaining supervision and guidance for
the non-public issuance of domestic preference shares was taken up by CITIC Securities Co., Ltd. and
China International Capital Corporation Limited, the newly appointed sponsors of the Company. In 2019, the
Company had settled and paid the full remuneration (including sponsorship and underwriting fees) to Haitong
Securities Co., Ltd. in respect of the non-public issuance of domestic preference shares.
230 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



VII. Major Connected Transactions
    There is no controlling relationship between the related parties of the Company. None of the related
parties had major related party transactions of total transaction value of more than 5% of the audited net
asset value of the Company during the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the related party
transactions of the Company were mainly the provision of loans to shareholders and related parties. All loans
to related parties were provided in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and according to the
credit terms and approval procedures of the Company. The principal and interests of the loans had been paid
on time. The loans did not have any adverse impacts on the operating results and financial position of the
Company. For other related party transactions of the Group, please refer to note 9 “Related Parties” to the
financial report.


   In accordance with the rules 14A.49 and 14A.71 under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the
connected transactions and continuing connected transactions of the Company during the Reporting Period
were as follows:

1. Continuing connected transactions between the Company and Dajia Life Insurance Co.,
Ltd. for agency sales of financial products
(1) Business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products with Dajia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. for 2020
① Details of the transactions
     On 11 December 2019, the 13th meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company considered
and approved the Proposal on the Integrated Group Credit to Dajia Insurance Group Co., Ltd. for 2019 (
                                                                                                     《關於
大家保險集團有限責任公司2019年度集團統一授信的議案》                            ). Subject to the reserved quota of agency category
under non-credit business of the integrated group credit lines considered and approved by the Board, the
Company entered into a business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products
with Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., with a term from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020. Pursuant to the
agreement, subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and internal management policies,
the Company should provide services of agency sales of financial products to Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,
including but not limited to agency sales of insurance products, and charge for service fees. For the year
ended 31 December 2020, the annual cap of the service fees was RMB1.5 billion and the actual service fees
for the connected transactions were RMB218 million.


    The cooperation between the Company and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was beneficial for both parties
to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further increased the
Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering into the business
cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce compliance cost of the
Company.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   231


                                                                                      MAJOR EVENTS



    As at the date of the agreement, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held approximately 17.84% equity
interests of the Company, and was therefore a substantial shareholder of the Company. Thus, Dajia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted a connected party of the Company and the transactions between the Group
and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap of service fees receivable from Dajia
Life Insurance Co., Ltd. under the business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial
products exceeded 0.1% but was less than 5%, the transactions constituted non-exempted continuing
connected transactions of the Company, and were subject to the reporting and announcement requirements
but were exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of the Company
published on 11 December 2019 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company.

② Opinions of the Independent Directors
     The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions regarding the business cooperation with Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for agency sale services
of financial products, and confirmed that the transactions were:

   a.   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;

   b.   based on normal or more favourable commercial terms; and

   c.   based on the terms of agreement governing the relevant transactions, which are fair and reasonable,
        and in the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole.

③ Opinions of the auditors
    Pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Board engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers,
the international auditor of the Company, to perform relevant procedures on the continuing connected
transactions regarding the business cooperation with Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for agency sales
of financial products according to Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to the
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transaction under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board confirmed that the
auditor has reported the results of its procedures to the Board. Regarding the disclosed continuing connected
transactions, nothing has come to the attention of the auditor that:

   a.   the continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;

   b.   for connected transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, the transactions
        were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

   c.   the connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions;

   d.   the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions has exceeded the aggregate
        annual caps in the continuing connected transaction announcement of the Company published on the
        HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company on 11 December 2019.
232 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



(2) Business cooperation framework agreement with Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for 2021
    On 21 December 2020, the first extraordinary meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company
considered and approved the Proposal on Granting Integrated Group Credit for 2020 to Dajia Insurance
Group Co., Ltd. and the Specific Business thereunder (   《關於大家保險集團有限責任公司2020年度集團統一授
信及項下單筆業務的議案》             ). Subject to the reserved quota of agency category under non-credit business of
the integrated group credit lines considered and approved by the Board, the Company would enter into a
business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products with Dajia Life Insurance
Co., Ltd. in due course, with a term from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. Pursuant to the agreement,
subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and internal management policies, the Company
shall provide services of agency sales of financial products to Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., including but
not limited to agency sales of insurance products, asset management products, fund products and securities
products, and charge for service fees. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the annual cap of the service
fees was RMB1.0 billion.


    The cooperation between the Company and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was beneficial for both parties
to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further increased the
Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering into the business
cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce compliance cost of the
Company.


     As at the date of the agreement, Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. held approximately 17.84% equity
interests of the Company, and was therefore a substantial shareholder of the Company. Thus, Dajia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted a connected party of the Company and the transactions between the Group
and Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap of the service fees receivable
from Dajia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. under the business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales
of financial products exceeded 0.1% but was less than 5%, the transactions constituted non-exempted
continuing connected transactions of the Company, and were subject to the reporting and announcement
requirements but were exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter
14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of
the Company published on 21 December 2020 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of
the Company.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   233


                                                                                       MAJOR EVENTS



2. Continuing connected transactions between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co.,
Ltd. for agency sales of financial products
(1) Business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products with Huaxia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd. for 2020
① Details of the transactions
    On 27 November 2019, the 12th extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the
Company considered and approved the Proposal on Entering into Business Cooperation Framework
Agreement for Agency Sales of Financial Products between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.
(
《關於本公司與華夏人壽保險股份有限公司簽署金融產品代理銷售業務合作框架協議的議案》                                               ) and agreed to enter
into a business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products with Huaxia Life
Insurance Co., Ltd., a connected party of the Company, with a term from 1 January 2020 to 31 December
2020. Pursuant to the agreement, subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and internal
management policy, the Company should provide services of agency sales of financial products to Huaxia
Life Insurance Co., Ltd., including but not limited to agency sales of insurance products, and charge for sales
service fees. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the annual cap of the service fees was RMB0.5 billion,
and the actual service fees for the connected transactions were RMB34 million.


    The cooperation between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was beneficial for both
parties to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further increased
the Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering into the business
cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce compliance cost of the
Company.


    As at the date of the agreement, Mr. Zhang Hongwei, the Vice Chairman of the Company, was the
ultimate controller of Orient Group Co., Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation. As a result, Orient Group Co.,
Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation were associates of Mr. Zhang Hongwei. Orient Group Co., Ltd., Orient
Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. were parties acting in concert. Huaxia Life Insurance
Co., Ltd. constituted a connected party of the Company, and the transactions between the Group and Huaxia
Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap of the service fees payable to the Company
by Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. under the business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales
of financial products exceeded 0.1% but was less than 5%, the transactions constituted non-exempted
continuing connected transactions of the Company and were subject to the reporting and announcement
requirements but were exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter
14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of
the Company published on 27 November 2019 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of
the Company.
234 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



② Opinions of the Independent Directors
     The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions regarding the business cooperation with Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for agency sale services
of financial products, and confirmed that the transactions were:


   a.   entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


   b.   based on normal or more favorable commercial terms; and


   c.   based on the terms of agreement governing the relevant transactions, which are fair and reasonable,
        and in the interests of the Company’s shareholders as a whole.


③ Opinions of the auditors
    Pursuant to rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Board engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers,
the international auditor of the Company, to perform relevant procedures on the continuing connected
transactions regarding the business cooperation with Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for agency sales
of financial products according to Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to the
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transaction under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Board confirmed that the
auditor has reported the results of its procedures to the Board. Regarding the disclosed continuing connected
transactions, nothing has come to the attention of the auditor that:


   a.   the continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board of the Company;


   b.   for connected transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, the transactions
        were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;


   c.   the connected transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


   d.   the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions has exceeded the aggregate
        annual caps in the continuing connected transaction announcement of the Company published on the
        HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of the Company on 27 November 2019.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   235


                                                                                      MAJOR EVENTS



(2) Business Cooperation Framework Agreement for Agency Sales of Financial products with Huaxia
Life Insurance Co., Ltd. for 2021
    On 21 December 2020, the first extraordinary meeting of the eighth session of the Board of the Company
considered and approved the Proposal on Entering into Business Cooperation Framework Agreement for
Agency Sales of Financial Products between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (   《關於本公司與
華夏人壽保險股份有限公司簽署金融產品代理銷售業務合作框架協議的議案》                                       ) and agreed to enter into a business
cooperation framework agreement for agency sales of financial products with Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,
a connected party of the Company, with a term from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021. Pursuant to the
agreement, subject to the laws and regulations, regulatory requirements and internal management policies,
the Company should provide services of agency sales of financial products to Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.,
including but not limited to agency sales of insurance products, asset management products, fund products
and securities products, and charge for sales service fees. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the annual
cap of the aggregate service fees will be RMB0.46 billion.


    The cooperation between the Company and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. was beneficial for both
parties to achieve sharing of resources and mutual supplement of advantages which in turn further increased
the Company’s incomes from its retail banking intermediary business. In addition, entering into the business
cooperation framework agreement can simplify the disclosure procedure and reduce compliance cost of the
Company.


    As at the date of the above agreement, Mr. Zhang Hongwei, the Vice Chairman of the Company, was
the ultimate controller of Orient Group Co., Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation. Therefore, Orient Group Co.,
Ltd. and Orient Group Incorporation were associates of Mr. Zhang Hongwei. Orient Group Co., Ltd., Orient
Group Incorporation and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. were parties acting in concert. Huaxia Life Insurance
Co., Ltd. constituted a connected party of the Company, and the transactions between the Group and Huaxia
Life Insurance Co., Ltd. constituted continuing connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
As the highest applicable percentage ratio for the annual cap of the service fees payable to the Company
by Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. under the business cooperation framework agreement for agency sales
of financial products exceeded 0.1% but was less than 5%, the transactions constituted non-exempted
continuing connected transactions of the Company and were subject to the reporting and announcement
requirements but were exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter
14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the connected transaction announcement of
the Company published on 21 December 2020 on the HKEXnews website of the SEHK and the website of
the Company.


    Save as disclosed in this report, during the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any discloseable
connected transaction or continuing connected transaction pursuant to the provisions in relation to connected
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
236 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



VIII. Repurchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares
    Save as disclosed in this Annual Report, during the 12 months ended 31 December 2020, the Group had
neither sold any securities of the Company nor repurchased or redeemed any listed share of the Company.


IX. Audit Committee
    As at the end of the Reporting Period, the members of the Audit Committee of the Company comprised
Liu Ningyu (chairman), Song Chunfeng, Weng Zhenjie, Peng Xuefeng and Qu Xinjiu.


    The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee include reviewing and supervising the financial
reporting procedures and internal monitoring system of the Company and providing advice to the Board.
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed and confirmed the 2020 Annual Report and the Results
Announcement for the year ended 31 December 2020.


X. Restriction Commitments Regarding Additional Shares for Shareholders
with Shareholding of 5% or More in the Company
    Not applicable.


XI. Administrative Penalties Imposed on the Company and Directors,
Supervisors, Senior Management and Controlling Shareholders of the
Company
    During the Reporting Period, the Company was not aware of the Company or any of its incumbent
Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management being subject to any investigation by the competent authorities
or mandatory measures imposed by the judicial authorities or commission for discipline inspection, or
handled over to judicial authorities for criminal liabilities, nor any of them being a subject to examination or
administrative penalty by the CSRC, or prohibited from the securities market or deemed as ineligible persons,
or subject to any material administrative penalty imposed by the environmental protection, safety, taxation
and other administrative authorities or publicly censured by any stock exchanges.


XII. Incentive Share Option Scheme, Employee Share Ownership Scheme or
Other Employee Incentive Measures and Their Implementations During the
Reporting Period
    Up to date, the Company had no incentive share option scheme, employee share ownership scheme or
other employee incentive measures.


XIII. Integrity of the Company, Controlling Shareholders and Ultimate
Controller
     The Company does not have any controlling shareholder or ultimate controller. During the Reporting
Period, the Company did not have any effective court ruling which was not implemented or any overdue debt
in large amounts.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   237


                                                                                       MAJOR EVENTS



XIV. Non-Operating Fund Occupation by Controlling Shareholders and Other
Related Parties
   The Company does not have any controlling shareholder and does not have any non-operating fund
occupation by other related parties.


XV. Performance of Social Responsibilities and Poverty Alleviation Work
(I) Performance of social responsibilities
    2020 marked the successful conclusion of building a moderately prosperous society in all aspects and
the 13th Five-Year Plan. Facing the severe test and the complex and changing economic environment at
home and abroad brought by the pandemic, the Company thoroughly implemented a series of policies and
requirements of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council such as ensuring “stability on six key
fronts” and maintaining “security in six key areas”, strengthened the sense of mission, adhered to the
origin and the principal business, advanced inclusive finance, facilitated resumption of work and production,
persisted in the equal emphasis on operation and duty performance, and comprehensively improved
its capability to respond to external challenges and serve the real economy. Meanwhile, the Company
responded to major national strategies, devoted itself to poverty alleviation, innovated support for charity and
public welfare, actively participated in green environmental protection, attached importance to building the
Minsheng Family, and contributed the power of Minsheng to economic development and social progress.


    After the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company donated RMB50 million in the first batch
of a total donation of RMB61.49 million, to equip hospitals in Wuhan and other areas seriously stricken by
the pandemic with medical supplies, such as masks, goggles, protective clothing and reagent kits, as well
as other assistance, to support the fight against the pandemic. At the same time, in order to deal with the
negative impact of the pandemic on the economy, the Company actively took anti-pandemic measures,
quickly established pandemic prevention and control standards, and conscientiously implemented various
sterilisation and disinfection measures so as to ensure the normal operation of all business outlets and
the personal safety of customers. The Company fully supported the resumption of work and production,
strengthened inclusive financial support, and provided enterprises with timely capital support through various
measures such as simplifying business processes, deferring principle and interest payment, and protecting
credit record of customers for overdue loans.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company implemented the decisions and deployments of the
CPC Central Committee on poverty alleviation by making all efforts to fight the final battle of poverty
alleviation. The Company broadly participated in poverty alleviation with a “Ten-in-One (十位一體)” approach
characterised by multiple levels, wide coverage and strong penetration. It completed the indicators and tasks
specified in the targeted poverty alleviation responsibility letter committed to the central government at
the beginning of the year six months ahead of schedule. With all doubled poverty alleviation indicators,the
Company helped Hua County and Fengqiu County in Henan Province achieve comprehensive poverty
alleviation as scheduled, which were highly recognised by the regulatory authorities and all sectors of
society. The Company continued to carry out the “Power of Minsheng’s Love – ME Charity Innovation
Funding Scheme (我決定民生愛的力量 – ME公益創新計劃)” to provide financial support for commonweal and
238 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



innovation projects and organisations dedicated to targeted poverty alleviation, community development,
education support, health and well-being, ecological civilisation and other areas nationwide. In the past six
years, it provided RMB66 million innovation funds to 135 commonweal projects in 30 provinces (municipalities
and regions) in China, directly benefiting more than 240 thousand people. The art institutions sponsored by
the Company played an effective role in social public service through communication and cooperation with
the government and commonweal organisations. Eight exhibitions and 127 public education sessions were
organised during the year with 640 thousand participants. These activities were widely appreciated by the
society and greatly contributed to cultural exchange and public education.


    The social responsibility practices of the Company in 2020 were highly recognised by various third
parties such as government authorities, commonweal organisations and mainstream media. The targeted
poverty alleviation case of the Company was published in the “50 Outstanding Cases of Poverty Alleviation
by Enterprises (企業扶貧50佳案例)” by the Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of
the State Council. The Company won honours such as the“Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation Contribution
Award (最佳精準扶貧貢獻獎)” by China Banking Association, the “Vitality Philanthropic Award (活力慈善
獎)” at the Internet GOOD Summit, “China Benefit Corporation for 2020 (2020年度中國益公司)” by news.
qq.com, the award of the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company of the Year (年度最具社會責任上市公
司)” in the Golden Kylin Value List of Hong Kong Listed Stocks (金麒麟港股價值風雲榜) by www.finance.sina.
com.cn and the “Award of Corporate Social Responsibility of the Year (年度企業社會責任獎)” by Shanghai
Securities News, and ranked first in the banking industry and first among NSOEs in the “Social Responsibility
Development Index of Top 300 Chinese Enterprises in 2020 (2020年中國企業300強社會責任發展指數)” by the
Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.


     For details of the 2020 Social Responsibility Report (           ) of the Company, please
                                                         《2020年度社會責任報告》
visit the website of the Company and the website of the SSE.


(II) Performance of poverty alleviation
     During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to implement the decisions and deployments of the
CPC Central Committee and the State Council on winning the fight against poverty. With high attention of the
leaders and concerted efforts of all employees, taking the fight against poverty as the primary political task,
the Company continued to provide greater assistance by integrating quality internal and external resources,
and solidly implementing the landing of of projects. In 2020, the Company donated RMB45.59 million for
poverty alleviation and extended RMB23,964 million targeted poverty alleviation loans, of which RMB11,037
million was for individuals and RMB12,927 million was for enterprises.


1. Plan for targeted poverty alleviation
    According to the work plan for poverty alleviation and actual needs of Hua County and Fengqiu County in
Henan, which were targeted poverty alleviation counties of the Company, and on the basis of fully consulting
the relevant departments, the Company formulated the Work Plan for Targeted Poverty Alleviation for 2020
(
《2020年定點扶貧工作計劃》              ), the Administrative Measures on Financial Targeted Poverty Alleviation Loans
(
《金融精準扶貧貸款管理辦法》                 ) and the Notice on Further Increasing the Extension of Poverty Alleviation Loans
(
《關於進一步加大扶貧貸款投放力度的通知》                        ), specifying the poverty alleviation goals and tasks, the line of
thought and key points, the implementation paths and the responsible departments, and forming synergies
for poverty alleviation across the Bank.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020    239


                                                                                                           MAJOR EVENTS



2. Overview of targeted poverty alleviation for the year
     During the Reporting Period, the Company gave full play to the characteristics of flexible mechanisms,
effectively strengthened organisation and leadership, leveraged the advantages of the financial industry, fully
implemented key indicators, and took multiple measures to promote innovation. It created the “Ten-In-One”
poverty alleviation approach, which aimed to alleviate poverty through approaches in ten aspects, namely
industry, Party building, education, healthcare, finance, skills, consumption, E-Commerce, employment and
culture. 37 Party branches of the Company paired up with the Party branches of poverty-stricken villages in
the two counties to build a distinctive and integrated model of poverty alleviation by consumption covering
“production + processing + sales + marketing”. Meanwhile, the Company carried out in-depth poverty
alleviation by culture. It worked with the Central Academy of Fine Arts and other professional institutions to
jointly launch a series of projects under the “Art + Empowerment Program”, to further exploit the potential
of the intangible cultural heritages of the two counties, promote the upgrading of the packaging design of
poverty alleviation products, carry out aesthetic education, so as to integrate the overall poverty alleviation
with rural revitalisation.


3. Achievement of targeted poverty alleviation


                                                                                                         (Unit: RMB ten thousand)

 Indicator                                                                                  Amount and progress

 I.   General information


      Of which: 1. Funds                                                                                 Amount           Balance
                                                                                                     for the year
                                                                   Amount                              4,708,014         2,400,935
                                                                   Of which:                           3,330,009         1,103,703
                                                                   Poverty alleviation
                                                                     loans to individuals
                                                                   Poverty alleviation                 1,373,446         1,292,673
                                                                     loans to enterprises
                                                                   Donations for the year                  4,559              4,559
               2. Number of poverty stricken people helped to be                                                              8,624
                  removed from administrative record for poverty
                  registering (person)
240 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


MAJOR EVENTS



 Indicator                                                                   Amount and progress

 II.   Input in different dimensions


       1.    Poverty alleviation through industrial development
             Of which: 1.1    Type of industrial development projects                              √ Agriculture and Forestry
                                                                                                                 □ Tourism
                                                                                                             √ E-Commerce
                                                                                                       □ Return on assets
                                                                                                              □ Technology
                                                                                                                   √ Others
                       1.2    Number of industrial development projects                                                 312
                       1.3    Amount invested for industrial development                                         1,293,833
                              projects
                              1.3.1 Amount of direct capital investment                                               1,160
                              1.3.2 Amount of loans extended                                                     1,292,673
                       1.4    Number of poverty-stricken people helped to                                                ─
                              be removed from administrative record for
                              poverty registering (person)
       2.    Poverty alleviation through employment transfer
             Of which: 2.1    Amount invested for vocational training                                                   925
                       2.2    Number of people received vocational                                                  17,756
                              training (person/time)
                       2.3    Number of poverty-stricken people helped                                                    3
                              from administrative record for poverty
                              registering to gain jobs (person)
       3.    Poverty alleviation through education
             Of which: 3.1    Amount of subsidies to poor students                                                    414.5
                       3.2    Number of poverty-stricken students                                                     2,967
                              subsidised (person)
                       3.3    Amount invested for the improvement in                                                    660
                              educational resources in poverty-stricken
                              areas
       4.    Poverty alleviation through healthcare
             Of which: 4.1    Amount invested for improvements in                                                     916.7
                              medical and healthcare resources in poverty-
                              stricken areas
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           241


                                                                                                                        MAJOR EVENTS



 Indicator                                                                                            Amount and progress

        5.   Poverty alleviation through public welfare
             Of which: 5.1    Amount invested for poverty alleviation                                                                                ─
                              coordination between Eastern and Western
                              China
                       5.2    Amount invested for targeted poverty                                                                             21,102.9
                              alleviation
                       5.3    Public charity foundation for poverty                                                                               1,032
                              alleviation
        6.   Poverty alleviation through other approaches
             Of which: 6.1. The number of projects                                                                                                   ─
                       6.2. Amount invested                                                                                                          ─
                       6.3. Number of poverty-stricken people helped to                                                                              ─
                            be removed from administrative record for
                            poverty registering (person)
                       6.4. Other                                                                                                                    ─


 III.   Awards (details and grades)


 “Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation Contribution Award (最佳精準扶貧貢獻獎)” by China Banking Association
 The poverty alleviation case of the Company was published in Outstanding Cases of Excellent Organisations in the Banking Industry of China to Assist in
    Poverty Alleviation (《全國銀行業助力脫貧攻堅優秀組織典型案例》)
 The poverty alleviation case of the Company was published in the “50 Outstanding Cases of Poverty Alleviation by Enterprises (企業扶貧案例50佳)” by the
    Leading Group Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development of the State Council
 The “China Benefit Corporation (中國益公司)” Award by news.qq.com
 The award of the “Most Socially Responsible Listed Company of the Year (年度最具社會責任上市公司)” in the Golden Kylin Value List of Hong Kong Listed
    Stocks (金麒麟港股價值風雲榜) by www.finance.sina.com.cn.
 The “Vitality Philanthropic Award (活力慈善獎)” at the 2020 Internet GOOD Summit
 The “Award of Corporate Social Responsibility of the Year (年度企業社會責任獎)” by Shanghai Securities News
 The Company wanked first in both the “Social Responsibility Development Index for NSOEs (民營企業社會責任發展指數第一名)” and the “Social
    Responsibility Development Index for the Banking Industry (銀行業社會責任發展指數第一名)” in the Blue Book for Corporate Social Responsibility (企業
    社會責任藍皮書) published by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences


4. Continuing targeted poverty alleviation plan
     2021 is the first year of the 14th Five-Year Plan, and is also the start point to consolidate the results
of poverty alleviation and achieve effective integration with rural revitalisation. According to the unified
deployments of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council, the Company will leverage the unique
advantages as a financial industry to help targeted poverty alleviation counties of the Company consolidate
competitive industries, upgrade distinctive industries, explore historical and cultural resources, cultivate new
economic growth points, and provide decision-making reference in rural planning, industrial development and
social governance, etc. The Company will coordinate plans and scientifically advance the undertaking of the
rural revitalisation of targeted poverty alleviation counties, so as to contribute the power of Minsheng to the
realisation of strong agriculture, a beautiful countryside and well-off farmers.
242 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


FINANCIAL REPORTS

I.    Independent Auditor’s Report


II.   Financial Statements for the Year 2020 (Consolidated Income Statement, Consolidated Statement of
      Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statement of Financial Position, Consolidated Statement of Equity
      Movement and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows)


III. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year 2020


IV. Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information for the Year 2020
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   243


                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Opinion

What we have audited


The consolidated financial statements of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 252 to 426, which comprise:


•   the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;


•   the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;


•   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•   the consolidated statement of equity movement for the year then ended;


•   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting
    policies.


Our Opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
244 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards
Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the IESBA Code.


Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context
of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•      Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial investments


•      Consolidation of structured entities

    Key Audit Matter                                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

    Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
    investments

    Refer to Note 2.10, Note 3.1, Note 5.15 and Note                          We obtained an understanding of the management’s
    5.16 to the consolidated financial statements.                            internal control and assessment process of ECL
                                                                              for loans and advances to customers, and financial
    As at 31 December 2020, gross loans and advances                          investments, and assessed the inherent risk of
    to customers and accrued interest, as presented                           material misstatement by considering the degree of
    i n t h e G r o u p’s c o n s o l i d a t e d b a l a n c e s h e e t ,   estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent
    amounted to RMB3,878,839 million, for which the                           risk factors.
    management recognised an impairment allowance
    of RMB97,637 million; total financial investments                         We evaluated and tested the internal controls
    and accrued interest included for the purpose of                          relating to ECL for loans and advances to
    expected credit loss assessment amounted to                               customers, and financial investments, primarily
    RMB1,804,215 million, for which the management                            including:
    recognised an impairment allowance of RMB12,204
    million.                                                                  (1) Governance over ECL models, including the
                                                                                  selection, approval and application of modelling
    The balances of allowances for impairment losses                              methodology; and the internal controls relating
    for the loans and advances to customers and                                   to the on-going monitoring and optimisation of
    financial investments represent the management’s                              the models;
    best estimates at the balance sheet date of
    expected credit losses (“ECL”) under International
    Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial
    Instruments expected credit losses models.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020             245


                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)

Key Audit Matter                                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
investments (continued)

The management assesses whether the credit                                    (2) I n t e r n a l c o n t r o l s r e l a t i n g t o s i g n i f i c a n t
risk of loans and advances to customers and                                       management judgments and assumptions,
financial investments have increased significantly                                including the assessment and approval of
since their initial recognition, and applies a three-                             portfolio segmentation, model selections,
stage impairment model to calculate their ECL. For                                parameters estimation, identification of
corporate loans and financial investments in stages                               significant increase in credit risk, defaults
1 and 2, and all personal loans, the management                                   or credit-impaired and forward-looking
assesses allowance for impairment losses using the                                adjustments;
risk parameter modelling approach that incorporates
key parameters, including probability of default,                             (3) I n t e r n a l c o n t r o l s o v e r t h e a c c u r a c y a n d
loss given default, exposure at default and discount                              completeness of key inputs used by the
rates. For corporate loans and financial investments                              models;
in stage 3, the management assesses allowance
for impairment losses using discounted cash flows                             (4) Internal controls relating to estimated future
model.                                                                            cash flows and calculations of present values
                                                                                  of such cash flows for corporate loans and
The models of ECL involve significant management                                  financial investments in stage 3;
judgments and assumptions, primarily including:
                                                                              (5) Internal controls over the information systems
(1) Segmentation of business operations sharing                                   for ECL measurement.
    similar credit risk characteristics, selection
    of appropriate models and determination of                                (6) Evaluation and approval of the measurement
    relevant key measurement parameters;                                          result of ECL for loans and advances to
                                                                                  customers, and financial investments.
(2) Criteria for determining whether or not there is
    a significant increase in credit risk, or a default                       The substantive procedures we preformed primarily
    or impairment loss is incurred;                                           included:

(3) E c o n o m i c i n d i c a t o r s f o r f o r w a r d - l o o k i n g   According to the risk characteristics of assets, we
    measurement, and the application of economic                              evaluated the reasonableness of segmentation
    scenarios and weightings;                                                 of business operations. We assessed the
                                                                              appropriateness of the modelling methodologies
(4) The estimated future cash flows for corporate                             adopted for ECL measurement by comparing with
    loans and financial investments in stage 3.                               the industry practice. We also examined the model
                                                                              computation on a sample basis, to test whether or
                                                                              not the models reflect the modelling methodologies
                                                                              documented by the management.
246 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                    How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
 investments (continued)

 The management established governance processes     We have examined the accuracy of data inputs for
 and internal controls for the measurement of ECL.   the ECL models, and evaluated the reasonableness
                                                     of the correlation parameters, covering: (i)
 For measuring ECL, the management adopted           examination of supporting information on a sample
 complex models, used numerous parameters and        basis, including contractual information, such as
 data inputs, and applied significant management     maturity dates, and other financial and non-financial
 judgments and assumptions. In addition, the loans   information, such as the borrower’s historical
 and advances to customers, financial investments    and reporting date information, which have been
 and the related impairment allowance involve        agreed with the underlying data used to generate
 significant amounts, and the measurement has a      probability of default and internal credit ratings, and
 high degree of estimation uncertainty. In view of   assessment of the reasonableness of probability
 these reasons, we identified this as a key audit    of default; (ii) assessment of the reasonableness
 matter.                                             of the loss given default using historical data and
                                                     benchmarking against industry practices; and (iii)
                                                     examination of borrowing contracts and assessment
                                                     of the reasonableness of exposure at default and
                                                     discounting rates. In addition, we had performed
                                                     back-testing on probability of default, and assessed
                                                     the impact of back-testing results on the models.

                                                     We selected samples, in consideration of the
                                                     financial information and non-financial information
                                                     of the borrowers, relevant external evidence and
                                                     other factors, to assess the appropriateness of the
                                                     management’s identification of significant increase
                                                     in credit risk, defaults and credit-impaired.
                                                                       Annual Report 2020   247


                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)

Key Audit Matter                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Measurement of expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
investments (continued)

                                            For forward-looking measurements, we assessed
                                            management’s selection of economic indicators and
                                            their analysis of co-relation with the performance
                                            of the credit risk portfolios by using statistical
                                            techniques. We further tested the reasonableness
                                            of the prediction of economic indicators by
                                            comparing with available external expert estimates.
                                            In addition, we performed sensitivity analysis of
                                            economic scenarios and weightings.

                                            For corporate loans and advances and financial
                                            investments in stage 3, we examined, on a sample
                                            basis, forecasted future cash flows prepared by
                                            the management based on financial information
                                            of borrowers and guarantors, latest collateral
                                            valuations and other available information together
                                            with discount rates in supporting the computation
                                            of impairment allowance.

                                            Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                            that the models, key parameters, significant
                                            judgement and assumptions adopted in the ECL
                                            measurement together with the measurement
                                            results were considered acceptable.
248 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key Audit Matters (continued)

 Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Consolidation of structured entities

 Refer to Note 2.4(1), Note 3.5 and Note 7 to the        We understood, evaluated and tested the Group’s
 consolidated financial statements.                      relevant controls over consolidation assessment
                                                         of structured entities, including approval of
 Structured entities primarily included Wealth           contractual terms, variable return computations, and
 Management Products (“WMPs”), asset-backed              consolidation assessment results.
 securities, funds, trust plans and asset management
 plans invested, sponsored and/or managed by the         We selected samples of structured entities and
 Group.                                                  performed the following tests:

 As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount             1.   reviewed contracts and other supporting
 of unconsolidated structured entities invested by            documents, analysed the Group’s contractual
 the Group amounted to RMB645,440 million. In                 rights and obligations in light of the transaction
 addition, as at 31 December 2020, the balances of            structures, and evaluated the Group’s power
 non-principal guaranteed WMPs, funds and asset               over the structured entities.
 management plans and trust plans sponsored and/
 or managed by the Group which were not included         2.   performed independent analysis and tests
 in the consolidated statement of financial position          on the variable returns from the structured
 were RMB861,132 million and RMB233,095 million,              entities, including but not limited to commission
 respectively.                                                income, asset management fees, the retention
                                                              of residual income, and, if any, the liquidity
 Management had determined whether the Group                  and other support provided to the structured
 had control of certain structured entities based             entities.
 on the assessment of the Group’s power over, its
 exposure to variable returns from its involvement       3.   assessed whether the Group acted as a
 with, and its ability to use its power to affect the         principal or an agent, through analysis and
 amount of its returns from these structured entities.        assessment of the scope of the Group’s
                                                              decision-making authority over the structured
 The significant judgement exercised by                       entities, the remuneration to which the Group
 management in assessing whether the Group had                was entitled for asset management services,
 control of structured entities and the significant           the Group’s exposure to variability of returns
 amount of such structured entities resulted in this          from other interests in the structured entities,
 matter being identified as a key area of audit focus.        and the rights held by other parties in the
                                                              structured entities.

                                                         Based on the procedures performed, we found
                                                         management’s consolidation judgement of these
                                                         structured entities acceptable.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   249


                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information

The directors of the Bank are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
250 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor ’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
    due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
    evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
    a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
    involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
    and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
    conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
    the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
    to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
    auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
    going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
    including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
    transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
    We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
    responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020    251


                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Auditor ’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Kwok Wai,
Jimmy.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 30 March 2021
252 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                               Note 5            2020        2019


 Interest income                                                              286,593     274,815
 Interest expense                                                             (151,369)   (152,781)


 Net interest income                                             1            135,224     122,034


 Fee and commission income                                                     33,113      32,933
 Fee and commission expense                                                     (5,449)     (4,729)


 Net fee and commission income                                   2             27,664      28,204


 Net trading gain                                                3               4,212       9,067
 Net gain from investment securities                             4             13,394      15,895
    Including: disposals of financial assets measured
                 at amortised cost                                                (184)      1,144
 Other operating income                                                          1,313       2,545
 Operating expenses                                              5             (50,485)    (50,016)
 Credit impairment losses                                        6             (92,988)    (62,807)
 Other impairment losses                                                        (1,628)       (184)


 Profit before income tax                                                      36,706      64,738


 Income tax expense                                              8              (1,604)     (9,814)


 Net profit                                                                    35,102      54,924


 Net profit attributable to:
    Equity shareholders of the Bank                                            34,309      53,819
    Non-controlling interests                                                     793        1,105


 Earnings per share (expressed in RMB Yuan)
    Basic and Diluted earnings per share                         9                0.71        1.22


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2020           253


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               2020                       2019


 Net profit                                                                                 35,102                      54,924


 Other comprehensive income of the year, net of tax                                          (4,284)                        668


 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Changes in fair value of equity instruments designated as
     measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    41                         52
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
     income
     Changes in fair value                                                                   (8,018)                    (1,595)
     Allowance for impairment losses                                                               (5)                      573
     Transfer to profit or loss                                                               3,205                      1,673
     Less: income tax relating to debt securities at fair value
             through other comprehensive income                                               1,230                        (111)
   Effective hedging portion of gains or losses arising
     from cash flow hedging instruments                                                          (21)                       (26)
   Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                        (716)                       102


 Total comprehensive income of the year                                                     30,818                      55,592


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Bank                                                          30,234                      54,525
   Non-controlling interests                                                                     584                     1,067




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
254 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                               Note 5          2020           2019


 ASSETS


 Cash and balances with central bank                            10          401,525        371,155
 Balances with banks and other financial institutions           11           52,084         53,180
 Precious metals                                                              6,782         15,237
 Placements with banks and other financial institutions         12          221,908        248,565
 Derivative financial assets                                    13           42,285         31,100
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                  14           21,464         65,799
 Loans and advances to customers                                15         3,782,297      3,430,427
 Financial investments:                                         16
    – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 322,480        528,338
    – Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                               470,122        512,888
    – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                          1,328,048      1,143,079
 Long-term receivables                                          17          127,853        116,593
 Property and equipment                                         18           51,129         51,365
 Right-of-use assets                                            19           14,331         14,545
 Deferred income tax assets                                     20           50,033         36,050
 Investments in associates                                                        2              3
 Other assets                                                   22           57,890         63,517


 Total assets                                                              6,950,233      6,681,841
                                                                                            Annual Report 2020           255


                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                                       As at 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               31 December                31 December
                                                             Note 5                   2020                       2019


LIABILITIES


Borrowings from central bank                                                           292,352                    198,843
Deposits and placements from banks and
 other financial institutions                                 24                    1,069,721                  1,163,054
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                                3,293                      5,184
Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions        25                       131,018                    132,295
Derivative financial liabilities                              13                        42,675                      17,793
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements             26                        65,318                    101,705
Deposits from customers                                       27                    3,768,151                  3,637,034
Lease liabilities                                             28                        10,267                      10,420
Provisions                                                    29                          2,021                      1,603
Debt securities issued                                        30                       957,880                    817,225
Current income tax liabilities                                                          18,589                      17,764
Deferred income tax liabilities                               20                             117                        125
Other liabilities                                             31                        47,583                      47,967


Total liabilities                                                                   6,408,985                  6,151,012
256 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                 31 December      31 December
                                                                   Note 5               2020             2019


 EQUITY


 Share capital                                                       32                 43,782         43,782
 Other equity instrument                                                                69,860         69,860
    Including: Preference shares                                     33                 29,867         29,867
                  Perpetual bonds                                    34                 39,993         39,993
 Reserves
    Capital reserve                                                  32                 57,419         57,411
    Surplus reserve                                                  35                 48,479         45,162
    General reserve                                                  35                 86,599         81,657
    Other reserves                                                                      (1,849)         2,227
 Retained earnings                                                   35                225,247        218,746


 Total equity attributable to equity
   shareholders of the Bank                                                            529,537        518,845


 Non-controlling interests                                           36                 11,711         11,984


 Total equity                                                                          541,248        530,829


 Total liabilities and equity                                                        6,950,233       6,681,841


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021.




Gao Yingxin                                                    Zheng Wanchun
Chairman                                                       Vice Chairman and President




Liu Ningyu                                                     (Company Seal)
Director
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020                  257


        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY MOVEMENT
                                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                        Attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank
                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                     Other                                   Investment           Cash flow                                    Non-
                                                        Share       equity   Capital    Surplus      General revaluation Exchange hedging            Retained            controlling      Total
                                                       capital instrument    reserve    reserve      reserve reserve reserve reserve                 earnings      Total interests       equity
                                              Note 5       32       33&34        32         35            35             38                   38          35                     36


At 31 December 2019                                    43,782       69,860   57,411      45,162       81,657          1,822         408        (3)    218,746    518,845      11,984    530,829


(I) Net profit                                              –            –         –          –            –               –              –     –      34,309     34,309        793      35,102
(II) Other comprehensive income, net of tax                 –            –         –          –            –          (3,554)       (513)     (21)        13      (4,075)       (209)    (4,284)


Total comprehensive income                                  –            –         –          –            –          (3,554)       (513)     (21)     34,322     30,234        584      30,818


(III) Profit Distribution
     1. Appropriation to surplus reserve                    –            –         –      3,317            –               –              –     –      (3,317)         –           –          –
     2. Appropriation to general reserve                    –            –         –          –        4,878               –              –     –      (4,878)         –           –          –
     3. Cash dividends                                      –            –         –          –            –               –              –     –     (17,596)   (17,596)        (76)   (17,672)
     4. Interest on the perpetual bond                      –            –         –          –            –               –              –     –      (1,940)    (1,940)          –     (1,940)
(IV) Other
     1. Purchase non-controlling interests                  –            –       72           –           62              (8)        20         –         (97)       49         (751)      (702)
     2. Capital injection to subsidiaries                   –            –       (64)         –            2               –              –     –         49         (13)        13           –
     3. Shares repurchased by subsidiaries                  –            –         –          –            –               –              –     –         (42)       (42)        (43)       (85)


At 31 December 2020                                    43,782       69,860   57,419      48,479       86,599          (1,740)        (85)     (24)    225,247    529,537      11,711    541,248
258 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY MOVEMENT

For the year ended 31 December 2019
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                            Attributable to equity shareholders of the Bank
                                                                                                               Reserves
                                                                         Other                                   Investment           Cash flow                                    Non-
                                                            Share       equity   Capital    Surplus      General revaluation Exchange hedging            Retained            controlling      Total
                                                           capital instrument    reserve    reserve      reserve reserve reserve reserve                 earnings      Total interests       equity
                                                  Note 5       32       33&34        32         35            35            38                    38           35                    36


 At 31 December 2018                                       43,782        9,892   57,470      39,911       74,370          1,133         362       23      193,131    420,074      10,927    431,001


 (I) Net profit                                                 –            –         –          –            –              –               –     –      53,819     53,819       1,105     54,924
 (II) Other comprehensive income, net of tax                    –            –         –          –            –           689           46       (26)         (3)      706          (38)      668


 Total comprehensive income                                     –            –         –          –            –           689           46       (26)     53,816     54,525       1,067     55,592


 (III) Capital injection by shareholders
     1. Capital injection by non-controlling
          shareholders                                          –            –         –          –            –              –               –     –           –          –           –          –
     2. Change in shareholdings in subsidiaries                 –            –       (59)         –           16              –               –     –         (16)       (59)        59           –
     3. Capital injection by other equity
          instrument holder                                     –       59,968         –          –            –              –               –     –           –     59,968           –     59,968
 (IV) Profit distribution
     1. Appropriation to surplus reserve                        –            –         –      5,251            –              –               –     –      (5,251)         –           –          –
     2. Appropriation to general reserve                        –            –         –          –        7,271              –               –     –      (7,271)         –           –          –
     3. Cash dividends                                          –            –         –          –            –              –               –     –     (15,663)   (15,663)        (69)   (15,732)


 At 31 December 2019                                       43,782       69,860   57,411      45,162       81,657          1,822         408        (3)    218,746    518,845      11,984    530,829




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           259


      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                       2020                       2019


Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before income tax                                                            36,706                      64,738


Adjustments for:
  – Credit impairment losses                                                        92,988                      62,807
  – Other impairment losses                                                           1,628                         184
  – Depreciation and amortisation                                                     7,874                      7,206
  – Losses/(gains) on disposal of property and equipment and
      other long-term assets                                                             103                       (283)
  – Gains from changes in fair value                                                    (440)                   (1,437)
  – Net gains on disposal of investment securities                                   (8,365)                   (15,480)
  – Interest expense on debt securities issued and
       other financing activities                                                   24,789                      25,584
  – Interest income from investment securities                                     (64,402)                    (64,259)


Subtotal                                                                            90,881                      79,060


Changes in operating assets:
Net (increase)/decrease in balances with central bank,
 banks and other financial institutions                                              (4,374)                    15,981
Net decrease in placements with banks and other financial
 institutions                                                                       14,038                       4,997
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets held under
 resale agreements                                                                  44,252                     (26,755)
Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                   (431,147)                  (486,081)
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets held for
 trading purposes                                                                  115,683                     (72,461)
Net decrease/(increase) in other operating assets                                     6,224                    (17,771)


Subtotal                                                                          (255,324)                  (582,090)
260 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                2020        2019


 Cash flows from operating activities (continued) :
 Changes in operating liabilities:
 Net increase/(decrease) in borrowings from central bank                       92,085    (103,051)
 Net increase in deposits from customers                                      124,086    436,796
 Net (decrease)/increase in deposits and placements from
  banks and other financial institutions                                      (92,543)    72,710
 Net (decrease)/increase in financial assets sold under
  repurchase agreements                                                       (36,532)    12,058
 Income tax paid                                                              (13,534)     (6,135)
 Net increase in other operating liabilities                                    8,479       5,725


 Subtotal                                                                      82,041    418,103


 Net cash used in operating activities                                        (82,402)    (84,927)




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020           261


                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                          Note 5                         2020                       2019


 Cash flows from investing activities:
 Proceeds from sale and redemption of investments
   and investment income                                                          1,288,984                  1,315,602
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment,
   intangible assets and other long-term assets                                         3,435                         501
 Repurchase of shares by subsidiaries                                                      (85)                          –
 Cash payment for investments                                                    (1,276,243)                (1,374,973)
 Cash payment for purchasing non-controlling interests
   in subsidiaries                                                                        (702)                          –
 Cash payment for subsidiaries and associates                                                 –                         (3)
 Cash payment for purchase of property and
   equipment, intangible assets and other
   long-term assets                                                                    (7,814)                    (8,218)


 Net cash generated from/(used in) investing
  activities                                                                            7,575                    (67,091)


 Cash flows from financing activities:
 Capital injection by holders of other equity
   instruments                                                                                –                   59,968
 Proceeds from issue of debt securities                                           1,040,440                     935,433
 Repayment of debt securities issued                                                (914,743)                  (805,232)
 Interest paid on debt securities issued                                             (12,230)                    (12,770)
 Dividends paid                                                                      (17,669)                    (15,732)
 Cash payment in other financing activities                                            (3,748)                    (3,979)


 Net cash generated from financing activities                                         92,050                    157,688


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            17,223                       5,670


 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                              144,650                    138,026
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and
    cash equivalents                                                                   (3,954)                        954


 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                   39                       157,919                    144,650


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.
262 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1 General information
     China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a national joint-stock commercial bank established in
     the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on 7 February 1996 with the approval of the State Council of
     the PRC and the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”).


     The Bank obtained the financial service certificate No. B0009H111000001 as approved by the China
     Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the former “China Banking Regulatory Commission”
     and “China Insurance Regulatory Commission”, the “CBIRC”), and the business licence as approved
     by the Beijing Administration for Industry and Commerce, the unified social credit code is No.
     91110000100018988F.


     The Bank’s A Shares and H Shares are listed in the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited, the stock codes are 600016 and 01988, respectively.


     In these consolidated financial statements, Chinese mainland refers to the PRC excluding the Hong Kong
     Special Administrative Region of the PRC (“Hong Kong”), the Macau Special Administrative Region of
     the PRC (“Macau”) and Taiwan. Overseas refers to Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and other countries and
     regions.


     The Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) mainly provide corporate and personal banking,
     treasury business, financial leasing, fund and asset management, investment banking and other financial
     services in the PRC.


     As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had 42 tier-one branches and 32 subsidiaries.

2 Summary of significant accounting policies
     The accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
     below. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.


     2.1 Basis of preparation
          (1) Statement of compliance
              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International
              Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards
              Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
              required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
              Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.622) for this financial year and the
              comparative period.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           263


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)
     (2) Basis of preparation
         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
         certain financial instruments which are measured at fair value, as explained in the accounting
         policies set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of consideration given
         in exchange for assets and that is received (or in some circumstances the amount expected to be
         paid) with respect to liabilities.


         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain
         critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process
         of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment
         or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated
         financial statements are disclosed in Note 3.


  2.2 Standards and amendments effective in 2020 relevant to and adopted by the Group
     In current period, the Group has adopted the following International Financial Reporting Standards
     (“IFRSs”) and amendments issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), that are
     mandatorily effective for current year.

     Amendments to IFRS 3                             Definition of a business
     Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                    Definition of material
     Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7          Interest rate benchmark reform

     Adoption of the above standards and amendments has no significant impact on the operating results,
     comprehensive income or financial position of the Group.


     Amendments to IFRS 3: definition of a business
     This amendment revises the definition of a business. According to feedback received by the IASB,
     application of the current guidance is commonly thought to be too complex, and it results in too
     many transactions qualifying as business combinations.


     Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: definition of material
     These amendments to IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’, and IAS 8, ‘Accounting policies,
     changes in accounting estimates and errors’, and consequential amendments to other IFRSs: i) use
     a consistent definition of materiality throughout IFRSs and the Conceptual Framework for Financial
     Reporting; ii) clarify the explanation of the definition of material; and iii) incorporate some of the
     guidance in IAS 1 about immaterial information.
264 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.2 Standards and amendments effective in 2020 relevant to and adopted by the Group
         (continued)
          Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7: Interest rate benchmark reform
          These amendments provide certain reliefs in connection with interest rate benchmark reform. The
          reliefs relate to hedge accounting requirements, and the effect that interest rate benchmark IBOR
          reform would not result in discontinuation of hedge accounting if the hedge meets other hedge
          accounting criteria. However, any hedge ineffectiveness should continue to be recorded in the
          income statement.


     2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
         current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
          In current year, the Group has not adopted the following new or amended standards issued by
          the IASB and the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), that have been issued but are not yet
          effective.

            Standards/Amendments                                                           Effective date


            Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9,               Interest rate benchmark (IBOR)     1 January 2021
              IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and                  reform
              IFRS 16
            Amendments to IAS 1                         Classification of Liabilities as   1 January 2023
                                                          Current or Non-current
            Amendments to IFRS 3                        Reference to the Conceptual        1 January 2022
                                                          Framework
            Amendments to IAS 37                        Cost of Fulfilling a Contract      1 January 2022
            Amendments to IAS 16                        Proceeds before Intended Use       1 January 2022
            Amendments to IFRS 1,                       IASB Annual Improvements           1 January 2022
             IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41                   2018 – 2020 cycle
            Amendments to IFRS 10                       Sale or Contribution of Assets     The amendments were originally
             and IAS 28                                   between An Investor and Its      intended to be effective for annual
                                                          Associate or Joint Venture       periods beginning on or after
                                                                                           1 January 2016. The effective date
                                                                                           has now been deferred.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           265


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
      current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
      (continued)
     Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16: Interest rate benchmark
     (IBOR) reform
     The IASB has issued IBOR Phase 2 amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16.


     The Phase 2 amendments provide temporary reliefs which address the financial reporting effects
     when an interbank offered rate (IBOR) is replaced with an alternative nearly risk-free interest
     rate (RFR), including: 1. For instruments to which the amortised cost measurement applies, the
     amendments require entities, as a practical expedient, to account for a change in the basis for
     determining the contractual cash flows as a result of IBOR reform by updating the effective
     interest rate using the guidance in paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS 9. As a result, no immediate gain
     or loss is recognised. 2. Require an entity to prospectively cease to apply the Phase 1 reliefs
     to a noncontractually specified risk component at the earlier of when changes are made to the
     noncontractually specified risk component, or when the hedging relationship is discontinued. 3.
     Additional temporary exceptions from applying specific hedge accounting requirement. 4. Additional
     IFRS 7 disclosure requirements related to IBOR reform. The amendments are effective for annual
     periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021, with early application permitted.


     The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the
     Group’s consolidated financial statements.


     Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
     On 23 January 2020, the IASB issued a narrow-scope amendment to IAS 1 to clarify that liabilities
     are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the
     reporting period. The amendment requires the following:


     •   Liabilities are classified as non-current if the entity has a substantive right to defer settlement
         for at least 12 months at the end of the reporting period. The amendment no longer refers to
         unconditional rights, since loans are rarely unconditional (for example, because the loan might
         contain covenants).


     •   The assessment determines whether a right exists, but it does not consider whether the entity
         will exercise the right. So, management’s expectations do not affect classification.


     •   The right to defer only exists if the entity complies with any relevant conditions at the reporting
         date. A liability is classified as current if a condition is breached at or before the reporting date
         and a waiver is obtained after the reporting date. A loan is classified as non-current if a covenant
         is breached after the reporting date.
266 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
         current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
         (continued)
          Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (continued)
          • “Settlement” is defined as the extinguishment of a liability with cash, other economic resources
                or an entity’s own equity instruments. There is an exception for convertible instruments that
                might be converted into equity, but only for those instruments where the conversion option is
                classified as an equity instrument as a separate component of a compound financial instrument.


          The amendment changes the guidance for the classification of liabilities as current or non-current.
          It could affect the classification of liabilities, particularly for entities that previously considered
          management’s intentions to determine classification and for some liabilities that can be converted
          into equity. All entities should reconsider their existing classification in the light of the amendment
          and determine whether any changes are required. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the
          amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


          Amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework
          The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework. The amendments
          have updated IFRS 3, ‘Business combinations’, to refer to the 2018 Conceptual Framework for
          Financial Reporting, in order to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability in a business
          combination. In addition, the Board added a new exception in IFRS 3 for liabilities and contingent
          liabilities. The Board has also clarified that the acquirer should not recognise contingent assets, as
          defined in IAS 37, at the acquisition date. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments
          will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


          Amendments to IAS 37: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
          The IASB issued amendments to IAS 37: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract. The amendments clarify
          the meaning of ‘costs to fulfil a contract’, they explain that the direct cost of fulfilling a contract
          comprises: the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract and; an allocation of other costs that relate
          directly to fulfilling contracts. The amendments also clarify that, before a separate provision for an
          onerous contract is established, an entity recognises any impairment loss that has occurred on assets
          used in fulfilling the contract, rather than on assets dedicated to that contract. The amendments
          could result in the recognition of more onerous contract provisions, because previously some entities
          only included incremental costs in the costs to fulfil a contract. The Group anticipates that the
          adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           267


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective in
      current year and have not been adopted before their effective dates by the Group
      (continued)
     Amendments to IAS 16: Proceeds before Intended Use
     The IASB issued amendments to IAS 16: Proceeds before Intended Use. The amendments prohibit
     an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds
     received from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. The
     amendment also clarifies that an entity is ‘testing whether the asset is functioning properly’ when it
     assesses the technical and physical performance of the asset. The financial performance of the asset
     is not relevant to this assessment. An asset might therefore be capable of operating as intended by
     management and subject to depreciation before it has achieved the level of operating performance
     expected by management. The amendment requires entities to separately disclose the amounts
     of proceeds and costs relating to items produced that are not an output of the entity’s ordinary
     activities. An entity should also disclose the line item in the statement of comprehensive income
     where the proceeds are included. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will
     not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


     Annual improvements 2018-2020 cycle (IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41)
     The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16 and IAS 41: Annual improvements 2018-
     2020 cycle, which include fees included in the 10% test for derecognition of financial liabilities,
     illustrative examples accompanying IFRS 16, ‘Leases’, subsidiary as a first-time adopter and taxation
     in fair value measurements. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have
     a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between An Investor and
     Its Associate or Joint Venture
     The IASB has made limited scope amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated financial statements and IAS
     28 Investments in associates and joint ventures.


     The amendments clarify the accounting treatment for sales or contribution of assets between an
     investor and its associates or joint ventures. They confirm that the accounting treatment depends
     on whether the nonmonetary assets sold or contributed to an associate or joint venture constitute a
     ‘business’ (as defined in IFRS 3 Business Combinations).


     Where the non-monetary assets constitute a business, the investor will recognise the full gain or
     loss on the sale or contribution of assets. If the assets do not meet the definition of a business, the
     gain or loss is recognised by the investor only to the extent of the other investor’s interests in the
     associate or joint venture. The amendments apply prospectively.


     In December 2015 the IASB decided to defer the application date of this amendment until such time
     as the IASB has finalised its research project on the equity method.


     The adoption of the amendments does not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
     financial statements.
268 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.4 Consolidation
          (1) Basis of consolidation
              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Bank and its
              subsidiaries as well as structured entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity
              when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the
              entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.


                Income and expense of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the
                consolidated income statement from the date of acquisition or up to the date on which control
                ceases, respectively.


                Adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries, where appropriate, to
                consistently reflect the accounting policies of the Group.


                All intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions are eliminated.
                Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
                of the transferred asset.


                Non-controlling interests of consolidated subsidiaries are presented separately from the
                controlling party’s equity therein.


                The carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial
                recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity. Further,
                total comprehensive income of a subsidiary is attributed, based on the proportion of their
                respective holdings, to the equity holders of the Bank and to the non-controlling interests, even if
                this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


                In the Bank’s statement of financial position, its investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost,
                less impairment losses, if any.


          (2) Business combinations
              Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
              transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum
              of the acquisition date fair value of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred or
              assumed by the Group, and any equity interests issued by the Group. Acquisition related costs
              are recognised in the consolidated income statement as incurred.


                At the acquisition date, irrespective of non-controlling interests, the identifiable assets acquired
                and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values; except that
                deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 – Income Taxes and IAS 19 – Employee
                Benefits, respectively.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           269


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.4 Consolidation (continued)
     (2) Business combinations (continued)
         Goodwill is measured as the excess of the difference between (i) the consideration transferred,
         the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the Group’s
         previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) and (ii) the net fair value of the identifiable
         assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities incurred or assumed.


         Non-controlling interests that represent ownership interests in the acquiree, and entitle their
         holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are
         accounted for at either fair value or the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share in the
         recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis
         is made on a transaction by transaction basis.


     (3) Goodwill
         Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition less the fair value of the Group’s
         share of the net identifiable assets of acquired subsidiaries and associates at the date of
         acquisition. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is presented separately in the consolidated
         statement of financial position. Goodwill on acquisition of associates is included in investment in
         associates.


         For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s
         cash-generating units (“CGU”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies
         of the business combination.


         A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely
         independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.


         A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
         when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU,
         which is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use, is less than its carrying
         amount, the deficit, reflecting an impairment loss, is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
         of any goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other assets of the CGU on a pro-rata
         basis, based on the carrying amount of each asset in the CGU. Any goodwill impairment loss is
         recognised directly in the consolidated income statement. An impairment loss recognised for
         goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.


     (4) Investment in associate
         An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a
         subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
         financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but does not constitute control or joint
         control over those policy decisions.
270 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.4 Consolidation (continued)
          (4) Investment in associate (continued)
              The post-acquisition profit or loss of an associate is incorporated in the consolidated financial
              statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, investment in an
              associate is initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
              the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When the Group’s share of
              loss of an associate equals or exceeds its interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
              interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group
              discontinues recognizing its share of further loss. Additional loss is recognised only to the extent
              that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of that
              associate.


                At the end of each reporting period, the Group considers whether there are circumstances that
                indicate the possibility of impairment of the Group’s investment in an associate; when that is the
                case, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment
                in accordance with IAS 36 – Impairment of Assets, as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
                amount (the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use) with its carrying amount, any
                impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of
                an impairment loss is recognised, to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment
                subsequently increases.


                When an entity in the Group transacts with the Group’s associate, profits and losses resulting
                from the transaction are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the
                extent of the interest in the associate that are not related to the Group. Unrealised losses are
                eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.


     2.5 Interest income and expenses
          Interest income and expenses of financial instruments are calculated using the effective interest
          method and included in the current profit and loss.


          The Group uses the effective interest method to calculate the interest income and expenses of
          financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost, presented as “interest income” and
          “interest expenses” respectively. For specific accounting policies, please refer to the Note 2.10(4)
          subsequent measurement of financial instruments.


     2.6 Fee and commission income
          Fee and commission income is recognised when the Group fulfils its performance obligation, either
          over time or at a point in time when a customer obtains control of the service.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           271


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.6 Fee and commission income (continued)
     For the performance obligations satisfied at a point in time, the Group recognises revenue when
     control is passed to the customer at a certain point in time, including insurance agency fee, merchant
     acquiring service fee, settlement and clearing services and bond underwriting fee, etc. For the
     performance obligations satisfied over time, the Group recognises revenue according to the progress
     toward satisfaction of the obligation over the time, including consultancy and advisory fee and
     custodial fee, etc.


  2.7 Foreign currency translations
     The functional currency of the Domestic Operations is RMB. The presentation currency of the Group
     and the Bank is RMB.


     In preparing the financial statements of each individual Group entity, transactions in currencies
     other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recorded in the respective
     functional currency (i.e. the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity
     operates) at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of the
     reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
     prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
     currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
     Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
     monetary items, are recognised in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they
     arise, except for the following:


     (1) Exchange differences arising on a monetary item that forms part of the Bank’s net investment in
         the Overseas Operations;


     (2) Changes in the fair value of monetary assets denominated in foreign currency classified as
         financial investments at fair value through comprehensive income are analysed between
         translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the monetary assets and
         other changes in the carrying amount. Translation differences related to changes in the amortised
         cost are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in the carrying
         amount are recognised in other comprehensive income.


     Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are
     included in the consolidated income statement for the period except for exchange differences arising
     on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised
     directly in other comprehensive income, in which cases, the exchange differences are also
     recognised directly in other comprehensive income.
272 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.7 Foreign currency translations (continued)
          For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of
          the Group’s Overseas Operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group at the
          rate of exchange prevailing at the end of the reporting period, and their income and expenses are
          translated at exchange rates at the date of the transactions, or a rate that approximates the exchange
          rates of the date of the transaction. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other
          comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the foreign currency translation reserve and
          non-controlling interests, as appropriate. The accumulated foreign currency translation reserve related
          to the Overseas Operations will be reclassified from equity to the consolidated income statement on
          disposal of all or part of the Overseas Operations.


     2.8 Income tax
          Current income tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates
          enacted or substantially enacted at the end of each reporting period, and any adjustment to tax
          payable in respect of previous periods.


          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences
          respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
          reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax also arises from unused tax losses and unused
          tax credits. A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
          profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised.


          At the end of each reporting period, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are measured
          at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability
          is settled according to the requirements of tax laws. The Group also considers the possibility of
          realisation and the settlement of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities in the calculation.


          Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred
          tax liabilities if the Group has the legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current
          tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same
          taxation authority on the same taxable entity. Otherwise, the balances of deferred tax assets and
          deferred tax liabilities, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and are not
          offset.


          Current income tax and movements in deferred tax balances are recognised in profit or loss except
          to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
          in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
          in equity, respectively.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2020           273


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.9 Employee benefits
     (1) Short-term employee benefits
         In the reporting period in which an employee has rendered services, the Group recognises the
         short-term employee benefits payable for those services as a liability with a corresponding
         increase in the expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, including salaries,
         bonuses, allowance, staff welfare, medical insurance, employment injury insurance, maternity
         insurance, housing funds as well as labour union fee and staff and workers’ education fee.


     (2) Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans
         The Group’s post-employment benefits are primarily the payments for basic pension fund and
         unemployment insurance related to government mandated social welfare programs, as well
         as the annuity scheme established. The contribution amounts to the basic pension plan and
         unemployment insurance program are calculated based on the benchmarks and ratios stipulated
         by the state. In accordance with relevant annuity policies of the state, the Bank and some
         subsidiaries have also established supplementary defined contribution retirement plans, or
         annuity plans, for their qualified employees.


         Contributions to the post-employment benefits plans are recognised in the consolidated
         statement of profit or loss for the period in which the related payment obligation is incurred.


  2.10 Financial instruments
     (1) Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the
         contractual provisions of the instrument.


         Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
         which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.


         At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value
         plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or
         loss, transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of
         the financial asset or financial liability. Transaction costs of financial assets and financial liabilities
         carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.
274 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (1) Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (continued)
              (a) Financial assets
                     Financial assets are classified in the following measurement categories based on the Group’s
                     business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the assets:


                     •     Amortised cost (“AC”);


                     •     Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or

                     •     Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).


                     The business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to generate cash
                     flows. That is, whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual cash flows
                     from the assets or is to collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from
                     the sale of assets. If neither of these is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held for trading
                     purposes), then the financial assets are classified as part of “other” business model and
                     measured at FVPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for
                     a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were
                     collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to key management
                     personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.


                     Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to collect
                     contractual cash flows and sell, the Group assesses whether the financial instruments’
                     cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”). In making this
                     assessment, the Group considers whether the contractual cash flows are consistent with
                     a basic lending arrangement i.e. interest includes only consideration for the time value of
                     money, credit risk, other basic leading risks and a profit margin that is consistent with a basic
                     lending arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that
                     are inconsistent with a basic leading arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and
                     measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                     Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                     whether their cash flows are SPPI.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           275


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
     (1) Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (continued)
         (a) Financial assets (continued)
            The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described as
            below:


            Debt instruments
            Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability
            from the issuer’s perspective, such as loans, government and corporate bonds. Classification
            and measurement of debt instruments depend on the Group’s business models for managing
            the asset and the cash flow characteristics of asset.


            Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following
            three measurement categories:


            •   AC: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at amortised cost.


            •   FVOCI: Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for
                selling the assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent SPPI, and that are not
                designated at FVPL, are measured at FVOCI.


            •   FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at
                FVPL.


            The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVPL if doing so significantly
            reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on
            different bases.


            Equity instruments
            Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s
            perspective; that is, instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay and
            that evidence a residual interest in the issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity instruments
            include basic ordinary shares.


            The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at FVPL, except where the Group’s
            management has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment
            at FVOCI.
276 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (1) Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (continued)
              (b) Financial liabilities
                     The Group’s financial liabilities are classified into financial liabilities at FVPL and other financial
                     liabilities carried at amortised cost on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVPL is applied
                     to derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated as such at
                     initial recognition.


                     The Group may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at
                     fair value through profit or loss when doing so results in more relevant information, because
                     either:


                     •     it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
                           would otherwise arise; or


                     •     a group of financial liabilities or financial assets and financial liabilities is managed and
                           its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented
                           risk management or investment strategy, and information about the Group is provided
                           internally on that basis to the entity’s key management personnel.


                     •     The financial liability contains one or more embedded derivatives which significantly
                           modify the cash flows otherwise required.


                     Financial liabilities arising from the transfer of financial assets which did not qualify for
                     derecognition, whereby a financial liability is recognised for the consideration received for the
                     transfer. In subsequent periods, the Group recognises any expenses incurred on the financial
                     liability.


          (2) Reclassification of financial assets
              When the Group changes the business model for managing its financial assets, it shall reclassify
              all affected financial assets, and apply the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification
              date. The Group does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment
              gains or losses) or interest. Reclassification date is the first day of the first reporting period
              following the change in business model that results in the Group reclassifying financial assets.


          (3) Determination of fair value
              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
              orderly transaction in the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date
              under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price) regardless of whether that price is directly
              observable or estimated using another valuation technique.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           277


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
     (3) Determination of fair value (continued)
         For financial instruments traded in active markets, the determination of fair values of financial
         assets and financial liabilities is based on quoted market prices. This includes listed equity
         securities and quoted debt instruments on major exchanges.


        A financial instrument is regarded as quoted in an active market if quoted prices are readily and
        regularly available from an exchange, industry group, pricing service or regulatory agency, and
        those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length
        basis. If the above criteria are not met, the market is regarded as being inactive. Indications
        that a market is inactive are when there is a wide bid-offer spread or significant increase in the
        bid-offer spread or there are few recent transactions.


        For financial instruments not traded in active markets, fair value is determined using appropriate
        valuation techniques. Valuation techniques include the use of recent transaction prices,
        discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and others commonly used by market
        participants. These valuation techniques include the use of observable and/or unobservable
        inputs.


     (4) Subsequent measurement of financial instruments
         Subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on the categories:


        (a) Amortised cost
            The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is
            measured at initial recognition: (i) minus the principal repayments; (ii) plus or minus the
            cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between
            that initial amount and the maturity amount; (iii) for financial assets, adjusted for any loss
            allowance.


            Interest income and interest expenses from these financial assets is included in “Interest
            income” and “interest expenses” using the effective interest rate method.


            The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments
            or receipts through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross
            carrying amount of a financial asset (i.e. its amortised cost before any impairment allowance)
            or to the amortised cost of a financial liability. The calculation does not consider expected
            credit losses (“ECL”) and includes transaction costs, premiums or discounts and fees and
            points paid or received that are integral to the effective interest rate. For purchased or
            originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) financial assets (definition on Note 10.2(3)), the Group
            calculates the credit-adjusted effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the
            amortised cost of the financial asset instead of its gross carrying amount and incorporates
            the impact of expected credit losses in estimated future cash flows.
278 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (4) Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (continued)
              (a) Amortised cost (continued)
                     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                     amount of financial assets and is included in “Interest income”, except for:


                     •     POCI financial assets, whose interest income is calculated, since initial recognition, by
                           applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortised cost; and


                     •     financial assets that are not POCI but have subsequently become credit-impaired, whose
                           interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortised
                           cost (i.e. net of the expected credit loss provision). If, in a subsequent period, the
                           financial assets improve their qualities so that they are no longer credit-impaired and
                           the improvement in credit quality is related objectively to a certain event occurring after
                           the application of the above-mentioned rules, then the interest income is calculated by
                           applying the effective interest rate to their gross carrying amount.


                (b) Fair value through other comprehensive income
                     Debt instruments
                     Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income (“OCI”),
                     except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue and foreign
                     exchange gains and losses on the instrument’s amortised cost which are recognised in profit
                     or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously
                     recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss. Interest income from these
                     financial assets is included in “Interest income” using the effective interest rate method.

                     Equity instruments
                     The equity instrument investments that are not held for trading are designated as FVOCI.
                     When this election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are
                     not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, including on disposal. Dividends, when
                     representing a return on such investments, continue to be recognised in profit or loss as
                     investment income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.


                (c) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value and a gain or loss
                     on a financial asset that is measured at fair value should be recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           279


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
     (4) Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (continued)
         (d) Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
            Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value with all gains or losses recognised in
            the profit or loss of the current period, except for financial liabilities designated as at fair
            value through profit or loss, where gains or losses on the financial liabilities are treated as
            follows:


            •   changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the Group’s own credit
                risk are recognised in other comprehensive income; and

            •   other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognised in profit or loss of
                the current period. If the accounting of changes in the credit risk of the financial liabilities
                in accordance with the above paragraph will create or enlarge accounting mismatches
                in profit or loss, the Group recognises all gains or losses on such financial liabilities
                (including amounts arising from changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss of the
                current period.


            When the liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss is derecognised,
            the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is
            reclassified from equity to retained earnings.


     (5) Impairment of financial instruments
         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument
         assets carried at amortised cost and FVOCI and exposures arising from some loan commitments
         and financial guarantee contracts.


        ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as
        the weights. Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the
        Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
        which are all cash shortfalls, discounted at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted
        effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).


        The Group measures ECL of a financial instrument reflects:


        (a) An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of
            possible outcomes;


        (b) The time value of money; and
280 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (5) Impairment of financial instruments (continued)
              (c) Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at
                  the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic
                  conditions.


                     For financial instruments whose impairment losses are measured using the ECL models,
                     the Group assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their initial
                     recognition, and applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment
                     allowance and recognise their ECL, as follows:


                     •     Stage 1: If the credit risk has not increased significantly since its initial recognition, the
                           financial asset is included in stage 1.


                     •     Stage 2: If the credit risk has increased significantly since its initial recognition but is
                           not yet deemed to be credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved to Stage 2. The
                           description of how the Group determines when a significant increase in credit risk has
                           occurred is disclosed in Note 10.2(3).


                     •     Stage 3: If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then
                           moved to Stage 3. The definition of credit-impaired financial assets is disclosed in Note
                           10.2(3).


                     Financial instruments in Stage I have their ECL measured at an amount equivalent to the ECL
                     of the financial asset for the next 12 months (“12m ECL”). Financial instruments in Stage II
                     or Stage III have their ECL measured at an amount equivalent to the ECL over the lifetime
                     of the financial instruments (“Lifetime ECL”). The description of inputs, assumptions and
                     estimation techniques used in measuring the ECL is disclosed in Note 10.2(3).


                     The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of
                     a loss allowance for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI. The loss allowance is
                     recognised in other comprehensive income and the impairment loss is recognised in profit or
                     loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statement of
                     financial position.


                     If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument other than POCI
                     at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses in the previous reporting period, but
                     determines at the current reporting date that the credit risk on the financial instruments has
                     increased significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, the Group measures the loss
                     allowance at an amount equal to 12-month expected credit losses at the current reporting
                     date and the amount of expected credit losses reversal is recognised in profit or loss. For
                     POCI financial assets, at the reporting date, the Group only recognises the cumulative
                     changes in lifetime expected credit losses since initial recognition.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           281


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
     (6) Modification of loans
         The Group sometimes renegotiates or otherwise modifies the contractual cash flows of loans to
         customers. When this happens, the Group assesses whether the new terms are substantially
         different to the original terms.


         If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognises the original financial asset and
         recognises a new asset at fair value and recalculates a new effective interest rate for the asset.
         The date of renegotiation is consequently considered to be the date of initial recognition for
         impairment calculation purposes, including for the purpose of determining whether a significant
         increase in credit risk has occurred. However, the Group also assesses whether the new
         financial asset recognised is deemed to be credit-impaired at initial recognition, especially in
         circumstances where the renegotiation was driven by the debtor being unable to make the
         originally agreed payments. Differences in the carrying amount are also recognised in profit or
         loss as a gain or loss on derecognition.


         If the terms are not substantially different, the renegotiation or modification does not result in
         derecognition, and the Group recalculates the gross carrying amount based on the revised cash
         flows of the financial asset and recognises a modification gain or loss in profit or loss. The new
         gross carrying amount is recalculated by discounting the modified cash flows at the original
         effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).


     (7) Derecognition
         The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
         from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
         rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
         substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred
         asset, the Group continues to recognise the asset to the extent of its continuing involvement and
         recognises an associated liability. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
         ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset
         and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


         On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the asset’s carrying
         amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable and, where applicable,
         the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income and
         accumulated in equity is recognised in the consolidated income statement.


         Financial liabilities are derecognised when the related obligation is discharged, is cancelled or
         expires. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and
         the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the consolidated income statement.
282 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (8) Equity instruments
              An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group
              after deducting all of its liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if,
              both conditions (i) and (ii) below are met:


                (i)   The financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial
                      asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another
                      entity under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and


                (ii) If the financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is
                     a non-derivative instrument that includes no contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a
                     variable number of its own equity instruments; or a derivative that will be settled only by the
                     Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of its
                     own equity instruments.


                Equity instruments issued by the Group are recorded at the fair value of proceeds received, net
                of direct issuance expenses.


          (9) Derivative financial instruments
              Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into
              and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
              resulting gain or loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement.


                Certain derivatives are embedded in hybrid contracts, such as the conversion option in a
                convertible bond. If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset, then the Group
                assesses the entire contract as described in the financial assets section above for classification
                and measurement purposes. Otherwise, the embedded derivatives are treated as separate
                derivatives when:


                (a) Their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contract;


                (b) A separate instrument with the same terms would meet the definition of a derivative; and


                (c) The hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                These embedded derivatives are separately accounted for at fair value, with changes in fair value
                recognised in the statement of profit or loss unless the Group chooses to designate the hybrid
                contracts at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           283


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
     (10)Hedge accounting
         The Group uses cash flow hedge accounting and fair value hedge accounting. The Group
         documents, at inception, the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as
         well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.
         The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of
         whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting
         changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. The Group assess the hedge effectiveness
         both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis.


        (a) Cash flow hedge
            Cash flow hedge is a hedge of the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable
            to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability (such as all or some future
            interest payments on variable rate debt) or a highly probable forecast transaction that could
            ultimately affect the profit or loss.


            The effective portion of changes in the fair value of hedging instruments that are designated
            and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated in equity in the “other comprehensive income”. The ineffective portion is
            recognised immediately in the profit or loss. Amounts accumulated in equity are reclassified
            to the profit or loss in the same periods when the hedged item affects the profit or loss.


            When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or the hedge designation is revoked or when a
            hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss on the
            hedging instrument existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is reclassified to the
            profit or loss when the forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction
            is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss existing in equity is immediately
            transferred to the profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to
            occur, the cumulative gain or loss existing in other comprehensive income is immediately
            transferred to the profit or loss.


        (b) Fair value hedge
            Fair value hedge is a hedge of the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognised asset
            or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset,
            liability or firm commitment, that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect profit or
            loss.


            The changes in fair value of hedging instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value
            hedges are recorded in profit or loss, together with the changes in fair value of the hedged
            item attributable to the hedged risk. The net difference is recognised as ineffectiveness in
            the profit or loss.
284 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.10 Financial instruments (continued)
          (10)Hedge accounting (continued)
              (b) Fair value hedge (continued)
                     If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, the adjustment to the carrying
                     amount of a hedged item for which the effective interest method is used is amortised to
                     profit or loss over the period to maturity. If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised
                     carrying value adjustment is recognised immediately in the profit or loss.


          (11)Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated
              statement of financial position when both of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) the Group
              has a legal right to set off the recognised amounts and the legal right is currently enforceable;
              and (ii) the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the financial asset and
              settle the financial liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
              on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of
              default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.


          (12)Repurchase agreements and agreements to resell
              Financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with repurchase agreements, involving
              fixed repurchase dates and prices, are not derecognised. They continue to be recorded as
              investments or debt instruments as appropriate. The corresponding liability is included in financial
              assets sold under repurchase agreements. The items which are not derecognised are disclosed
              in Note 6.3 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments – Collateral.


                Consideration paid for financial assets held under agreements to resell are recorded as Financial
                assets held under resale agreements, the related collateral accepted is not recognised in the
                consolidated financial statements (Note 6.3 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments – Collateral).


                The difference between the purchase and sale price is recognised as interest expense or income
                in the consolidated income statement over the term of the agreements using the effective
                interest method.


     2.11 Precious metals
          Precious metals comprise gold, silver and other precious metals.


          Precious metals that are related to the Group’s trading activities are initially recognised at fair value,
          with changes in fair value arising from re-measurement recognised directly in the consolidated
          income statement in the period in which they arise.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           285


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.12 Property and equipment
     Property and equipment including buildings held for use in the supply of services, or for
     administrative purpose (other than construction in progress) are stated in the consolidated statement
     of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
     losses, if any. When the costs attributable to the land use rights cannot be reliably measured and
     separated from that of the building at inception, the costs are included in the cost of buildings and
     recorded in property and equipment.


     Subsequent expenditure incurred for the property and equipment (other than construction in progress)
     is included in the cost of the property and equipment (other than construction in progress) if it is
     probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and the subsequent
     expenditure can be measured, and the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. Other
     subsequent expenditure is recognised in the consolidated income statement in the period in which
     they are incurred.


     Depreciation is recognised as a component of operating expenses in the consolidated income
     statement so as to recognise the consumption of the economic value of property and equipment
     (other than construction in progress), less their estimated residual values, over their estimated useful
     lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
     rates are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
     accounted for on a prospective basis.


     The useful lives, estimated residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of each class of
     property and equipment are as follows:

                                                                                                            Annual
                                                       Estimated         Estimated net                 depreciation
                                                      useful lives       residual value                       rates


      Buildings                                      20 – 30 years                      5%         3.17% – 4.75%
      Office equipment and others                     5 – 20 years                      5%        4.75% – 19.00%
      Motor vehicles                                       5 years                      5%                19.00%
      Operating lease fixed assets                    5 – 30 years                   5-15%        2.83% – 19.00%


     Properties in the course of construction for supply of services or administrative purposes are carried
     at cost, as construction in progress, less any impairment loss. Construction in progress is reclassified
     to the appropriate category of property and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
     Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property and equipment, commences when
     the assets are ready for their intended use.
286 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.12 Property and equipment (continued)
          An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
          benefits are expected to arise from its continued use. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or
          retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
          proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in other operating income or
          operating expenses in the consolidated income statement. The accounting policies of impairment of
          property and equipment are included in Note 2.19 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other
          than goodwill.


     2.13 Land use rights
          Land use rights are classified in Right-of-use assets and amortised over a straight-line basis over their
          authorised useful lives.


     2.14 Foreclosed assets
          Foreclosed assets are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at the lower of
          their carrying amount and fair value, less costs to sell, at the end of each reporting period. When the
          fair value, less costs to sell, is lower than a foreclosed asset’s carrying amount, an impairment loss is
          recognised in the consolidated income statement.


          Any gain or loss arising on the disposal of the foreclosed asset is included in the consolidated income
          statement in the period in which the item is disposed.


          The Group disposes of foreclosed assets through various means. In principle, foreclosed assets
          should not be transferred for own use, but, in the event that they are needed for the Group’s own
          business or management purposes, they are transferred at their net carrying amounts and managed
          as newly acquired property and equipment.


     2.15 Investment property
          Investment property is property held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation, or both.


          Investment property is initially measured at its acquisition cost. Subsequent expenditure incurred
          for the investment property is included in the cost of the investment property if it is probable that
          economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and the subsequent expenditure
          can be measured reliably. Other subsequent expenditure is recognised in the consolidated income
          statement in the period in which they are incurred.


          Investment properties are measured using the cost model. Depreciation and amortisation are
          recognised the same way as property and equipment and land use rights.


          The accounting policies of impairment of investment property are included in Note 2.19 Impairment
          of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2020           287


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.15 Investment property (continued)
     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the investment property is
     increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount had no impairment loss been recognised. A reversal of
     an impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement.


     When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognises the
     amount of any proceeds on disposal, net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the
     consolidated income statement.


  2.16 Leases
     (1) Identifying a lease
         A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
         identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


     (2) Lessee
         At the commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.


         The Group measures the right-of-use asset at cost. The cost of the right-of-use asset comprises:


         –      The amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


         –      Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                received;


         –      Any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee;


         –      An estimate of costs to be incurred in dismantling and removing the underlying asset,
                restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition
                required by the terms and conditions of the lease.


         The Group measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not
         paid at that date. The lease payments include in the measurement of the lease liability comprise
         the following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are
         not paid at the commencement date:


         –      Fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable;


         –      Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
                or rate as at the commencement date;
288 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.16 Leases (continued)
          (2) Lessee (continued)
              – Amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;


                –    The exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that
                     option;


                –    Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                     exercising an option to terminate the lease.


          (3) Recognition exemptions
              The Group elects not to apply the requirements above to:


                –    Short-term leases;


                –    Lease for which the underlying asset is of low value.


                The Group recognises the lease payments associated with those leases as an expense on a
                straight-line basis over the lease term.


          (4) Lessor
              A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
              incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. An operating lease is a lease other than a finance
              lease.


                (a) Operating leases
                     The Group recognises lease payments from operating leases as income on a straight-line
                     basis, and recognises costs, including depreciation, incurred in earning the lease income as
                     an expense. The Group adds initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease to the
                     carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognise those costs as an expense over the
                     lease term on the same basis as the lease income.


                (b) Finance leases
                     At the commencement date, the Group recognises assets held under a finance lease in its
                     statement of financial position and presents them as a receivable at an amount equal to the
                     net investment in the lease.

     2.17 Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and on hand, unrestricted balances held with central
          banks and highly liquid financial assets with maturities of three months or less from the acquisition
          date that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           289


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.18 Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately and with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment loss. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite
     useful lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives which generally
     range from 5 to 20 years.


     Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortised, but are subject to annual impairment
     assessment.


     Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference
     between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the
     consolidated income statement.


  2.19 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets other than goodwill
     At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and
     intangible assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an
     impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in
     order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The recoverable amount is the higher of
     the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use.


     If the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised in the
     consolidated income statement.


     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to
     the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount
     does not exceed the carrying amount had no impairment loss been recognised. A reversal of an
     impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement.


  2.20 Dividend distribution
     Dividend distribution to the Bank’s ordinary equity holders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
     and the Bank’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the ordinary
     equity holders in the annual general meeting of the Bank.


     As authorised by the ordinary equity holders in the annual general meeting, the Board of Directors
     has the sole discretion to declare and distribute dividends on preference shares and perpetual bonds.
     Preference shares and perpetual bonds dividend distribution is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
     and the Bank’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Board
     of Directors of the Bank.
290 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.21 Provisions
          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event, and
          it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate can be
          made of the amount of the obligation.


          Provisions are measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
          obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
          surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle
          the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.


     2.22 Fiduciary activities
          The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
          customers in accordance with custody agreements between the Group and securities investment
          funds, social security funds, insurance companies, trust companies, qualified foreign institutional
          investors, annuity schemes and other institutions and individuals. The Group receives fees in return
          for its services provided under the custody agreements and does not have any interest in the
          economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore, assets under custody are not
          recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


          The Group conducts entrusted lending arrangements for its customers. Under the terms of entrusted
          loan arrangements, the Group grants loans to borrowers, as an intermediary, according to the
          instruction of its customers who are the lenders providing funds for the entrusted loans. The Group
          is responsible for the arrangement and collection of the entrusted loans and receives a commission
          for the services rendered. As the Group does not assume the economic risks and rewards of the
          entrusted loans and the funding for the corresponding entrusted funds, they are not recognised as
          assets and liabilities of the Group.


     2.23 Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments
          A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to
          reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due,
          in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.


          Financial guarantees are initially recognised at fair value on the date the guarantee was given.
          Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group’s liabilities under such guarantees are measured at
          the higher of the initial amount, less amortisation of guarantee fees, and the expected credit loss
          provision required to settle the guarantee. Any increase in the liability relating to guarantees is taken
          to the consolidated income statement.


          The impairment allowance of loan commitments provided by the Group is measured using ECL
          models. The Group has not provided any commitment to provide loans at a below-market interest
          rate, or that can be settled net in cash or by delivering or issuing another financial instrument.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           291


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
  2.23 Financial guarantee contracts and loan commitments (continued)
     For loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, the loss allowance is recognised as a
     provision. However, for contracts that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment and the
     Group cannot separately identify the expected credit losses on the undrawn commitment component
     from those on the loan component, the expected credit losses on the undrawn commitment are
     recognised together with the loss allowance for the loan. To the extent that the combined expected
     credit losses exceed the gross carrying amount of the loan, the expected credit losses are recognised
     as a provision.


  2.24 Contingent liabilities
     A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will
     only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not
     wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events
     that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of economic resources will be
     required or the amount of obligation cannot be measured reliably.


     A contingent liability is not recognised, but disclosed, unless the possibility of an outflow of
     resources embodying economic benefits is probable. The Group’s contingent liabilities are disclosed
     in Note 6 Contingent liabilities and commitments.


     A provision is recognised when it meets the criteria as set forth in Note 2.21 Provisions.


  2.25 Related parties
     (1) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:


         a   has control or joint control over the Group;


         b   has significant influence over the Group; or


         c   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group.


     (2) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:


         a   The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
             subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);


         b   One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture
             of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);


         c   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
292 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


2 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
     2.25 Related parties (continued)
          (2) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies (continued) :


                d    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                     entity;


                e    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (1);


                f    A person identified in (1)(a) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                     management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


     2.26 Operating segment
          The Group determines its operating segments on the basis of its internal organisational structure,
          management requirements and internal reporting practices.


          An operating segment is a component of the Group that meets all the following requirements: (i)
          it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including
          revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the Group; (ii) its operating
          results are regularly reviewed by the Group’s chief operating decision maker to make decisions
          about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and (iii) separate
          financial information is available. The operating segments that meet the specified criteria have been
          aggregated, and the operating segment that meets quantitative thresholds have been reported
          separately.


          The reports on an operating segment are consistent with those internal reports submitted to the
          chief operating decision maker.


3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, management is
     required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities. The estimates and related assumptions are based on historical experience and other relevant
     factors including reasonable expectations for future events.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in future periods as
     appropriate.


     The following are the critical judgments and key estimates management has made in the process of
     applying the Group’s accounting policies that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next twelve months.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           293


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  3.1 Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
     The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for financial assets measured at amortised
     cost and FVOCI and for exposures arising from some loan commitments and financial guarantee
     contracts, is an area that requires the use of complex models and significant assumptions about
     future economic conditions and credit behaviour (the likelihood of customers defaulting and
     the resulting losses). Explanation of the inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques used in
     measuring ECL is further detailed in Note 10.2 Credit risk.


  3.2 Classification of financial assets
     The critical judgments the Group has made in determining the classification of financial assets include
     analysis of business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows.


     The Group determines the business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial
     asset portfolio. The factors considered include how the asset’s performance is evaluated and
     reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are
     compensated.


     When assessing whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic
     lending arrangement, the Group has the following main judgments: Whether the principal may be
     subject to change in the duration or amount of money due to prepayments during the duration;
     whether interests only included time value of money, credit risk, other basic borrowing risks, and
     considerations for costs and profits. For example, whether the amount paid in advance reflect
     only the outstanding principal and interest on the outstanding principal, as well as reasonable
     compensation for early termination of the contract.

  3.3 Fair value of financial instruments
     The Group uses valuation techniques to estimate the fair value of financial instruments which are
     not quoted in an active market. These valuation techniques include the use of recent transaction
     prices of the same or similar instruments, discounted cash flow analysis and generally accepted
     pricing models. To the extent practical, market observable inputs and data, such as interest rate yield
     curves, foreign currency rates and implied option volatilities, are used when estimating fair value
     through a valuation technique. Where market observable inputs are not available, they are estimated
     using assumptions that are calibrated as closely as possible to market observable data. However,
     areas such as the credit risk of the Group and the counterparty, liquidity, volatilities and correlations
     require management to make estimates. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect
     the estimated fair value of financial instruments.
294 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
     3.4 Taxes
          There are certain transactions and activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business for
          which the ultimate tax effect is uncertain. The Group made certain estimation and judgement for
          items of uncertainty in the application of tax legislations, taking into account existing tax legislation
          and past practice of tax authorities. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from
          the amounts that were initially estimated, based on management’s assessment, such differences
          will affect the current income tax and deferred income tax during the period in which such a
          determination is made.


     3.5 Consolidation of structured entities
          Where the Group acts as asset manager of or investor in structured entities, the Group makes
          significant judgement on whether the Group controls and should consolidate these structured
          entities. When performing this assessment, the Group assesses the Group’s contractual rights and
          obligations in light of the transaction structures, and evaluates the Group’s power over the structured
          entities, performs analysis and tests on the variable returns from the structured entities, including
          but not limited to commission income and asset management fees earned as the asset manager, the
          retention of residual income, and, if any, the liquidity and other support provided to the structured
          entities. The Group also assesses whether it acts as a principal or an agent through analysis of the
          scope of its decision-making authority over the structured entities, the remuneration to which it is
          entitled for asset management services, the Group’s exposure to variability of returns from its other
          interests in the structured entities, and the rights held by other parties in the structured entities.


     3.6 Derecognition of financial assets
          In its normal course of business, the Group transfers its financial assets through various types of
          transactions including regular way sales and transfers, securitisation, financial assets sold under
          repurchase agreements, securities lending. The Group applies significant judgement in assessing
          whether it has transferred these financial assets which qualify for a full or partial derecognition.


          Where the Group enters into structured transactions by which it transfers financial assets to
          structured entities, the Group analyses whether the substance of the relationship between the Group
          and these structured entities indicates that it controls these structured entities to determine whether
          the Group needs to consolidate these structured entities. This will determine whether the following
          derecognition analysis should be conducted at the consolidated level or at the entity level from which
          the financial assets are transferred.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020           295


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3 Significant accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
  3.6 Derecognition of financial assets (continued)
     The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to
     determine whether the derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:


     •   whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets
         or the transfer qualifies for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties.


     •   the extent to which the associated risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets are
         transferred. Significant judgment is applied in the Group’s estimation with regard to the cash
         flows before and after the transfers and other factors that affect the outcomes of Group’s
         assessment on the extent that risks and rewards are transferred.


     •   where the Group has neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards
         associated with their ownership, the Group analyses whether it has relinquished its controls over
         these financial assets by assessing whether the transferee has the practical ability to sell the
         asset in its entirety to an unrelated third party and is able to exercise that ability unilaterally and
         without needing to impose additional restrictions on the transfer, and if the Group has continuing
         involvement in these transferred financial assets. Where the Group has not retained control, it
         derecognises these financial assets and recognises separately as assets or liabilities any rights
         and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Otherwise the Group continues to recognise
         these financial assets to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial asset.


4 Segment information
  The Group conducts business activities in key business lines and geographical regions.


  Segment assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenditures are measured following the Group’s accounting
  policies and internal management rules. The items of each segment include those which can be directly
  attributable to the segment or can be assigned to the segment based on reasonable criteria.


  As a part of the management of assets and liabilities, the Group’s capital resources are allocated to
  various business segments through the Treasury Department of the Head Office. The Group’s internal
  transfer pricing mechanism uses market interest rates as the benchmark and determines transfer prices
  based on the internal capital pool. The impact of internal trading has been offset base on preparing the
  consolidated statements.


  Capital expenditures of each segment refer to spending relating to purchasing fixed assets, intangible
  assets and other long-term assets during the reporting period.
296 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 Segment information (continued)
     4.1 Business segments

          (1)     Corporate banking              Providing banking products and services for corporate customers,
                                                 government agencies and financial institutions. These products and
                                                 services include corporate deposits, corporate loans, investment
                                                 business, interbank business, financial markets business and various
                                                 corporate intermediary business.

          (2)     Retail banking                 Providing banking products and services for individual clients and small
                                                 and micro-enterprises. These products and services include loans,
                                                 deposits, credit and debit cards services, wealth management, private
                                                 banking and various retail intermediary businesses.

          (3)     Others                         Group’s bond investments and money markets transactions which
                                                 conducted on-demand for liquidity management, and those other
                                                 businesses which cannot form a single reportable segment and
                                                 businesses of subsidiaries.

                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                Corporate            Retail
                                                                 banking           banking       Others           Total


          Operating income                                        101,956           71,133         8,718       181,807
           Net interest income                                     72,787           54,512         7,925       135,224
             Include: inter-segment net
                         interest income/
                         (expense)                                   8,234          (18,198)       9,964              –
           Net fee and commission income                            11,287           15,959          418         27,664
           Net other income                                         17,882              662          375         18,919


          Operating expenses                                       (15,962)        (19,490)      (15,033)       (50,485)
          Credit impairment losses                                 (62,133)        (29,838)        (1,017)      (92,988)
          Other impairment losses                                   (1,500)              –           (128)       (1,628)


          Profit before income tax                                 22,361           21,805        (7,460)        36,706


          Depreciation and amortisation                              4,340           3,030           503          7,874
          Capital expenditure                                        1,906           1,330         8,570         11,806
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020           297


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 Segment information (continued)
  4.1 Business segments (continued)

                                                            As at 31 December 2020
                                             Corporate            Retail
                                              banking           banking               Others                  Total


      Segment assets                         4,724,060        1,596,277              579,863           6,900,200
        Include: Investments in associates                                                                     2
      Deferred income tax assets                                                                          50,033


      Total assets                                                                                     6,950,233


      Segment liabilities                    (4,656,226)       (885,522)            (867,120)         (6,408,868)
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                       (117)


      Total liabilities                                                                               (6,408,985)


      Credit commitments                       648,256          522,494                       –        1,170,750


                                                         Year ended 31 December 2019
                                             Corporate            Retail
                                              banking           banking               Others                 Total


     Operating income                          102,097            67,261                8,387             177,745
      Net interest income                       67,129            51,049                3,856             122,034
        Include: inter-segment net
                    interest income/
                    (expense)                   10,447           (17,825)               7,378                    –
      Net fee and commission income             11,930            15,814                  460               28,204
      Net other income                          23,038               398                4,071               27,507


     Operating expenses                         (13,804)         (18,372)             (17,840)             (50,016)
     Credit impairment losses                   (37,873)         (24,186)                (748)             (62,807)
     Other impairment losses                       (121)              (2)                 (61)                (184)


     Profit before income tax                   50,299            24,701              (10,262)              64,738


     Depreciation and amortisation               3,648              2,404               1,154                7,206
     Capital expenditure                         1,828              1,205               5,973                9,006
298 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 Segment information (continued)
     4.1 Business segments (continued)

                                                                             As at 31 December 2019
                                                               Corporate         Retail
                                                                banking        banking       Others            Total


            Segment assets                                     4,378,885      1,396,224      870,682      6,645,791
              Include: Investments in associates                                                                  3
            Deferred income tax assets                                                                       36,050


            Total assets                                                                                  6,681,841


            Segment liabilities                                (4,617,269)     (829,064)    (704,554)     (6,150,887)
            Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                     (125)


            Total liabilities                                                                             (6,151,012)


            Credit commitments                                   797,820        527,606               –   1,325,426
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           299


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 Segment information (continued)
  4.2 Geographical segments
     The Group mainly operates in Chinese mainland, with branches distributing across different
     provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government of the
     country. The Group also includes several subsidiaries in Chinese mainland and has one branch and
     subsidiaries in Hong Kong.

     Head Office                 Including head office, credit card centre and institutions directly under
                                 the head office

     Yangtze River Delta         Including branches in Shanghai, Zhejiang Province and Jiangsu Province

     Pearl River Delta           Including branches in Guangdong Province and Fujian Province

     Bohai Rim                   Including branches in Beijing, Tianjin, Shandong Province and Hebei
                                 Province

     North-eastern Region        Including branches in Liaoning Province, Jilin Province and Heilongjiang
                                 Province

     Central Region              Including branches in Shanxi Province, Henan Province, Hunan Province,
                                 Hubei Province, Anhui Province, Jiangxi Province and Hainan Province

     Western Region              Including branches in Chongqing, Sichuan Province, Yunnan Province,
                                 Shanxi Province, Gansu Province, Guizhou Province, Qinghai Province,
                                 Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region,
                                 Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                 Region and Tibet Autonomous Region

     Overseas and Subsidiaries   Including Hong Kong Branch and subsidiaries
300 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 Segment information (continued)
     4.2 Geographical segments (continued)

                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2020           2020
                                                                      Operating     Profit before      Segment
                                                                        income       income tax        assets (i)


            Head Office                                                  65,355            8,516       3,268,512
            Yangtze River Delta                                          28,566           12,330       1,231,814
            Pearl River Delta                                            19,721            9,339         623,945
            Bohai Rim                                                    22,501            3,152       1,172,780
            North-eastern Region                                          2,701             (190)        141,960
            Central Region                                               15,533           (1,756)        478,232
            Western Region                                               18,363              936         570,617
            Overseas and subsidiaries                                     9,067            4,379         377,884
            Inter-segment elimination                                         –                –        (965,544)


            Total                                                       181,807           36,706       6,900,200


                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2019           2019
                                                                      Operating     Profit before      Segment
                                                                        income       income tax        assets (i)


            Head Office                                                  70,007           25,931       3,270,046
            Yangtze River Delta                                          25,521           14,008       1,149,633
            Pearl River Delta                                            18,419            9,640         591,348
            Bohai Rim                                                    21,700            6,379       1,209,248
            North-eastern Region                                          2,664           (1,366)        130,854
            Central Region                                               15,156            1,397         450,942
            Western Region                                               15,894            3,994         525,703
            Overseas and subsidiaries                                     8,384            4,755         382,540
            Inter-segment elimination                                         –                –      (1,064,523)


            Total                                                       177,745           64,738       6,645,791

          (i)   Segment assets do not include deferred tax assets.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020           301


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
  5.1 Net interest income

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2020                   2019


      Interest income arising from:
        Loans and advances to customers                                                  200,351                186,145
           Including: Corporate loans and advances                                       100,122                 95,854
                      Personal loans and advances                                         92,373                 84,508
                      Discounted bills                                                     7,856                  5,783
        Financial investments                                                             64,402                 64,259
           Including: Financial assets measured at amortised cost                         47,116                 45,547
                      Financial assets at fair value through
                        other comprehensive income                                          17,286                18,712
        Placements with banks and other financial institutions                               8,402                10,711
        Long-term receivables                                                                6,840                 6,411
        Balances with central bank                                                           5,306                 5,195
        Financial assets held under resale agreements                                          788                 1,430
        Balances with banks and other financial institutions                                   504                   664


      Subtotal                                                                           286,593                274,815


      Interest expense arising from:
        Deposits from customers                                                           (84,767)               (79,525)
        Deposits and placements from banks and other
           financial institutions                                                         (27,468)               (31,925)
        Debt securities issued                                                            (24,330)               (25,131)
        Borrowings from central bank                                                        (8,010)               (7,620)
        Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
            and others                                                                     (4,120)                (5,194)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                  (2,215)                (2,933)
        Lease liabilities                                                                    (459)                  (453)


      Subtotal                                                                          (151,369)              (152,781)


      Net interest income                                                                135,224                122,034


      Of which:
      Interest income from impaired loans and advances to customers                          1,018                 1,155
302 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.2 Net fee and commission income

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2020              2019


            Fee and commission income
              Bank card services (i)                                                               11,469            10,945
              Agency services                                                                       8,434             7,669
              Trust and other fiduciary services                                                    6,213             6,205
              Settlement services                                                                   2,881             3,696
              Credit commitments                                                                    2,104             2,474
              Others                                                                                2,012             1,944


            Subtotal                                                                               33,113            32,933

            Fee and commission expense                                                             (5,449)            (4,729)


            Net fee and commission income                                                          27,664            28,204

          (i)   In accordance with the Notice on Strictly Implementing Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and
                Effectively Strengthening the Work of Enterprises’ 2020 Annual Reports (Cai Kuai [2021] No. 2), the Group and
                the Bank reclassified credit card installment income from fee and commission income to interest income. Certain
                comparative data has been restated.


     5.3 Net trading gain

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2020              2019


            Net gain on interest rate products                                                      3,397              6,106
            Net gain from foreign exchange and exchange rate products                               1,147              2,651
            Others                                                                                   (332)               310


            Total                                                                                   4,212              9,067
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           303


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.4 Net gain from investment securities

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2020                   2019


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                            10,506                 13,062
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income                                                                           3,049                 1,645
      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                         (184)                1,144
      Others                                                                                23                    44


      Total                                                                            13,394                 15,895


  5.5 Operating expenses

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2020                   2019


      Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments
        – Salaries, bonuses, allowances and subsidies payables                         26,264                 25,288
        – Post-employment benefits-defined contribution plans                           1,978                  2,463
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                     5,823                  5,703
      Short-term lease expenses, low-value lease expenses and
        property management expenses                                                      735                  1,060
      Tax and surcharges                                                                2,051                  1,772
      Office expenses                                                                   1,921                  1,622
      Business expenses and others                                                     11,713                 12,108


      Total                                                                            50,485                 50,016


  5.6 Credit impairment losses

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2020                   2019


      Loans and advances to customers                                                  76,990                 60,850
      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                       9,684                  1,048
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income                                                                           1,200                   (414)
      Long-term receivables                                                              1,083                    510
      Other receivables                                                                  3,403                    375
      Others                                                                               628                    438


      Total                                                                            92,988                 62,807
304 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments
          (1) The aggregate of the emoluments before individual income tax in respect of the directors
              and supervisors who held office during the year is as follows:


                For the year ended 31 December 2020 (in thousands of RMB)

                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                  Basic salaries,      Contributions
                                                 allowances and          to pension    Discretionary
                                                  other benefits           schemes            bonus      Total


                Gao Yingxin(i) (ii)                            2,207             48                  –   2,255
                Zhang Hongwei                                    940              –                  –     940
                Lu Zhiqiang                                      925              –                  –     925
                Liu Yonghao                                      935              –                  –     935
                Zheng Wanchun(i)                               4,082            107                  –   4,189
                Shi Yuzhu                                        820              –                  –     820
                Wu Di                                            885              –                  –     885
                Song Chunfeng                                    208              –                  –     208
                Weng Zhenjie                                     835              –                  –     835
                Yang Xiaoling(ii)                                130              –                  –     130
                Zhao Peng(ii)                                    145              –                  –     145
                Liu Jipeng                                       885              –                  –     885
                Li Hancheng                                      990              –                  –     990
                Xie Zhichun                                      915              –                  –     915
                Peng Xuefeng                                     905              –                  –     905
                Liu Ningyu                                       950              –                  –     950
                Qu Xinjiu(ii)                                    155              –                  –     155
                Zhang Juntong(i)                               3,887            107                  –   3,994
                Guo Dong(i)                                    3,476            107                  –   3,583
                Lu Zhongnan                                      755              –                  –     755
                Zhao Linghuan(ii)                                120              –                  –     120
                Li Yu(ii)                                        140              –                  –     140
                Wang Yugui                                       755              –                  –     755
                Zhao Fugao                                       750              –                  –     750
                Zhang Liqing(ii)                                 130              –                  –     130
                Li Jian(ii)                                    3,471             85                  –   3,556
                Hong Qi(iii)                                   2,902             63                  –   2,965
                Tian Suning(iii)                                 745              –                  –     745
                Wang Jiazhi(iii)                                 152              –                  –     152
                Wang Hang(iii)                                   615              –                  –     615
                Zhang Bo(iii)                                    565              –                  –     565
                Bao Jiming(iii)                                  565              –                  –     565
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           305


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
     (1) The aggregate of the emoluments before individual income tax in respect of the directors
         and supervisors who held office during the year is as follows (continued):

        (i)    The emoluments before tax of Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board
               are pending for the approval of the Compensation and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors, the
               Bank will make further disclosure upon approval. The amount of the emoluments not accrued is not expected to
               have significant impacts on the Group’s 2020 financial statements.

        (ii)   In June 2020, Mr. Gao YingXin was newly elected as the executive director and the chairman of the board
               of the Bank, and his qualifications for the post of director was approved by the China Banking and Insurance
               Regulatory Commission in July 2020.

               In October 2020, Mr. Yang XiaoLing was newly elected as the director of the Bank, and his qualifications for the
               post of director was approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in March 2021.

               In October 2020, Mr. Zhao Peng was newly elected as the director of the Bank, and his qualifications for the
               post of director has not approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission since the end of
               report disclosure date.

               In October 2020, Mr. Qu XinJiu was newly elected as the director of the Bank, and his qualifications for the
               post of director was approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in March 2021.

               In October 2020, Mr. Zhao LingHuan, Mr. Li Yu and Mr. Zhang LiQing were newly elected as the supervisors of
               the Bank.

               In March 2020, Mr. Li Jian was newly elected as the supervisor of the Bank.

        (iii) In June 2020, Mr. Hong Qi retired and resigned as the executive director and the chairman of the board of the
              Bank. He continued to perform duties until July 2020.

               In October 2020, due to the expiration of his term of office, Mr. Tian ShuoNing was no longer serve as the
               director of the Bank.

               In March 2020, Mr. Wang JiaZhi retired and resigned as the supervisor of the Bank.

               In October 2020, due to the expiration of their term of office, Mr. Wang Hang, Mr. Zhang Bo and Mr. Bao
               JiMing were no longer serve as the supervisors of the Bank.
306 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
          (1) The aggregate of the emoluments before individual income tax in respect of the directors
              and supervisors who held office during the year is as follows (continued):


                For the year ended 31 December 2019 (in thousands of RMB)

                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                  Basic salaries,      Contributions
                                                 allowances and          to pension       Discretionary
                                                  other benefits           schemes               bonus                    Total


                Hong Qi(i)                                     4,472             107                2,645                 7,224
                Zhang Hongwei                                    905               –                    –                   905
                Lu Zhiqiang                                      910               –                    –                   910
                Liu Yonghao                                      905               –                    –                   905
                Zheng Wanchun(i)                               4,179             107                2,595                 6,881
                Shi Yuzhu                                        780               –                    –                   780
                Wu Di                                            833               –                    –                   833
                Song Chunfeng                                    843               –                    –                   843
                Weng Zhenjie                                     810               –                    –                   810
                Liu Jipeng                                       885               –                    –                   885
                Li Hancheng                                    1,178               –                    –                 1,178
                Xie Zhichun                                      865               –                    –                   865
                Peng Xuefeng                                     865               –                    –                   865
                Liu Ningyu                                     1,055               –                    –                 1,055
                Tian Suning                                      880               –                    –                   880
                Zhang Juntong(i)                               4,022             107                1,646                 5,775
                Wang Jiazhi(i)                                 3,981             107                1,380                 5,468
                Guo Dong(i)                                    3,600             107                1,280                 4,987
                Wang Hang                                        730               –                    –                   730
                Zhang Bo                                         690               –                    –                   690
                Lu Zhongnan                                      725               –                    –                   725
                Wang Yugui                                       725               –                    –                   725
                Bao Jiming                                       665               –                    –                   665
                Zhao Fugao                                       345               –                    –                   345

                (i)   The emoluments before tax of Executive Directors, the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board
                      for the year ended 31 December 2019 have been approved by the Remuneration Committee of the Board of
                      Directors. The Bank has provided additional disclosures on their remuneration in the Additional Announcement
                      of China Minsheng Banking Corporation regarding the Remuneration of its Senior Executives in 2019. Relevant
                      remuneration amounts have been restated.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2020           307


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.7 Directors and Supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
     (2) None of the five individuals with the highest emoluments for the year ended 31 December
         2020 were directors or supervisors of the Bank (2019: two of the five individuals with
         the highest emoluments were directors or supervisors of the Bank). The aggregate of the
         emoluments in respect of the five individuals during the year was as follows (in thousands
         of RMB):

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019


          Basic salaries, allowances and benefits                                    13,053                 13,689
          Contributions to pension schemes                                              452                    536
          Discretionary bonus                                                        25,598                 22,144


          Total                                                                      39,103                 36,369


        The number of the five highest paid individuals whose emoluments fell within the following
        bands is set out below:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019


          From RMB6,000,001 to RMB8,000,000                                                  4                     5
          From RMB8,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                 1                     –


        The Group had not paid any emoluments to the directors or supervisors or any of the five
        highest-paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
        for loss of office.


  5.8 Income tax expense

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019


      Current tax for the year                                                       14,333                 15,446
      Changes in deferred tax (Note 5.20)                                           (12,729)                (5,632)


      Total                                                                            1,604                 9,814
308 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.8 Income tax expense (continued)
          The tax charges for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 can be reconciled to the profit per
          the consolidated income statement as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                          Note                 2020              2019


            Profit before income tax                                                         36,706            64,738


            Income tax at the tax rate of 25%                                                  9,177           16,185

            Effect of non-taxable income                                    (i)               (7,469)          (6,811)
            Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                    413              287
            Effect of adjustment for prior years                                                  53              136
            Others                                                                              (570)              17


            Income tax expense                                                                 1,604            9,814

          (i)   Non-taxable income primarily includes interest income from PRC government bonds and municipal government
                bonds.


     5.9 Earnings per share
          Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to ordinary equity
          shareholders of the Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
          period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the adjusted profit attributable to ordinary
          equity shareholders of the Bank by the adjusted weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
          during the period.


          The Bank issued non-cumulative preference shares in 2016. The Bank issued non-cumulative
          preference shares and perpetual bonds in 2019 respectively under the terms and conditions as
          detailed in Note 5.33 Preference Shares and Note 5.34 Perpetual Bonds.


          The conversion feature of preference shares is considered to fall within contingently issuable ordinary
          shares. The triggering events of conversion did not occur for the years ended 31 December 2020 and
          2019, therefore the conversion feature of preference shares had no effect on the basic and diluted
          earnings per share calculation.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           309


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.9 Earnings per share (continued)

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2020                   2019


      Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Bank                      34,309                 53,819
      Less: profit for the year attributable to
               other equity instrument holders of the Bank                                (3,337)                   (558)


      Net profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Bank                 30,972                 53,261
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (in millions)                   43,782                 43,782


      Basic/Diluted earnings per share (in RMB)                                              0.71                   1.22


  5.10 Cash and balances with central bank

                                                                                31 December            31 December
                                                                                       2020                   2019


      Cash                                                                                  5,360                 5,762

      Balances with central bank
        Mandatory reserve deposits                                                      330,874                321,808
        Surplus reserve deposits                                                         63,799                 41,921
        Fiscal deposits and others                                                        1,343                  1,519


      Subtotal                                                                          396,016                365,248

      Interest accrued                                                                        149                    145


      Total                                                                             401,525                371,155


     The Group places mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC or local regulator. The mandatory
     reserve deposits are not available for use in the Group’s daily business.


     As at 31 December 2020 the mandatory reserve deposits rate applicable to domestic branches of the
     Bank for RMB deposits is 9.0% (31 December 2019: 9.5%) and the reserve rate for foreign currency
     deposits is 5.0% (31 December 2019: 5.0%). The amount of mandatory reserve deposits of the
     subsidiaries and overseas branches of the Group are determined by local jurisdiction.


     Surplus reserve deposits maintained with the PBOC is for the purposes of clearing interbank
     transactions.
310 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.11 Balances with banks and other financial institutions

                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                    2020             2019


            Chinese mainland
              – Banks                                                               24,049          29,657
              – Other financial institutions                                         4,861           5,112


            Subtotal                                                                28,910          34,769


            Overseas
             – Banks                                                                23,583          18,088
             – Other financial institutions                                            196             553


            Subtotal                                                                23,779          18,641


            Interest accrued                                                            57             116
            Less: allowance for impairment losses                                     (662)           (346)


            Total                                                                   52,084          53,180


          For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the movements in carrying amount of book value
          and the impairment loss allowances of balances with banks and other financial institutions between
          stages were insignificant.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           311


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.12 Placements with banks and other financial institutions

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2020                   2019


      Chinese mainland
        – Banks                                                                        9,911                  8,835
        – Other financial institutions                                               191,696                198,540


      Subtotal                                                                       201,607                207,375


      Overseas
       – Banks                                                                         18,309                 37,423
       – Other financial institutions                                                   2,641                  3,799


      Subtotal                                                                         20,950                 41,222


      Interest accrued                                                                     323                    471
      Less: allowance for impairment losses                                               (972)                  (503)


      Total                                                                          221,908                248,565


     (1) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of placements with banks and other
         financial institutions

                                                         Year ended 31 December 2020
                                              Stage 1          Stage 2               Stage 3                    Total


          Balance as at 1 January
            2020                                 (178)             (325)                       –                 (503)
          Transfer:
            to stage 3                              –                325                  (325)                     –
          Net charge                              (55)                 –                  (414)                  (469)


          Balance as at 31 December
           2020                                  (233)                  –                 (739)                  (972)
312 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.12 Placements with banks and other financial institutions (continued)
          (1) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of placements with banks and other
              financial institutions (continued)

                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Stage 1         Stage 2        Stage 3           Total


                  Balance as at 1 January
                    2019                                          (203)               –             –            (203)
                  Transfer:
                    to stage 2                                      1                (1)            –               –
                  Net reversal/(charge)                            24              (324)            –            (300)


                  Balance as at 31 December
                   2019                                           (178)            (325)            –            (503)


     5.13 Derivatives
          A derivative is a financial instrument, the value of which changes in response to the change in a
          specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index
          of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index or other similar variables. The Group uses derivative
          financial instruments mainly including forwards, swaps and options.


          The notional amount of a derivative represents the amount of an underlying asset upon which the
          value of the derivative is based. It indicates the volume of business transacted by the Group but does
          not reflect the risk.


          (1) The notional amount and fair value of unexpired derivative financial instruments held by
              the Group are set out in the following tables:

                                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                              Notional
                                                                               amount         Assets      Liabilities


                  Foreign exchange derivatives                                1,940,939        39,988         (37,279)
                  Interest rate derivatives                                   1,399,900         1,193          (1,497)
                  Precious metal derivatives                                     47,559           869          (3,673)
                  Others                                                          1,666           235            (226)


                  Total                                                                        42,285         (42,675)
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           313


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.13 Derivatives (continued)
     (1) The notional amount and fair value of unexpired derivative financial instruments held by
         the Group are set out in the following tables (continued) :

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                          Notional
                                                                           amount                   Assets            Liabilities


           Foreign exchange derivatives                                  1,920,392                  13,782                (13,521)
           Interest rate derivatives                                     1,807,599                     794                 (1,078)
           Precious metal derivatives                                      134,309                  16,471                 (3,066)
           Others                                                            2,760                      53                   (128)


           Total                                                                                    31,100                (17,793)


     (2) Hedges

                                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                          Notional
                                                        Note               amount                   Assets            Liabilities


           Cash flow hedges
             – Currency swap contracts                    (i)                  5,827                    504                       –
           Fair value hedges
             – Interest rate swap contracts               (ii)                 6,087                        –                 (103)


           Total                                                                                        504                   (103)


                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                          Notional
                                                                           amount                   Assets            Liabilities


           Cash flow hedges
             – Currency swap contracts                    (i)                  1,430                        –                  (26)
           Fair value hedges
             – Interest Rate swap contracts               (ii)                 8,094                        –                 (104)


           Total                                                                                            –                 (130)

         (i)    The Group uses foreign exchange swaps to hedge against exposures to cash flow variability primarily from
                foreign exchange risks of foreign bonds and foreign loans. For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019,
                the accumulative profit or loss from fair value changes of cash flow hedging recognised in other comprehensive
                income were not significant.

         (ii)   The Group uses interest rate swaps to hedge against changes in fair value of fixed rate bonds. For the years
                ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the fair value changes of hedging instruments, the net gain or loss of
                hedged items and ineffective part of fair value hedging recognised in fair value changes were not significant.
314 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.13 Derivatives (continued)
          (3) Credit risk weighted amount

                                                                                  31 December      31 December
                                                                                         2020             2019


                  Credit risk weighted amount for counterparty                           14,945          33,300


                The credit risk weighted amount represents the counterparty credit risk associated with derivative
                transactions and is calculated with reference to the guidelines issued by the CBIRC. The amount
                calculated is dependent on, among other factors, the credit worthiness of the counterparty and
                the maturity characteristics of each type of contract. The credit risk weighted amounts stated
                above have taken the effects of netting arrangements into account.

     5.14 Financial assets held under resale agreements
          Financial assets held under resale agreements are listed as follows according to collateral:

                                                                                  31 December      31 December
                                                                                         2020             2019


            Bonds                                                                        17,025          56,842
            Discounted bills                                                              3,821           6,307
            Others                                                                          601           2,550


            Subtotal                                                                     21,447          65,699

            Interest accrued                                                                 21             109
            Less: allowance for impairment losses                                            (4)             (9)


            Total                                                                        21,464          65,799


          For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the transfer of book value and the allowance
          for impairment losses of financial assets held under resale agreements between stages were
          insignificant.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020           315


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                           (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.15 Loans and advances to customers

                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                               Note               2020                   2019


       Measured at amortised cost:
        Corporate loans and advances
          – Corporate loans                                                                      2,011,389             1,902,459


           Personal loans and advances
             – Micro lending                                                     (i)               523,799                455,358
             – Residential mortgage                                                                515,296                419,907
             – Credit cards                                                                        462,309                445,881
             – Others                                                                              107,671                 91,778


       Gross Balance                                                                             1,609,075             1,412,924


       Less: allowance for impairment losses                                                        (96,542)               (82,475)


       Subtotal                                                                                  3,523,922             3,232,908


       Measured at fair value through other comprehensive
        income:
        Corporate loans and advances
           – Corporate loans                                                                          5,608                 5,846
           – Discounted bills                                                                       227,859               166,372


       Subtotal                                                                                    233,467                172,218


       Interest accrued                                                                              24,908                 25,301


       Total                                                                                     3,782,297             3,430,427

     (i)   Micro lending is a loan product offered to the small micro enterprise owners and proprietors.
316 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
          (1) Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) analysed by types of collateral

                                                                   31 December 2020                        31 December 2019
                                                                   Amount                   (%)            Amount               (%)


                  Unsecured loans                                  947,468                24.58            793,364            22.75
                  Guaranteed loans                                 661,727                17.17            632,463            18.13
                  Loans secured by
                    – Tangible assets
                        other than monetary
                        assets                                    1,686,307               43.76           1,555,472           44.60
                    – Monetary assets                               558,429               14.49             506,302           14.52


                  Total                                           3,853,931           100.00              3,487,601       100.00


          (2) Overdue loans (excluded interest accrued) analysed by overdue period

                                                                                     31 December 2020
                                                               Less than     3 months            1 to       More than
                                                               3 months       to 1 year       3 years         3 years         Total


                  Unsecured loans                                 14,521        10,665            7,880         1,028     34,094
                  Guaranteed loans                                 3,639         5,183            2,842         1,153     12,817
                  Loans secured by
                    – Tangible assets other
                        than monetary assets                       6,587         8,851            6,197         2,281     23,916
                    – Monetary assets                              1,591         3,844            1,288           538      7,261


                  Total                                           26,338        28,543        18,207            5,000     78,088


                  % of total loans and
                   advances to customers                            0.68          0.75             0.47           0.13         2.03
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           317


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
     (2) Overdue loans (excluded interest accrued) analysed by overdue period (continued)

                                                              31 December 2019
                                         Less than    3 months             1 to       More than
                                         3 months     to 1 year         3 years         3 years                Total


         Unsecured loans                    10,755       10,419            1,400             1,124            23,698
         Guaranteed loans                    5,577        4,537            7,979             2,768            20,861
         Loans secured by
           – Tangible assets other
               than monetary assets          4,049        5,646            6,685             2,783            19,163
           – Monetary assets                 2,262        3,234              581               748             6,825


         Total                              22,643       23,836          16,645              7,423            70,547


         % of total loans and
          advances to customers               0.65          0.68             0.48              0.21              2.02


        Overdue loans represent loans of which the principal or interest are overdue for 1 day or more.


     (3) Movements in allowance for impairment losses
         (a) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers
             measured at amortised cost are as follows:

                                                               Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                        Stage 1         Stage 2           Stage 3               Total


             Balance as at 1 January 2020               (25,536)        (21,714)          (35,225)          (82,475)
             Transfer:
               to stage 1                                  (786)             576               210                 –
               to stage 2                                 1,375           (2,796)            1,421                 –
               to stage 3                                   577            3,441            (4,018)                –
             Net reversal/(charge)                        1,267           (9,287)         (69,253)           (77,273)
             Write-offs and transfer out                      –                –           66,316             66,316
             Recoveries of amounts previously
               written off                                    –                 –           (4,388)           (4,388)
             Others                                          55                55            1,168             1,278


             Balance as at 31 December 2020             (23,048)        (29,725)          (43,769)          (96,542)
318 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
          (3) Movements in allowance for impairment losses (continued)
              (a) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers
                  measured at amortised cost are as follows (continued):

                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                               Stage 1    Stage 2     Stage 3        Total


                       Balance as at 1 January 2019            (18,914)    (21,229)   (31,073)     (71,216)
                       Transfer:
                         to stage 1                             (1,747)      1,342        405            –
                         to stage 2                              1,119      (1,461)       342            –
                         to stage 3                                351       3,312     (3,663)           –
                       Net charge                               (6,329)     (3,662)   (49,679)     (59,670)
                       Write-offs and transfer out                   –           –     50,930       50,930
                       Recoveries of amounts previously
                         written off                                 –           –     (3,618)      (3,618)
                       Others                                      (16)        (16)     1,131        1,099


                       Balance as at 31 December 2019          (25,536)    (21,714)   (35,225)     (82,475)


                (b) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers at
                    fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               Stage 1    Stage 2     Stage 3        Total


                       Balance as at 1 January 2020               (989)          –     (1,183)      (2,172)
                       Transfer:
                         to stage 3                                 5            –         (5)          –
                       Net reversal/(charge)                      488            –       (205)        283
                       Write-offs                                   –            –        794         794


                       Balance as at 31 December 2020             (496)          –       (599)      (1,095)
                                                                                            Annual Report 2020          319


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.15 Loans and advances to customers (continued)
     (3) Movements in allowance for impairment losses (continued)
         (b) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of loans and advances to customers at
             fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows (continued):

                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                              Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3              Total


              Balance as at 1 January 2019                       (449)                –             (543)            (992)
              Net charge                                         (540)                –             (640)          (1,180)


              Balance as at 31 December 2019                     (989)                –          (1,183)           (2,172)


  5.16 Financial investments

                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                        Note             2020                   2019


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              (1)               322,480               528,338
      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                       (2)                470,122             512,888
      Financial assets measured at amortised cost                        (3)              1,328,048           1,143,079


      Total                                                                               2,120,650           2,184,305
320 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.16 Financial investments (continued)
          (1) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                                              31 December   31 December
                                                                      Note           2020          2019


                  Held for trading purpose

                  Debt securities
                   Government                                                       1,960         3,118
                   Policy banks                                                     9,149        10,961
                   Banking and non-banking financial institutions                  21,734        20,299
                   Corporates                                                      40,814        80,939


                  Subtotal                                                         73,657       115,317

                  Equity investments                                                6,146         7,681
                  Investment funds                                     (i)         19,681        91,872


                  Subtotal                                                         99,484       214,870


                  Other financial assets at fair value through
                   profit or loss

                  Debt securities
                    Corporates                                                      1,194           470
                  Equity investments                                               33,042        13,590
                  Investment funds                                     (i)        171,063        33,926
                  Asset management plans                              (ii)         10,168        84,001
                  Wealth management products                          (iii)         4,197       178,201
                  Others                                                            3,332         3,280


                  Subtotal                                                        222,996       313,468


                  Total                                                           322,480       528,338


                  Listed                                                           75,944       127,465
                    – Of which: listed in Hong Kong                                22,395        31,841
                  Unlisted                                                        246,536       400,873


                  Total                                                           322,480       528,338
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           321


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.16 Financial investments (continued)
     (1) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)
         Debt securities traded on China Domestic Interbank Bond Market are classified as listed bonds.


        (i)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the investment funds include public bond funds and
              public currency funds.


        (ii) As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the underlying assets of asset management plans
             primarily include bill assets, credit assets and others (Note 10.2 (9)).


        (iii) As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the wealth management products primarily
              include principal-guaranteed wealth management products issued by other banks and
              non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products with underlying assets of bonds or
              interbank borrowings issued by other banks.


     (2) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2020                   2019


          Debt securities
           Government                                                                118,461                120,161
           Policy banks                                                               69,485                 76,294
           Banking and non-banking financial institutions                            105,634                160,622
           Corporates                                                                166,546                148,411


          Subtotal                                                                   460,126                505,488

          Equity investments and others                                                  4,030                 2,086

          Interest accrued                                                               5,966                 5,314


          Total                                                                      470,122                512,888


          Listed                                                                     442,267                481,706
            – Of which: listed in Hong Kong                                           51,236                 51,726
          Unlisted                                                                    21,889                 25,868


          Interest accrued                                                               5,966                 5,314


          Total                                                                      470,122                512,888
322 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.16 Financial investments (continued)
          (2) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)
              The Group designates certain non-trading equity investments as financial assets at fair value
              through other comprehensive income. For the year ended 31 December 2020, dividend income
              of RMB14 million (2019: RMB76 million) recognised for such equity investments was included in
              the profit or loss.


                There is no gain or loss on disposal of such equity investments at fair value through other
                comprehensive income for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.


                Fair value


                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                    2020             2019


                  Debt securities
                   Cost                                                           470,660         510,094
                   Cumulative amount of change in fair value
                     that is accrued to other comprehensive income                  (4,568)           708


                     Fair value                                                   466,092         510,802


                  Equity investment and others
                    Cost                                                             3,991          2,080
                    Cumulative amount of change in fair value
                      that is accrued to other comprehensive income                     39              6


                     Fair value                                                      4,030          2,086


                  Total                                                           470,122         512,888
                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           323


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.16 Financial investments (continued)
     (2) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (continued)
         Movements in allowance for impairment losses


                                                            Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                      Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3               Total


          Balance as at 1 January 2020                   (996)                –              (66)          (1,062)
          Transfer:
            to stage 2                                      2               (2)                 –               –
            to stage 3                                     10                1                (11)              –
          Net charge                                     (319)             (10)             (871)          (1,200)
          Write-offs and transfer out                       –                –               130              130
          Others                                           11                –                 (8)              3


          Balance as at 31 December 2020               (1,292)             (11)             (826)          (2,129)


                                                            Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                      Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3              Total


          Balance as at 1 January 2019                 (1,310)                –             (197)          (1,507)
          Net reversal                                    283                 –              131              414
          Others                                           31                 –                –               31


          Balance as at 31 December 2019                 (996)                –              (66)          (1,062)


        As at 31 December 2020, the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
        included credit-impaired financial assets which carrying amount was RMB1,054 million (31
        December 2019: RMB68 million), with allowance for impairment losses of RMB826 million (31
        December 2019: RMB66 million).
324 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.16 Financial investments (continued)
          (3) Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                Note             2020               2019


                  Debt securities
                   Government                                                                    843,626           713,332
                   Policy banks                                                                    12,048           10,502
                   Banking and non-banking financial institutions                                 117,971          104,491
                   Corporates                                                                    205,922            96,785


                  Subtotal                                                                     1,179,567           925,110

                  Trust and asset management plans                                (i)            139,747           205,997
                  Others                                                                           2,609             3,323

                  Interest accrued                                                                16,200             12,762
                  Less: allowance for impairment losses                                          (10,075)            (4,113)


                  Total                                                                        1,328,048         1,143,079


                  Listed                                                                       1,115,917           865,223
                    – Of which: listed in Hong Kong                                                1,693               883
                  Unlisted                                                                       206,006           269,207


                  Interest accrued                                                                16,200             12,762
                  Less: allowance for impairment losses                                          (10,075)            (4,113)


                  Total                                                                        1,328,048         1,143,079

                (i)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the underlying assets of trust and asset management plans primarily are
                      credit assets (Note 10.2 (9)).
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           325


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.16 Financial investments (continued)
     (3) Financial assets measured at amortised cost (continued)
         Movements in allowance for impairment losses


                                                                Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                       Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3               Total


          Balance as at 1 January 2020                     (2,054)            (265)          (1,794)           (4,113)
          Transfer:
            to stage 2                                        10               (10)               –                 –
            to stage 3                                        17               262             (279)                –
          Net charge                                        (591)              (24)          (9,069)           (9,684)
          Write-offs and transfer out                          –                 –            3,712             3,712
          Others                                               –                 –               10                10


          Balance as at 31 December 2020                   (2,618)             (37)           (7,420)         (10,075)


                                                                Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                       Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3              Total


          Balance as at 1 January 2019                     (1,352)            (204)          (1,503)           (3,059)
          Transfer:
            to stage 2                                        10               (10)                –                –
            to stage 3                                         2                68               (70)               –
          Net charge                                        (713)             (119)             (216)          (1,048)
          Others                                              (1)                –                (5)              (6)


          Balance as at 31 December 2019                   (2,054)            (265)          (1,794)           (4,113)


  5.17 Long-term receivables

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2020                   2019


      Finance lease receivables                                                       150,054                139,372
        Less: unearned finance lease income                                            (17,932)              (18,836)


      Present value of minimum finance lease receivables                              132,122                120,536
        Less: allowance for impairment losses                                          (4,269)                (3,943)


      Total                                                                            127,853               116,593
326 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.17 Long-term receivables (continued)
          (1) Finance lease receivables are analysed by the remaining terms as follows:

                                                                                             31 December       31 December
                                                                                  Note              2020              2019


                  Indefinite                                                        (i)                5,295         3,949
                  Less than 1 year                                                                    56,235        56,275
                  1 year to 2 years                                                                   38,957        30,287
                  2 years to 3 years                                                                  20,855        17,714
                  3 years to 5 years                                                                  15,128        13,326
                  More than 5 years                                                                   13,584        17,821


                  Total                                                                              150,054       139,372

                (i)   The amount represents the balances being impaired or overdue for more than one month.


          (2) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of long-term receivables:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        Stage 1           Stage 2      Stage 3       Total


                  Balance as at 1 January 2020                            (1,051)          (1,739)       (1,153)    (3,943)
                  Transfer:
                    to stage 1                                                (9)               9             –          –
                    to stage 2                                                 5               (5)            –          –
                    to stage 3                                                 7              166          (173)         –
                  Net charge                                                (129)            (350)         (604)    (1,083)
                  Write-offs and transfer out                                  –               93           664        757


                  Balance as at 31 December 2020                          (1,177)          (1,826)       (1,266)    (4,269)
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020           327


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.17 Long-term receivables (continued)
     (2) Movements in allowance for impairment losses of long-term receivables (continued) :

                                                           Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                     Stage 1        Stage 2           Stage 3              Total


          Balance as at 1 January 2019                  (913)         (2,184)              (548)          (3,645)
          Transfer:
            to stage 2                                     5               (5)                –                 –
            to stage 3                                     –              516              (516)                –
          Net charge                                    (143)             (66)             (301)             (510)
          Write-offs and transfer out                      –                –               425               425
          Recoveries of amounts previously
            written off                                    –                 –             (213)             (213)


          Balance as at 31 December 2019              (1,051)         (1,739)           (1,153)           (3,943)


  5.18 Property and equipment

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2020                   2019


      Property and equipment                                                       51,123                 51,357
      Property and equipment to be disposed                                             6                      8


      Total                                                                        51,129                 51,365
328 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.18 Property and equipment (continued)

                                                                              Office                Operating Construction
                                                          Leasehold      equipment        Motor    lease fixed in progress
                                             Buildings improvement       and others     vehicles       assets       (“CIP”)     Total


            Original cost
              Balance as at
                31 December 2019                19,742         4,351          8,819         502       35,444         3,336    72,194
              Increase                             671           521            559          26        4,493           375     6,645
              CIP transfers                        724             –              –           –            –          (724)        –
              Decrease                             (23)         (587)          (744)        (37)      (3,762)          (41)   (5,194)


              Balance as at
               31 December 2020                 21,114         4,285          8,634         491       36,175         2,946    73,645


            Accumulated depreciation
              Balance as at
                31 December 2019                 (4,365)       (2,886)        (7,043)      (414)       (5,893)           –    (20,601)
              Increase                             (695)         (606)          (579)       (29)       (1,776)           –     (3,685)
              Decrease                                1           579            705         35           714            –      2,034


              Balance as at
               31 December 2020                  (5,059)       (2,913)       (6,917)       (408)       (6,955)           –    (22,252)


            Impairment losses
              Balance as at
                31 December 2019                      –             –              –          –         (236)            –       (236)
              Increase                                –             –              –          –         (127)            –       (127)
              Decrease                                –             –              –          –           93             –         93


              Balance as at
               31 December 2020                       –             –              –          –         (270)            –       (270)


            Carrying amount
              Balance as at
                31 December 2019                15,377         1,465          1,776          88       29,315         3,336    51,357


              Balance as at
               31 December 2020                 16,055         1,372          1,717          83       28,950         2,946    51,123
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020           329


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.18 Property and equipment (continued)

                                                               Office                     Operating Construction
                                              Leasehold    equipment           Motor     lease fixed in progress
                                 Buildings improvement     and others        vehicles        assets       (“CIP”)             Total


      Original cost
        Balance as at
          31 December 2018         18,060         4,677         8,891            506          31,354          3,846         67,334
        Increase                      728           377           487             24           4,283            471          6,370
        CIP transfers                 966             –             –              –               –           (966)             –
        Decrease                      (12)         (703)         (559)           (28)           (193)           (15)        (1,510)


       Balance as at
        31 December 2019           19,742         4,351         8,819            502          35,444          3,336         72,194


      Accumulated depreciation
        Balance as at
          31 December 2018          (3,769)      (2,924)       (6,773)          (405)         (4,494)             –         (18,365)
        Increase                      (600)        (654)         (797)           (35)         (1,436)             –          (3,522)
        Decrease                         4          692           527             26              37              –           1,286


       Balance as at
        31 December 2019            (4,365)      (2,886)       (7,043)          (414)         (5,893)             –         (20,601)


      Impairment losses
        Balance as at
          31 December 2018               –            –             –               –           (206)             –            (206)
        Increase                         –            –             –               –            (36)             –             (36)
        Decrease                         –            –             –               –              6              –               6


       Balance as at
        31 December 2019                 –            –             –               –           (236)             –            (236)


      Carrying amount
        Balance as at
          31 December 2018         14,291         1,753         2,118            101          26,654          3,846         48,763


       Balance as at
        31 December 2019           15,377         1,465         1,776             88          29,315          3,336         51,357
330 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.18 Property and equipment (continued)
          As at 31 December 2020, there were still certain properties and buildings, with a carrying value of
          RMB888 million (31 December 2019: RMB848 million), in the process of registration for certificates
          of ownership. The management believed such proceedings would not weaken the Group’s rights to
          these assets nor have any significant impact on the Group’s operations.


     5.19 Right-of-use assets

                                                                              Motor       Office         Land
                                                               Buildings    vehicles equipment      use rights   Others     Total


            Original cost
              Balance as at 31 December 2019                     13,578         355            1        4,484       24     18,442
              Increase                                            3,571           6            3          159       41      3,780
              Decrease                                           (1,165)         (2)          (2)           –       (3)    (1,172)


              Balance as at 31 December 2020                     15,984         359           2         4,643       62     21,050


            Accumulated depreciation/amortisation
              Balance as at 31 December 2019                      (2,765)       (93)          (1)      (1,033)       (5)   (3,897)
              Increase                                            (3,309)        (5)          (2)        (128)      (14)   (3,458)
              Decrease                                               633          1            2            –         –       636


              Balance as at 31 December 2020                      (5,441)       (97)          (1)      (1,161)      (19)   (6,719)


            Carrying amount
              Balance as at 31 December 2019                     10,813         262            –        3,451        19    14,545


              Balance as at 31 December 2020                     10,543         262           1         3,482       43     14,331
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           331


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.19 Right-of-use assets (continued)

                                                             Motor       Office           Land
                                              Buildings    vehicles equipment        use rights       Others           Total


      Original cost
        Balance as at 31 December 2018                –          –             –         4,484              –         4,484

        Changes in accounting policies          10,986         353             –              –             –        11,339


        Balance as at 1 January 2019            10,986         353             –         4,484              –        15,823
        Increase                                 2,952           2             1             –             24         2,979
        Decrease                                  (360)          –             –             –              –          (360)


        Balance as at 31 December 2019          13,578         355             1         4,484             24        18,442


      Accumulated depreciation/amortisation
        Balance as at 31 December 2018                –          –             –          (920)             –          (920)

        Changes in accounting policies                –          –             –              –             –              –


        Balance as at 1 January 2019                  –          –             –          (920)             –          (920)
        Increase                                 (2,767)       (93)           (1)         (113)            (5)       (2,979)
        Decrease                                      2          –             –             –              –             2


        Balance as at 31 December 2019           (2,765)       (93)           (1)        (1,033)           (5)       (3,897)


      Carrying amount
        Balance as at 1 January 2019            10,986         353             –         3,564              –        14,903


        Balance as at 31 December 2019          10,813         262             –         3,451             19        14,545


  5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
     (1) Deferred income tax items

                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2020                 2019


           Deferred income tax assets                                                       50,033                 36,050
           Deferred income tax liabilities                                                    (117)                  (125)


           Net                                                                              49,916                 35,925
332 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities (continued)
          (2) Deferred income tax assets and liabilities without taking into consideration the offsetting
              of balances within the same tax jurisdiction are as follows:

                                                                  31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
                                                                  Deferred      Deductible/        Deferred      Deductible/
                                                                    income          (taxable)        income         (taxable)
                                                               tax assets/       temporary      tax assets/       temporary
                                                                (liabilities)    differences     (liabilities)   differences


                  Deferred income tax assets

                  Asset impairment allowance                        47,682          190,728          38,462         153,848
                  Employee benefits payable                          2,639           10,556           2,597          10,388
                  Fair value losses of derivatives                  10,586           42,344           4,385          17,540
                  Fair value losses of financial assets at
                    fair value through
                    other comprehensive income                          676           2,704               51            204
                  Fair value losses of financial assets at
                    fair value through
                    profit or loss                                      205             820              600           2,400
                  Others                                                328           1,312              254           1,016


                  Subtotal                                          62,116          248,464          46,349         185,396


                  Deferred income tax liabilities

                  Fair value gains of derivatives                  (10,445)         (41,780)          (7,775)        (31,100)
                  Fair value gain of financial assets at
                    fair value through
                    other comprehensive income                         (184)           (736)            (814)         (3,256)
                  Fair value gain of financial assets at
                    fair value through
                    profit or loss                                   (1,432)         (5,728)          (1,553)         (6,212)
                  Others                                               (139)           (556)            (282)         (1,128)


                  Subtotal                                         (12,200)         (48,800)        (10,424)         (41,696)


                  Deferred income tax assets, net                   49,916          199,664          35,925         143,700
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           333


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.20 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities (continued)
     (3) Movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities without taking into consideration
         the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction are as follows:

                                                                                     Gross       Gross
                                              Asset                                deferred    deferred
                                         impairment   Fair value                income tax income tax
                                          allowance    changes           Others      assets  liabilities


          At 31 December 2019                38,462       5,036            2,851           46,349            (10,424)
          Recognised in profit or loss        9,220       5,743              116           15,079             (2,350)
          Recognised in other
            comprehensive income                  –         688                  –              688               574


          At 31 December 2020                47,682      11,467            2,967            62,116          (12,200)


          At 31 December 2018                31,079       5,751            3,041           39,871             (9,303)
          Recognised in profit or loss        7,383        (636)            (190)           6,557               (925)
          Recognised in other
            comprehensive income                  –         (79)                 –              (79)             (196)


          At 31 December 2019                38,462       5,036            2,851           46,349            (10,424)
334 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates
          (1) Directly held subsidiaries

                                                                               31 December   31 December
                                                                                      2020          2019


                  Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
                    (“Minsheng Financial Leasing”)                                   3,302         2,600
                  CMBC International Holdings Limited (“CMBC International”)         2,494         2,494
                  Minsheng Royal Fund Limited (“Minsheng Royal Fund”)                  190           190
                  Pengzhou Rural Bank Limited Liability Company
                    (“Pengzhou Rural Bank”)                                             20            20
                  Cixi Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Cixi Rural Bank”)                        107           107
                  Songjiang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Songjiang Rural Bank”)               70            70
                  Qijiang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Qijiang Rural Bank”)                   30            30
                  Tongnan Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Tongnan Rural Bank”)                   25            25
                  Meihekou Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Meihekou Rural Bank”)                169           169
                  Ziyang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Ziyang Rural Bank”)                    172           172
                  Jiangxia Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Jiangxia Rural Bank”)                 41            41
                  Changyuan Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Changyuan Rural Bank”)               26            26
                  Yidu Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Yidu Rural Bank”)                         26            26
                  Jiading Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Jiading Rural Bank”)                  102           102
                  Zhongxiang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Zhongxiang Rural Bank”)             36            36
                  Penglai Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Penglai Rural Bank”)                   51            51
                  Anxi Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Anxi Rural Bank”)                         74            74
                  Funing Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Funing Rural Bank”)                     52            52
                  Taicang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Taicang Rural Bank”)                   76            76
                  Ningjin Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Ningjin Rural Bank”)                   20            20
                  Zhangpu Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Zhangpu Rural Bank”)                   25            25
                  Puer Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Puer Rural Bank”)                         15            15
                  Jinghong Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Jinghong Rural Bank”)                 60            15
                  Zhidan Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Zhidan Rural Bank”)                      7             7
                  Ningguo Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Ningguo Rural Bank”)                   20            20
                  Yuyang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Yuyang Rural Bank”)                     25            25
                  Guichi Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Guichi Rural Bank”)                     26            26
                  Tiantai Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Tiantai Rural Bank”)                   31            31
                  Tianchang Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Tianchang Rural Bank”)               20            20
                  Tengchong Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Tengchong Rural Bank”)               20            20
                  Xiang’an Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Xiang’an Rural Bank”)                 36            36
                  Linzhi Rural Bank Co., Ltd. (“Linzhi Rural Bank”)                     13            13


                  Total                                                              7,381         6,634
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020        335


                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued)
     (2) Basic information of directly held subsidiaries

                                                                                                             % of
                                       Place of                                                        ownership      % of voting
                                       incorporation              Principal            Registered         held by      rights held
          Name                         and operation              activities              capital       the Bank      by the Bank


          Minsheng Financial Leasing   Tianjin China                Leasing     RMB5,095 million            54.96           54.96

          CMBC International           Hong Kong China   Investment banking      HKD3,000 million          100.00          100.00

          Minsheng Royal Fund          Guangdong China   Fund management          RMB300 million            63.33           63.33

          Pengzhou Rural Bank (i)      Sichuan China       Commercial bank         RMB55 million            36.36           36.36

          Cixi Rural Bank              Zhejiang China      Commercial bank        RMB189 million            64.68           64.68

          Songjiang Rural Bank (i)     Shanghai China      Commercial bank        RMB150 million            35.00           35.00

          Qijiang Rural Bank (ii)      Chongqing China     Commercial bank      RMB61.57 million            48.73           51.27

          Tongnan Rural Bank (i)       Chongqing China     Commercial bank         RMB50 million            50.00           50.00

          Meihekou Rural Bank          Jilin China         Commercial bank        RMB193 Million            95.36           95.36

          Ziyang Rural Bank            Sichuan China       Commercial bank        RMB211 million            81.41           81.41

          Jiangxia Rural Bank          Hubei China         Commercial bank         RMB86 million            51.00           51.00

          Changyuan Rural Bank         Henan China         Commercial bank         RMB50 million            51.00           51.00

          Yidu Rural Bank              Hubei China         Commercial bank       RMB52.4 million            51.00           51.00

          Jiading Rural Bank           Shanghai China      Commercial bank        RMB200 million            51.00           51.00

          Zhongxiang Rural Bank        Hubei China         Commercial bank         RMB70 million            51.00           51.00

          Penglai Rural Bank           Shandong China      Commercial bank        RMB100 million            51.00           51.00

          Anxi Rural Bank              Fujian China        Commercial bank        RMB128 million            57.99           57.99

          Funing Rural Bank            Jiangsu China       Commercial bank         RMB85 million            51.00           51.00
336 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued)
          (2) Basic information of directly held subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                                                   % of
                                                  Place of                                                   ownership    % of voting
                                                  incorporation             Principal          Registered       held by    rights held
                  Name                            and operation             activities            capital     the Bank    by the Bank


                  Taicang Rural Bank              Jiangsu China       Commercial bank      RMB135 million         51.00         51.00

                  Ningjin Rural Bank              Hebei China         Commercial bank       RMB40 million         51.00         51.00

                  Zhangpu Rural Bank              Fujian China        Commercial bank       RMB50 million         51.00         51.00

                  Puer Rural Bank                 Yunnan China        Commercial bank       RMB30 million         51.00         51.00

                  Jinghong Rural Bank (iii)       Yunnan China        Commercial bank       RMB30 million         80.40         80.40

                  Zhidan Rural Bank               Shanxi China        Commercial bank       RMB15 million         51.00         51.00

                  Ningguo Rural Bank              Anhui China         Commercial bank       RMB40 million         51.00         51.00

                  Yuyang Rural Bank (iv)          Shanxi China        Commercial bank       RMB50 million         51.00         51.00

                  Guichi Rural Bank               Anhui China         Commercial bank       RMB50 million         51.00         51.00

                  Tiantai Rural Bank              Zhejiang China      Commercial bank       RMB60 million         51.00         51.00

                  Tianchang Rural Bank            Anhui China         Commercial bank       RMB40 million         51.00         51.00

                  Tengchong Rural Bank            Yunnan China        Commercial bank       RMB48 million         51.00         51.00

                  Xiang’an Rural Bank             Fujian China        Commercial bank       RMB70 million         51.00         51.00

                  Linzhi Rural Bank               Tibet China         Commercial bank       RMB25 million         51.00         51.00

                (i)    Although the Bank holds half or less than half of the voting rights in some rural banks, it has the majority of
                       the seats in their boards of directors, which enables it to govern their operating policies. These companies are
                       treated as the Bank’s subsidiaries and have been consolidated in these financial statements.

                (ii)   Based on the concerted action agreement signed by the Bank and other shareholders, the Bank acquired control
                       over the subsidiary and included it in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

                (iii) In 2020, the Bank increased its capital contribution to Jinghong Rural Bank by RMB45 million, and the paid-up
                      capital of Jinghong Rural Bank increased from RMB30 million to RMB75 million. After the increase of capital,
                      the Bank’s ownership of equity shares and voting rights in the subsidiary increased to 80.40%. By the end of 31
                      December 2020, the registered capital of Jinghong Rural Bank was still RMB30 million as it had not completed
                      the registration of changes with industry and commerce authorities.

                (iv) In 2020, Yuyang Rural Bank converted RMB4 million retained earnings to paid-up capital through an issue of
                     new shares, and increased its paid-up capital from RMB50 billion to RMB54 million. After the increase of capital,
                     the Bank’s ownership of equity shares and voting rights in this subsidiary remains at 51%. As at the end of 31
                     December 2020, the registered capital of Yuyang Rural Bank was still RMB50 million as it had not completed
                     the registration of changes with industry and commerce authorities.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2020           337


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                         (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.21 Investment in subsidiaries and associates (continued)
     (3) Investment in associates

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2020                   2019


          Investment in associates                                                         2                     3


  5.22 Other assets

                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                             Note               2020                   2019


      Items in the process of clearance and settlement                             12,728                  7,017
      Prepayments for leased assets                            (1)                  8,280                 10,394
      Interest receivable                                      (2)                  8,240                  8,202
      Investment properties                                                         6,429                  6,399
      Repossessed assets                                       (3)                  6,180                  9,978
      Other debt receivables and advances                                           5,423                  5,951
      Commission receivable                                                         3,685                  6,353
      Operating lease receivable                                                    2,007                  2,035
      Intangible assets                                        (4)                  1,456                  1,256
      Continuously involved assets                                                  1,038                  1,038
      Prepayment                                                                      718                    928
      Goodwill                                                 (5)                    193                    206
      Long-term deferred expenses                                                     146                     92
      Others                                                                        5,414                  5,547


      Subtotal                                                                     61,937                 65,396

      Less: allowance for impairment losses
        – Repossessed assets                                                         (131)                  (112)
        – Others                                                                   (3,916)                (1,767)


      Total                                                                        57,890                 63,517


     (1) Prepayments for leased assets
         Prepayments for leased assets are the prepayments made by the Group for acquiring leased
         assets under finance leases and operating leases.
338 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.22 Other assets (continued)
          (2) Interest receivable

                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                2020             2019


                  Debt and other securities                                     2,569           3,042
                  Loans and advances to customers                               5,671           5,157
                  Others                                                            –               3


                  Total                                                         8,240           8,202


          (3) Repossessed assets
              Repossessed assets include buildings, land use rights and machineries and equipment. The
              Group disposed repossessed assets of RMB4,066 million during the year ended 31 December
              2020 (2019: RMB1,505 million).


          (4) Intangible assets

                                                                           Year ended      Year ended
                                                                         31 December      31 December
                                                                                 2020            2019


                  Cost
                    Balance as at 1 January                                     4,837           4,290
                    Increase                                                      739             547


                     Balance as at 31 December                                  5,576           4,837


                  Accumulated amortisation
                    Balance as at 1 January                                     (3,581)         (3,098)
                    Increase                                                      (539)           (483)


                     Balance as at 31 December                                  (4,120)         (3,581)


                  Carrying amount
                    Balance as at 1 January                                     1,256           1,192


                     Balance as at 31 December                                  1,456           1,256
                                                                                               Annual Report 2020        339


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.22 Other assets (continued)
     (5) Goodwill arising from CMBC International

                                                                                     Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2020                  2019


              Balance as at 1 January                                                             206                   201
              Exchange difference                                                                 (13)                    5


              Balance as at 31 December                                                           193                   206


         As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the Group was not aware of any indicators for
         the possibility of goodwill impairment, hence no impairment loss was recognised.

  5.23 Allowances for impairment losses

                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                     Balances    Net charge                                     Balances
                                                         as at       for the   Write-offs                           as at
                                                    1 January          year/ and transfer                   31 December
                                           Note 5        2020     (Reversal)         out              Other         2020


      Balances with banks and other
        financial institutions              11            346           316                –                –            662
      Placements with banks and other
        financial institutions              12            503           469                –                –            972
      Financial assets held under resale
        agreements                          14              9            (5)               –                –             4
      Loans and advances to customers       15         84,647        76,990          (67,110)           3,110        97,637
      Financial investments                 16          5,175        10,884           (3,842)             (13)       12,204
      Long-term receivables                 17          3,943         1,083             (757)               –         4,269
      Property and equipment                18            236           127              (93)               –           270
      Other assets                          22          1,879         5,126           (2,953)              (5)        4,047


      Total                                            96,738        94,990         (74,755)            3,092       120,065
340 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.23 Allowances for impairment losses (continued)

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                   Balances                                            Balances
                                                                       as at             Write-offs                        as at
                                                                  1 January Net charge and transfer                31 December
                                                         Note 5        2019 for the year       out           Other         2019


            Balances with banks and other
              financial institutions                       11          104         242             –                 –          346
            Placements with banks and other
              financial institutions                       12          203         300             –                 –          503
            Financial assets held under resale
              agreements                                   14            5            4            –                 –             9
            Loans and advances to customers                15       72,208       60,850      (50,930)            2,519        84,647
            Financial investments                          16        4,566          634            –               (25)        5,175
            Long-term receivables                          17        3,645          510         (425)              213         3,943
            Property and equipment                         18          206           36           (6)                –           236
            Other assets                                   22        1,512          497         (130)                –         1,879


            Total                                                   82,449       63,073      (51,491)            2,707        96,738


     5.24 Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2020                    2019


            Chinese mainland
              – Banks                                                                              315,476                 266,414
              – Other financial institutions                                                       665,224                 785,393

            Overseas
             – Banks                                                                                    51,308              78,584
             – Other financial institutions                                                             33,397              27,557


            Subtotal                                                                             1,065,405                1,157,948

            Interest accrued                                                                             4,316               5,106


            Total                                                                                1,069,721                1,163,054
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020           341


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                             (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.25 Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2020                   2019


      Unsecured borrowings                                                            108,917               108,572
      Borrowings secured by
        – Tangible assets and monetary assets                                          21,262                 22,929


      Subtotal                                                                       130,179                131,501

      Interest accrued                                                                     839                    794


      Total                                                                          131,018                132,295


     As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the secured borrowings were pledged of property
     and equipment and finance lease receivables as collateral; the above collateral has been included in
     the disclosure of Assets pledged (Note 6.3(1)).


  5.26 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements
     Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements by underlying assets are shown as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2020                   2019


      Bonds                                                                            43,714                 58,533
      Discounted bills                                                                 21,192                 42,905
        Including: bills rediscounted                                                  18,403                 31,105


      Subtotal                                                                         64,906               101,438

      Interest accrued                                                                     412                    267


      Total                                                                            65,318               101,705
342 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.27 Deposits from customers

                                                                              31 December     31 December
                                                                                     2020            2019


            Demand deposits
              – Corporate customers                                               1,287,743       1,201,626
              – Individual customers                                               243,780          216,424
            Time deposits (including call and notice deposits)
              – Corporate customers                                               1,673,874       1,677,305
              – Individual customers                                                514,932         501,939
            Certificates of deposit                                                   2,929           4,446
            Outward remittance and remittance payables                                4,916           2,348


            Subtotal                                                              3,728,174       3,604,088

            Interest accrued                                                        39,977           32,946


            Total                                                                3,768,151        3,637,034


          The pledged deposits included in deposits from customers are analysed as follows:

                                                                              31 December     31 December
                                                                                     2020            2019


            Pledged deposits for bank acceptances                                   96,282         109,310
            Pledged deposits for letters of credit and guarantees                   16,742          21,243
            Other pledged deposits                                                  52,269          63,584


            Total                                                                  165,293         194,137


     5.28 Lease liabilities

                                                                              31 December     31 December
                                                                                     2020            2019


            Lease liabilities                                                        10,267          10,420


          As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s lease payments relating to lease contracts signed but yet to be
          executed amounted to RMB82 million (31 December 2019: RMB80 million).
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           343


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.29 Provisions

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2020                   2019


        Credit loss of off-balance-sheet credit commitments                               1,885                 1,453
        Litigation provision                                                                136                   150


        Total                                                                             2,021                 1,603


     The movements of credit loss of off-balance-sheet assets are as follows:

                                                          Year ended 31 December 2020
                                               Stage 1          Stage 2               Stage 3                    Total


      Balance as at 1 January 2020              (1,407)               (22)                   (24)              (1,453)
      Transfer:
        to stage 1                                  (8)                 5                      3                     –
        to stage 2                                   9                (10)                     1                     –
        to stage 3                                   4                  6                    (10)                    –
      Net charge                                  (179)             (200)                    (15)                 (394)
      Others                                       (38)                 –                      –                   (38)


      Balance as at 31 December
       2020                                     (1,619)             (221)                    (45)              (1,885)


                                                          Year ended 31 December 2019
                                               Stage 1          Stage 2               Stage 3                   Total


      Balance as at 1 January 2019              (1,335)               (33)                     (3)             (1,371)
      Transfer:
        to stage 1                                  (4)                 4                      –                     –
        to stage 2                                   4                 (4)                     –                     –
        to stage 3                                   3                  1                     (4)                    –
      Net (charge)/reversal                        (52)                10                    (17)                  (59)
      Others                                       (23)                 –                      –                   (23)


      Balance as at 31 December
       2019                                     (1,407)               (22)                   (24)              (1,453)
344 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.30 Debt securities issued

                                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                     Note              2020                2019


            Interbank negotiable certificates of deposit                                               713,953            583,105
            Financial bonds                                                            (1)              83,992             94,983
            Tier-two capital bonds                                                     (2)             139,951            109,930
            Medium-term notes                                                          (3)              12,056             20,905
            Subordinated bonds                                                         (4)               3,996              3,996


            Subtotal                                                                                   953,948            812,919

            Interest accrued                                                                              3,932              4,306


            Total                                                                                      957,880            817,225


          There were no overdue principal and interest or other defaults with respect to these bonds. None of
          these bonds are secured.


          (1) Financial bonds

                                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                     Note               2020               2019


                  RMB20 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2020                (i)              19,998                  –
                  RMB20 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018               (ii)              19,998             19,997
                  RMB40 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018               (iii)             39,997             39,994
                  RMB4 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2018                (iv)               3,999              3,995
                  RMB1 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2017                (v)                    –                999
                  RMB30 billion — 3-year fixed rate financial bonds 2017               (vi)                   –             29,998


                  Total                                                                                  83,992             94,983

                (i)    RMB20 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 18 March 2020, with a term of three years, and
                       a fixed coupon rate of 2.75% per annum.

                (ii)   RMB20 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 12 December 2018, with a term of three years,
                       and a fixed coupon rate of 3.76% per annum.

                (iii) RMB40 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 19 November 2018, with a term of three years,
                      and a fixed coupon rate of 3.83% per annum.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           345


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.30 Debt securities issued (continued)
     (1) Financial bonds (continued)

         (iv) RMB4 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 21 May 2018, with a term of three years, and a
              fixed coupon rate of 4.90% per annum.


         (v)    RMB1 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 7 August 2017, with a term of three years, and
                a fixed coupon rate of 4.50% per annum. The Group repaid all of them on 9 August, 2020.


         (vi) RMB30 billion worth of fixed-rate financial bonds were issued at 7 March 2017, with a term of three years, and
              a fixed coupon rate of 4.00% per annum. The Bank repaid all of them on 9 March, 2020.


     (2) Tier-two capital bonds

                                                                                          31 December            31 December
                                                                              Note               2020                   2019


           RMB50 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2020                                         (i)                 49,999                        –
           RMB40 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2019 1st tranche                             (ii)                39,993                 39,992
           RMB15 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2017 1st tranche                             (iii)               14,987                 14,985
           RMB15 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2017 2nd tranche                             (iv)                14,987                 14,985
           RMB20 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2016                                         (v)                 19,985                 19,982
           RMB20 billion —10-year fixed rate
            tier-two capital bonds 2015                                         (vi)                        –              19,986


           Total                                                                                  139,951                109,930

         (i)    Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB50 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
                3.75% per annum, were issued at 24 June 2020. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the bonds at
                par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.

         (ii)   Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB40 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
                4.48% per annum, were issued at 27 February 2019. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the bonds
                at par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.

         (iii) Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB15 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
               4.70% per annum, were issued at 12 September 2017 as the first tranche. The Bank has an option to redeem
               all or part of the bonds at par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.

         (iv) Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB15 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
              4.70% per annum, were issued at 27 November 2017 as the second tranche. The Bank has an option to redeem
              all or part of the bonds at par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.
346 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.30 Debt securities issued (continued)
          (2) Tier-two capital bonds (continued)

                (v)    Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB20 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
                       3.50% per annum, were issued at 30 August 2016. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the bonds at
                       par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date.


                (vi) Tier-two capital bonds with a nominal value of RMB20 billion, a term of 10 years, and a fixed coupon rate of
                     5.40% per annum, were issued at 28 April 2015. The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the bonds at
                     par value during the period from the last day of the fifth year to the maturity date. The Bank has redeemed all of
                     them on 29 April 2020.


          (3) Medium-term notes

                                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                     Note              2020                2019


                  2020 — 3-year medium-term notes                                       (i)               3,262                   –
                  2018 — 5-year medium-term notes                                      (ii)               3,910               4,179
                  2018 — 3-year medium-term notes                                      (iii)              2,604               2,786
                  2017 — 5-year medium-term notes                                      (iv)               2,280               2,439
                  2017 — 3-year medium-term notes                                      (v)                    –               3,136
                  2017 — 3-year medium-term notes                                      (vi)                   –               1,741
                  2017 — 3-year medium-term notes                                     (vii)                   –               3,138
                  2017 — 3-year medium-term notes                                     (viii)                  –               3,486


                  Total                                                                                 12,056               20,905

                (i)    Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.5 billion of medium-term notes were issued on 22 October
                       2020, with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 1.12%.

                (ii)   Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.6 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 9 March 2018,
                       with a term of 5 years. The coupon rate is 1.28%.

                (iii) Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.4 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 9 March 2018,
                      with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 3.50%.

                (iv) Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.35 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 11 September
                     2017, with a term of 5 years. The coupon rate is 1.22%.

                (v)    Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.45 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 15 November
                       2017, with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.34%. The Bank repaid all of them on 15 November 2020.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020           347


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.30 Debt securities issued (continued)
     (3) Medium-term notes (continued)

         (vi) Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.25 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 15 November
              2017, with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.88%. The Bank repaid all of them on 15 November 2020.


         (vii) Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.45 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 11 September
               2017, with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.44%. The Bank repaid all of them on 11 September 2020.


         (viii) Medium-term notes with a nominal value of USD0.5 billion of medium-term notes were issued at 5 May 2017,
                with a term of 3 years. The coupon rate is 2.50%. The Bank repaid all of them on 5 May 2020.


     (4) Subordinated bonds

                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                            Note               2020                   2019


           RMB4 billion — 15-year subordinated
            fixed rate bonds 2011                                             (i)                   3,996                 3,996

         (i)   Subordinated bonds with a nominal value of RMB4 billion, a term of 15 years and a fixed coupon rate of 5.70%
               per annum, were issued on 18 March 2011.The Bank has an option to redeem all or part of the subordinated
               bonds at par value during the period from the last day of the tenth year to the maturity date.


               According to the issuance terms, the claims of the holders of subordinated bonds will be subordinated to the
               claims of general creditors, but prioritised over other equity instrument holders.
348 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.31 Other liabilities

                                                                                          31 December      31 December
                                                                           Note                  2020             2019


            Employee benefits payable                                       (1)                10,877            10,663
            Receipt in advance                                                                  9,403             9,691
            Items in the process of clearance and settlement                                    9,374            11,149
            Other tax payable                                               (2)                 6,514             6,786
            Notes payable                                                                       3,330                 –
            Intermediate collection and payment                                                 1,225             2,869
            Continuously involved liabilities                                                   1,038             1,038
            Accrued expenses                                                                      836               585
            Deferred fee and commission income                                                    790               875
            Payable for long-term assets                                                          430               900
            Guarantee deposits for finance lease                                                  283               326
            Dividend payable                                                                        3                 –
            Others                                                                              3,480             3,085


            Total                                                                              47,583            47,967


          (1) Employee benefits payable

                                                               1 January                                    31 December
                                                                    2020   Increase            Decrease            2020


                  Short-term employee benefits
                    – Salaries, bonuses and allowances            10,154     21,264             (20,971)         10,347
                    – Staff welfare fees                               –      2,184              (2,184)              –
                    – Social insurance(i) and
                         supplementary insurance                    126           1,058          (1,022)            162
                    – Housing fund                                  160           1,290          (1,323)            127
                    – Labour union fee, staff and
                         workers’ education fee                      28            568             (562)             34


                  Subtotal                                        10,468     26,264             (26,062)         10,670


                  Post-employment benefits -defined
                    contribution plans
                    – Basic pension insurance plans                 118            943             (925)            136
                    – Unemployment insurance                         20             40              (39)             21
                    – Annuity scheme (ii)                            57            995           (1,002)             50


                  Subtotal                                          195           1,978          (1,966)            207


                  Total                                           10,663     28,242             (28,028)         10,877
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           349


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.31 Other liabilities (continued)
     (1) Employee benefits payable (continued)

                                                          1 January                                               31 December
                                                               2019           Increase            Decrease               2019


           Short-term employee benefits
             – Salaries, bonuses and allowances                10,731             20,020              (20,597)             10,154
             – Staff welfare fees                                   –              2,169               (2,169)                  –
             – Social insurance(i) and
                  supplementary insurance                          86              1,282               (1,242)                 126
             – Housing fund                                       145              1,190               (1,175)                 160
             – Labour union fee, staff and
                  workers’ education fee                            21                627                 (620)                  28


           Subtotal                                            10,983             25,288              (25,803)             10,468


           Post-employment benefits -defined
             contribution plans
             – Basic pension insurance plans                        99             1,433               (1,414)                 118
             – Unemployment insurance                               19                53                  (52)                  20
             – Annuity scheme (ii)                                  29               977                 (949)                  57


           Subtotal                                               147              2,463               (2,415)                 195


           Total                                               11,130             27,751              (28,218)             10,663

         (i)    Social insurance includes medical insurance, maternity insurance and employment injury insurance.

         (ii)   In 2020, the contributions to the annuity schemes of the Bank and those subsidiaries were calculated at rates
                from 0% to 8% of the employees’ total annual salary (2019: 0% to 8%).

                The Group has set up a defined contribution plan for its Hong Kong employees in accordance with the
                contribution rates prescribed by local regulations.


     (2) Other tax payable

                                                                                            31 December           31 December
                                                                                                   2020                  2019


           Value added tax                                                                            5,411                 5,443
           Others                                                                                     1,103                 1,343


           Total                                                                                      6,514                 6,786
350 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.32 Share capital and capital reserve

                                                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                                                         2020                   2019


            Ordinary shares listed in Chinese mainland (A shares)                                                           35,462                 35,462
            Ordinary shares listed in Hong Kong (H shares)                                                                   8,320                  8,320


            Total shares                                                                                                    43,782                 43,782


          All A shares and H shares issued by the Bank are ordinary shares with par value of RMB 1 per share,
          and rank pari passu with the same rights and benefits.


          The Group’s capital reserve was RMB57,419 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019:
          RMB57,411 million), which mainly represents capital premium.


     5.33 Preference shares
          (1) Outstanding preference shares at 31 December 2020

                  Financial
                  instrument                      Accounting       Dividend       Issue             In original                     Conversion
                  outstanding        Issue date   classification        rate      price   Amount      currency    In RMB Maturity   condition    Conversion
                                                                                          million
                                                                                          shares


                  Overseas
                   preference                                                   USD20/
                   shares            14/12/2016 Equity               4.95%       Share        72         1,439     9,933 None       Mandatory    No


                  Total                                                                                            9,933
                  Less: Issue fees                                                                                   (41)


                  Book value                                                                                       9,892


                  Domestic
                   Preference                                                  RMB100/
                   Shares            15/10/2019 Equity               4.38%       Share       200        20,000    20,000 None        Mandatory   No

                  Total                                                                                           20,000
                  Less: Issue fees                                                                                   (25)


                  Book value                                                                                      19,975


                  Total                                                                                           29,867
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           351


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.33 Preference shares (continued)
     (2) Overseas preference shares main clauses
         (a) Dividend
            Fixed rate for a certain period after issuance. Dividend is reset every 5 years thereafter to the
            sum of the benchmark rate and the fixed spread. The fixed spread will be equal to the spread
            between the dividend rate at the time of issuance and the benchmark rate. The fixed spread
            will remain unchanged throughout the term of the Preference Shares. Dividends will be paid
            annually.


        (b) Conditions to distribution of dividends
            The Group could pay dividends while the Group still has distributable after-tax profit after
            making up previous years’ losses, contributing to the statutory reserve and making general
            provisions, and the Group’s capital adequacy ratio meets regulatory requirements. Preference
            shareholders of the Group are senior to the ordinary shareholders on the right to dividends.
            The Group may elect to cancel any dividend and does not constitute an event of default.
            However, such cancellation will require a shareholder’s resolution to be passed.


        (c) Dividend stopper
            If the Group cancels all or part of the dividends to the Preference Shareholders, the Group
            shall not make any dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders before the Group pays the
            dividends for the current dividend period to the Preference Shareholders in full.


        (d) Order of distribution and liquidation method
            This USD Preference Shareholders rank equally for payment. The Preference Shareholders
            will be subordinated to the depositors, ordinary creditors, holders of subordinated debt,
            holders of convertible bonds, holders of Tier 2 capital bonds, holders of Perpetual Bonds and
            holders of other Tier 2 capital instruments of the Group, but will be senior to the ordinary
            shareholders.


        (e) Mandatory conversion trigger events
            Upon the occurrence of an Additional Tier 1 Capital Trigger Event (Core Tier 1 Capital
            Adequacy Ratio of the Group falling to 5.125% or below), the Group shall have the right to
            convert all or part of the Preference Shares into H shares, in order to restore the Core Tier 1
            Capital Adequacy Ratio of the Group to above 5.125%; If Preference Shares were converted
            to H shares, it could not be converted to Preference Shares again.


            Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event (Earlier of the two situations: (1)
            CBIRC has determined that the Group would become non-viable if there is no conversion
            or write-down of capital; (2) the relevant authorities have determined that a public sector
            injection of capital or equivalent support is necessary, without which the Group would
            become non-viable), the Group shall have the right to convert all Preference Shares into H
            shares without the approval of preferred shareholders. If Preference Shares were converted
            to H shares, it could not be converted to Preference Shares again.
352 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.33 Preference shares (continued)
          (2) Overseas preference shares main clauses (continued)
              (f) Redemption
                     Under the premise of obtaining the approval of the CBIRC and condition of redemption,
                     the Group has right to redeem all or some of oversee preferred stocks in first call date and
                     subsequent any dividend payment date. The redemption price of overseas preference shares
                     is the product of issuance price and the dividends declared but not paid in the current period.


                     The First Redemption Date of USD Preference Shares is five years after issuance.

                (g) Dividend setting mechanism
                     Non-cumulative dividend is a dividend on preference shares, which does not cumulate
                     upon omission of payment so as to require payment of a passed or omitted dividend of one
                     year out of earnings of a following year. After receiving dividend at agreed dividend rate,
                     preference shareholders of the Group will not participate the distribution of residual profits
                     with ordinary shareholders.


                     The Group shall distribute dividends for the Preference Shares in cash, based on the total
                     amount of the issued and outstanding Preference Shares on the corresponding times (i.e. the
                     product of the issue price of preference shares and the number of the issued and outstanding
                     preference shares).


          (3) Domestic preference shares main clauses
              (a) Dividend
                     The non-public offering of domestic preferred shares (the “Domestic Preference Shares”)
                     adopts the dividend rate that can be adjusted in stages, with 5 years as a dividend rate
                     adjustment period, and within a dividend rate adjustment period, dividends are paid at the
                     same dividend rate as agreed. The dividend rate for the first dividend rate adjustment period
                     will be determined by enquiry. The dividend rate of the Domestic Preferred Shares issued this
                     time shall not be higher than the annual weighted average return on net assets of the Group
                     in the last two fiscal years. The nominal dividend rate includes two parts: the benchmark
                     interest rate and the fixed premium. The fixed premium is the dividend rate determined at
                     the time of issuance minus the benchmark interest rate at the time of issuance. Dividends
                     are paid annually.


                (b) Conditions to distribution of dividends
                     The Group could pay dividends while the Group still has distributable after-tax profit
                     after making up previous years’ losses, contributing to the statutory reserve and making
                     general provisions, and the Group’s capital adequacy ratio meets regulatory requirements.
                     Preference shareholders of the Group are senior to the ordinary shareholders on the right to
                     dividends. In order to meet the regulatory requirements of other Tier 1 capital instruments,
                     the Group has the right to cancel some or all of the dividends of preferred shares, and this
                     does not constitute an event of default. The Group may elect to cancel any dividend, but
                     such cancellation will require a shareholder’s resolution to be passed and investors shall be
                     informed in time.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           353


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.33 Preference shares (continued)
     (3) Domestic preference shares main clauses (continued)
         (c) Dividend stopper
            The Group will not pay dividends to the common shareholders unless the Group resolves to
            pay a full dividend on the current preferred shares.


        (d) Order of distribution and liquidation method
            The Domestic Preferred Shareholders have priority over the ordinary shareholders in the
            distribution of the Group’s remaining property, but the order of repayment is ranked after
            the depositors, general creditors and subordinated debts (including but not limited to
            subordinated debts, mixed capital bonds and secondary capital instruments).


        (e) Mandatory conversion trigger events
            If the core tier one capital adequacy ratio of the Group falls to 5.125% (or below), the
            Domestic Preferred Shares issued at that time will be converted into A-share common shares
            in full or in part, so as to restore the core tier one capital adequacy ratio to more than 5.125%.
            In the case of partial conversion, all the Domestic Preferred Shares issued at that time shall
            be converted to common shares on the same conditions in proportion.


            When the earlier of the following two situations occurs, the Domestic Preferred Shares
            issued this time will be converted into A-share common shares in full: 1) State Council
            banking regulatory agency determines that the Group will not survive without the conversion;
            2) the relevant departments determine that the Group will not survive without the public
            sector’s capital injection or the support of same effect.


        (f) Redemption
            With the prior approval of State Council banking regulatory agency, the Group may exercise
            the right of redemption under the following circumstances: (1) use the same or higher
            quality capital instruments to replace the redeemed Domestic Preferred Shares, and the
            Group’s income ability is sustainable; (2) or the capital level after the exercise of the right of
            redemption is still significantly higher than the regulatory capital requirements specified by
            the banking regulatory authority under the State Council. The redemption price is the sum of
            the nominal amount and the dividend that has been resolved to be paid but has not been paid
            in the current period.


            The Group has the right to redeem all or part of the domestic preference shares issued this
            time on the dividend payment date of the preference shares each year starting from the day
            after the expiration of 5 years after the issuance date (that is, 15 October 2019), and the
            redemption period ends on the day when all domestic preference shares are redeemed or
            converted. In the case of partial redemption, all domestic preference shares issued that time
            will be redeemed in proportion to the same conditions.
354 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.33 Preference shares (continued)
          (3) Domestic preference shares main clauses (continued)
              (g) Dividend setting mechanism
                       Non-cumulative dividend is a dividend on preference shares, which does not cumulate
                       upon omission of payment so as to require payment of a passed or omitted dividend of one
                       year out of earnings of a following year. After receiving dividend at agreed dividend rate,
                       preference shareholders of the Group will not participate the distribution of residual profits
                       with ordinary shareholders. The Domestic Preferred Shares holders are prioritised on dividend
                       distribution over common shareholders.

                       The dividend of the Domestic Preferred Shares issued this time shall be paid in cash once
                       a year. The interest starting date is the payment deadline of preferred stock investors (18
                       October 2019). The dividend payment day shall be the day of every full year since the
                       deadline for payment of preferred stock investors. In case of any legal holiday or non-working
                       days in China, it shall be postponed to the next trading day, and the dividend payable during
                       the extended period shall not be charged with additional interest.

     5.34 Perpetual bonds
          (1) Outstanding perpetual bonds at 31 December 2020

                  Financial
                  instrument                      Accounting            Original      Issue             In original                     Conversion
                  outstanding        Issue date   classification   interest rate      price   Amount      currency    In RMB Maturity   condition    Conversion
                                                                                              million
                                                                                              shares


                  RMB Perpetual                                                    RMB100/
                  Bonds              30/05/2019   Equity                 4.85%       Share       400        40,000    40,000 None       No           No


                  Total                                                                                               40,000
                  Less: Issue fees                                                                                        (7)


                  Book value                                                                                          39,993
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           355


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.34 Perpetual bonds (continued)
     (2) Main clauses
         (a) Principal amount
            RMB400 billion.


        (b) Maturity date
            The duration of the perpetual bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank.


        (c) Coupon rate
            The coupon rate of the perpetual bonds will be adjusted at defined intervals with a coupon
            rate adjustment period which is every 5 years since the payment settlement date. In any
            coupon rate adjusted period, the distribution payments on the perpetual bonds will be made
            at a prescribed fixed coupon rate. The coupon rate at the time of issuance will be determined
            by book running and centralised allocation.


            The coupon rate is determined by a benchmark rate plus a fixed spread. The benchmark
            rate is the arithmetic average of the yields to maturity of 5 trading days prior to the
            Announcement Date of the Subscription Agreement, as indicated by the yield to maturity
            curve of applicable 5-year China Treasury Notes (rounded up to 0.01%) published on www.
            ChinaBond.com.cn (or other websites approved by the China Central Depository & Clearing
            Co., Ltd.). The fixed spread is the difference between the coupon rate and the benchmark
            rate as determined at the time of issuance. The fixed spread will not be adjusted once
            determined.


        (d) Conditional redemption rights of the issuer
            The perpetual bonds issuance sets conditional redemption rights for the issuer. From the fifth
            anniversary since the issuance of the perpetual bonds, the issuer may redeem the perpetual
            bonds in whole or in part on each bond payment date (including the fifth bond payment date
            since the issuance). If, after the Issuance, the perpetual bonds no longer qualify as additional
            tier 1 capital as a result of an unforeseeable change or amendment to relevant provisions of
            supervisory regulations, the Bank may redeem all but not some only of the perpetual bonds.


        (e) Subordination
            The claims in respect of the perpetual bonds, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, will
            be subordinated to claims of depositors, general creditors, and subordinated indebtedness
            that ranks senior to the notes; will rank in priority to all classes of shares held by the Bank’s
            shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect of any other additional tier 1
            capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the perpetual bonds. If subsequent
            amendments to the PRC Enterprise Bankruptcy Law or relevant regulations are applicable,
            such relevant laws and regulations shall prevail.
356 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.34 Perpetual bonds (continued)
          (2) Main clauses (continued)
              (f) Interest payment
                     The Bank shall have the right to cancel, in whole or in part, distributions on the perpetual
                     bonds and any such cancellation shall not constitute an event of default. When exercising
                     such right, the Bank will take into full consideration the interest of the noteholders. The Bank
                     may, at its sole discretion, use the proceeds from the cancelled distributions to meet other
                     obligations as they fall due. The cancellation of any distributions on the perpetual bonds,
                     no matter in whole or in part, will not impose any other restriction on the Bank, except in
                     relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders. Any cancellation of any distribution
                     on the perpetual bonds, no matter in whole or in part, will require the deliberation and
                     approval of the general shareholders meeting. The Bank shall give notice to the investors on
                     such cancellation in a timely manner.

                     The perpetual bonds do not have any step-up mechanism or any other incentive to redeem.


                (g) Put option
                     Put option is not applicable.


          (3) Related information attributable to the holders of equity instruments
              Preference shares and perpetual bonds issued by the Bank are classified as equity instruments
                and are listed in the consolidated balance sheet under shareholders’ equity. In accordance with
                the relevant regulations of the CBIRC, the preferred shares and perpetual bonds issued by the
                Bank has met the criteria for qualifying other Tier 1 capital instruments.


                Interests attributable to the holders of equity instruments


                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                            2020             2019


                  Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank                  529,537          518,845
                    Equity attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Bank             459,677          448,985
                    Equity attributable to other equity holders of the Bank                 69,860           69,860
                      Of which: Net profit                                                   3,337              558
                                  Interest paid/dividends distributed
                                     during the period                                       3,337              558


                  Total equity attributable to non-controlling interests                    11,711           11,984
                    Equity attributable to non-controlling interests of
                      ordinary shares                                                       11,711           11,984
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           357


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.35 Surplus reserve, general reserve and retained earnings
     (1) Surplus reserve
         Under the Company Law of the PRC, Articles of the Bank and the resolution of the Board of
         Directors, the Bank is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit. When the statutory surplus
         reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital, the Bank is still required to appropriate 10% of
         its net profit. Subject to the approval of the equity shareholders, the statutory surplus reserve
         can be used for replenishing the accumulated losses or increasing the Bank’s share capital. The
         statutory surplus reserve amount used to increase the share capital is limited to a level where
         the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
         share capital.


         The Group appropriated RMB3,317 million statutory surplus reserve for the year ended 31
         December 2020 (2019: RMB5,251 million).


     (2) General reserve
         Pursuant to the Measures for Managing the Appropriation of Provisions of Financial Enterprises
         (Cai Jin [2012] No. 20) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Bank is required to provide for
         impairment losses of its assets and set aside a general reserve through the appropriation of
         net profits to cover potential losses against its assets. The general reserve is part of the equity
         shareholders’ interests and should not be less than 1.5% of the year-end balance of risk-bearing
         assets.


         The Bank’s subsidiaries appropriated their profits to the general reserve according to the
         applicable local regulations.


         The Group appropriated RMB4,878 million of profits to the general reserve for the year ended 31
         December 2020 (2019: RMB7,271 million).


     (3) Retained earnings
         As at 31 December 2020, the retained earnings included the statutory surplus reserve of RMB661
         million contributed by the subsidiaries and attributable to the Bank (31 December 2019: RMB589
         million). The surplus reserve of the subsidiaries attributable to the Bank included in the retained
         earnings cannot be distributed.


  5.36 Non-controlling interests
     As at 31 December 2020, the non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries were RMB11,711 million (31
     December 2019: RMB11,984 million).
358 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.37 Dividends
          (1) Dividends for ordinary shares
              The Board of directors proposed the profit distribution plan for year 2020 in the meeting held
              on 30 March 2021. The profit distribution plan would distribute cash dividends to registered
              A-share and H-share shareholders on the equity registration date. The cash dividend declared was
              RMB2.13 (including tax) for every 10 shares. A total dividend of RMB9,326 million was based on
              the total number of shares of 43,782 million as at 31 December 2020.


                The shareholders approved the cash dividend distribution execution plan for 2019 at the Annual
                General Meeting on 29 June 2020. The profit distribution plan would distribute cash dividends to
                registered A-share and H-share shareholders on the equity registration date. The cash dividend
                declared was RMB 3.70 (including tax) for every 10 shares. A total dividend of RMB 16,199
                million was based on the total number of shares of 43,782 million as at 31 December 2019.


                The shareholders approved the cash dividend distribution execution plan for 2018 at the Annual
                General Meeting on 21 June 2019. The profit distribution plan would distribute cash dividends to
                registered A-share and H-share shareholders on the equity registration date. The cash dividend
                declared was RMB 3.45 (including tax) for every 10 shares. A total dividend of RMB 15,105
                million was based on the total number of shares of 43,782 million as at 31 December 2018.


          (2) Dividends for preference shares
              According to the resolution on the distribution of dividends for overseas preference shares
              passed at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on 30 November 2020, dividend to be distributed
              amounts to RMB 521 million (including tax), calculated at the initial annual dividend rate of 4.95%
              (after tax) before the first reset date pursuant to the terms and conditions of overseas preference
              shares. The dividend payment date was 14 December 2020.


                According to the resolution on the distribution of dividends for domestic preference shares
                passed at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on 28 August 2020, dividend to be distributed
                amounted to RMB 876 million (including tax), calculated at the coupon rate of 4.38% (including
                tax). The dividend payment date was 19 October 2020.


                According to the resolution on the distribution of dividends for overseas preference shares
                passed at the Board of Directors’ meeting held on 30 October 2019, dividend to be distributed
                amounted to RMB 558 million (including tax), calculated at the initial annual dividend rate of
                4.95% (after tax) before the first reset date pursuant to the terms and conditions of overseas
                preference shares. The dividend payment date was 16 December 2019.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2020           359


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                            (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.37 Dividends (continued)
     (3) Perpetual bond interest
         On 30 May 2020, the Bank calculated the perpetual bond interest based on the initial annual
         interest rate before the first interest rate reset date of 4.85% as determined by the perpetual
         bond terms and conditions. The perpetual bond interest distributed was RMB 1,940 million
         (including tax).


  5.38 Investment revaluation reserve and cash flow hedging reserve
     Investment revaluation reserve and cash flow hedging reserve attributable to equity holders of the
     Bank in the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                    Investment
                                                    revaluation         Cash flow
                                                        reserve    hedging reserve                            Total


      As at 1 January 2020                                1,822                        (3)                    1,819
      Net changes in amount for the period               (3,541)                      (21)                   (3,562)
      Retained earnings convert from
        investment revaluation reserve                      (21)                         –                       (21)


      As at 31 December 2020                             (1,740)                      (24)                   (1,764)


                                                    Investment
                                                    revaluation         Cash flow
                                                        reserve    hedging reserve                            Total


      As at 1 January 2019                                1,133                        23                     1,156
      Net changes in amount for the period                  686                       (26)                      660
      Retained earnings convert from
        investment revaluation reserve                        3                          –                          3


      As at 31 December 2019                              1,822                         (3)                   1,819
360 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
     5.39 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement
          Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows consist of the following:

                                                                                  31 December      31 December
                                                                                         2020             2019


            Cash (Note 5.10)                                                              5,360            5,762
            Surplus deposit reserve with central bank (Note 5.10)                        63,799           41,921
            Original maturity within 3 months:
              – Balances with banks and other financial institutions                     48,559           44,764
              – Placements with banks and other financial institutions                   40,201           52,203


            Total                                                                       157,919          144,650


     5.40 Transferred financial assets
          The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business whereby it transfers recognised
          financial assets to third parties or to structured entities. In some cases these transfers may give rise
          to full or partial de-recognition of the financial assets concerned. In other cases where the transferred
          assets do not qualify for de-recognition as the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
          these assets, the Group continues to recognise the transferred assets.


          (1) Securitisation transactions
              The Group enters into securitisation transactions by which it transfers loans to structured entities
              which issue asset-backed securities to investors. The Group assessed among other factors,
              whether or not to derecognise the transferred assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains
              the risks and rewards of the assets and whether it has relinquished control over these assets.


                In 2020, securitisation transactions of RMB2,023 million were transferred by the Group (2019:
                RMB19,980 million). These transactions were all qualified for full de-recognition concluded by the
                Group.


          (2) Transfer of non-performing financial assets
              In 2020, the Group disposed non-performing financial assets with a total carrying amount of
              RMB43,993 million (2019: RMB21,257 million) through transfers to third parties. The Group had
              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of these non-performing financial assets and
              accordingly derecognised these transferred non-performing financial assets.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           361


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


5 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
  5.40 Transferred financial assets (continued)
     (3) Securities lending transactions
         For debt securities lent to counterparties under securities lending agreements, the counterparties
         are allowed to sell or re-pledge these securities in the absence of default by the Group, but have
         an obligation to return the securities at the maturity of the contract. The Group has determined
         that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore has not
         derecognised them. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of debt securities lent to
         counterparties was RMB100 million (31 December 2019: RMB3,425 million).


6 Contingent liabilities and commitments
  6.1 Credit commitments
     Credit commitments take the form of approved loans with signed contracts, credit card limits,
     financial guarantees and letters of credit. The Group regularly assesses the contingent losses of its
     credit commitments and makes allowances where necessary.


     The contractual amounts of loans and credit card commitments represent the cash outflows should
     the contracts be fully drawn upon. The amounts of guarantees and letters of credit represent the
     maximum potential loss that would be recognised if counterparties fail to fully perform as contracted.
     Acceptances comprise undertakings by the Group to pay bills of exchange drawn on customers. The
     Group expects most acceptances to be settled simultaneously with the reimbursement from the
     customers.


     As the credit facilities may expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts set out in the
     following table do not represent expected future cash outflows.

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2020                   2019


      Bank acceptances                                                                403,532                542,571
      Guarantees                                                                      158,889                159,266
      Letters of credit                                                               116,333                136,952
      Unused credit card commitments                                                  478,980                440,038
      Irrevocable credit commitments
         – original maturity date within 1 year                                           9,862                 9,828
         – original maturity date over 1 year                                             3,154                36,771


      Total                                                                         1,170,750             1,325,426
362 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6 Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
     6.1 Credit commitments (continued)
          Details of credit loss of off-balance-sheet credit commitments (Note 5.29).

                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2020              2019


            Credit risk weighted amounts of credit commitments                          320,848       359,161


     6.2 Capital commitments

                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2020              2019


            Contracted but not paid for                                                  15,775        30,463


     6.3 Collateral
          (1) Assets pledged
              The book value of assets used as collateral for business such as borrowings from banks and
              other financial institutions, selling for repurchase, borrowings from central bank, derivative
              transactions and precious metal transactions are as follows:

                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2020              2019


                  Financial investments                                                 419,444       359,088
                  Loans
                    – discounted bills                                                   21,192        42,905
                  Long-term receivables                                                  25,486        15,326
                  Property and equipment                                                 10,681        15,172
                  Balances with banks and other financial institutions                    7,951         7,415
                  Others                                                                  1,526         1,209


                  Total                                                                 486,280       441,115


          (2) Collateral received
              The Group received debt securities and bills as collateral in connection with the purchase of
              assets under resale agreements and securities lending transactions. As at 31 December 2020,
              the fair value of the collateral that the Group had sold, but was obligated to return, was RMB758
              million (31 December 2019: RMB729 million).
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           363


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


6 Contingent liabilities and commitments (continued)
  6.4 Underwriting of securities

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2020                   2019


      Medium and short-term finance bills                                             260,500                260,315


  6.5 Redemption commitments
     As an underwriting agent of certificated PRC government bonds, the Bank has the obligation to buy
     back those bonds sold by it should the holders decide to redeem the bonds early. The redemption
     price for the bonds at any time before their maturity date is based on the coupon value plus any
     interest unpaid and accrued up to the redemption date. The amount of redemption obligation, which
     represents the nominal value of government bonds underwritten and sold by the Bank, but not yet
     matured as at 31 December 2020 was RMB829 million (31 December 2019: RMB2,239 million). The
     original maturities of the bonds vary from one to five years.


  6.6 Outstanding litigation
     A number of outstanding litigation matters against the Group had arisen in the normal course of
     its business as at 31 December 2020. With consideration of the professional advice, the Group’s
     management accrued provisions for these litigation matters.


7 Interests in structured entities
  7.1 Consolidated structured entities
     Consolidated structured entities are mainly principal guaranteed wealth management products
     sponsored and managed by the Group, the Group has guaranteed the investors’ principal investment,
     regardless of their actual performance. Investments made by these products and the corresponding
     liabilities to the investors of these products are presented in financial assets at fair value through
     profit and loss and deposits from customers, respectively.


     As at 31 December 2019, the principal wealth management products guaranteed, sponsored and
     managed by the Group amounted to RMB2,000 million, which have been matured and paid during
     2020.
364 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


7 Interests in structured entities (continued)
     7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities
          (1) Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions in which the Group holds an
              interest
              Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions include asset-backed
              securities, wealth management products, asset management plans, trust plans, funds and others.
              The Group has no obligation or intention to provide financial support to these structured entities,
              recognised interest income, net trading gain and net gain from investment securities therefrom.


                The following tables set out an analysis of the line items in the statement of financial position in
                which assets are recognised relating to the Group’s interests in structured entities sponsored by
                third parties:

                                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                                                         Financial
                                                                     Financial                              assets
                                                                        assets        Financial      at fair value
                                                                 at fair value           assets    through other
                                                               through profit      measured at    comprehensive
                                                                     and loss    amortised cost            income      Total


                  Asset-backed securities                                 304          227,833             75,062    303,199
                  Funds                                               190,744                –                  –    190,744
                  Trust and asset management
                    plans                                              10,168          133,800                  –    143,968
                  Wealth management products                            4,197                –                  –      4,197
                  Others                                                3,332                –                  –      3,332


                  Total                                               208,745          361,633             75,062    645,440
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           365


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


7 Interests in structured entities (continued)
  7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
     (1) Structured entities sponsored by third party institutions in which the Group holds an
         interest (continued)

                                                                 31 December 2019
                                                                                     Financial
                                               Financial                                assets
                                                  assets        Financial        at fair value
                                           at fair value           assets      through other
                                         through profit      measured at       comprehensive
                                               and loss    amortised cost              income                     Total


          Trust and asset management
            plans                                84,001           203,829                     –                287,830
          Asset-backed securities                 2,083           115,332               121,054                238,469
          Wealth management
            products                            178,201                   –                      –             178,201
          Funds                                 125,798                   –                      –             125,798
          Others                                  3,280                   –                      –               3,280


          Total                                 393,363           319,161               121,054                833,578


        The maximum exposures to loss in the above asset-backed securities, funds, trust and asset
        management plans, wealth management products and others are the amortised cost or fair value
        of the assets held by the Group at the reporting date in accordance with the line items of these
        assets recognised in the statement of financial positions.


     (2) Structured entities sponsored and/or managed by the Group
         Structured entities sponsored and/or managed but not consolidated by the Group primarily include
         non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products, funds, asset management plans and trust
         plans. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from managing
         assets on behalf of investors. Interests held by the Group are mainly fees charged by providing
         management services. The Group has no obligation or intention to provide financial support to
         these structured entities.


        In July 2020, the regulators announced the extension to the end of 2021 of the transition
        period set out in the Guiding Opinions on Improving the Compliance of the Asset Management
        Operations of Financial Institutions , encouraging financial institutions to adopt a combination
        of methods to dispose their existing portfolio, including assumption in the new products,
        market-oriented transfer, and/or recognition in the balance sheet. The Bank is moving steadily
        ahead with the relevant work to ensure the smooth transition and robust development of the
        asset and wealth management business. In 2020, the Group included part of the non-principal-
        guaranteed wealth management products issued in the Group’s financial investments.
366 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


7 Interests in structured entities (continued)
     7.2 Unconsolidated structured entities (continued)
          (2) Structured entities sponsored and/or managed by the Group (continued)
              As at 31 December 2020, the balance of non-principal-guaranteed wealth management products
              sponsored and managed but not consolidated by the Group is RMB861,132 million (31 December
              2019: RMB894,098 million), and the balance of funds, asset management plans and trust
              beneficiary plans sponsored and/or managed but not consolidated by the Group is RMB233,095
              million (31 December 2019: RMB291,533 million).


                For the year ended 31 December 2020, the amount of fee and commission income received
                from the abovementioned structured entities by the Group is RMB5,405 million (For the year
                ended 31 December 2019: RMB5,159 million). As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019,
                the carrying amounts of management fee receivables being recognised are not material in the
                statement of financial positions.


8 Fiduciary activities
     The Group commonly acts as a trustee, or in other fiduciary capacities, that result in its holding or
     managing assets on behalf of individuals, trusts and other institutions. These assets and any gains or
     losses arising thereon are not included in these financial statements as they are not the Group’s assets.


     The balance of investment fund under custodian by the Group was RMB770,767 million as at 31
     December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB625,566 million). The balance of corporate annuity funds
     under custodian by the Group was RMB603,339 million as at 31 December 2020 (31 December 2019:
     RMB587,766 million). And the Group’s balances of entrusted loans were RMB222,672 million as at 31
     December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB224,853 million).


9 Related parties
     9.1 Related parties
          (1) Related parties of the Group refer to entities controlled, or jointly controlled by or under
              significant influence of the Group; entities that control, jointly control or have significant influence
              over the Group; or entities with which the Group is under control, joint control or significant
              influence of another party. Related parties can be individuals or enterprises.


                Related parties that have significant influence on the Group include: members of the Board of
                Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior management of head office and branches, people
                who have the power to decide or participate in the Bank’s credit granting and asset transfer and
                close family members of such individuals; controlling natural person shareholders, members
                of the Board of Directors and key management personnel of the Bank’s related legal persons
                or other organisations (excluding the legal persons or other organisations that are under direct,
                indirect or joint control of or under significant influence of the Bank’s insiders, major natural
                person shareholder and close family members of such individuals); entities and their subsidiaries
                controlled or jointly controlled by members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors
                and senior management of head office and branches, people who have the power to decide or
                participate in the Bank’s credit granting and asset transfer and their close family members of
                such individuals; major shareholders with the power to influence the Bank’s operating or financial
                policies, and entities controlled or jointly controlled by these major shareholders.
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020                      367


                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.1 Related parties (continued)
     (2) The Bank’s major shareholders

                                                                31 December 2020                  31 December 2019
                                                                             Proportion                        Proportion
                                                                               of shares                         of shares
                                                                            of the Bank                       of the Bank
                                                         No. of Shares of   held by the    No. of Shares of   held by the
                                        Registered         the Bank held      Company        the Bank held      Company                                         Legal
          Company name                  location         by the Company              (%)   by the Company              (%)   Business         Legal form        representative
                                                                  (share)                           (share)                  (a)


          Dajia Life Insurance Inc.     Beijing            7,810,214,889           17.84     7,810,214,889           17.84   Insurance        Joint stock     He Xiaofeng
                                                                                                                             business         limited company
          Huaxia Life Insurance         Tianjin            2,148,793,436            4.91     2,148,793,436            4.91   Insurance        Joint stock     Wang Yi
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        business         limited company
          Orient Group Incorporation    Heilongjiang       1,280,117,123            2.92     1,280,117,123            2.92   Wholesaling      Joint stock     Sun Mingtao
                                                                                                                                              limited company
          Oriental Group Co., Ltd.      Heilongjiang          35,000,000            0.08        35,000,000            0.08   Commercial       Limited         Zhang Xianfeng
                                                                                                                             service          company
          China Oceanwide Holdings      Beijing            2,019,182,618            4.61     2,019,182,618            4.61   Commercial       Limited         Lu Zhiqiang
            Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  service          company
          Oceanwide International       British Virgin       604,300,950            1.38       604,300,950            1.38   Investment       Limited         (b)
            Equity Investment Limited   Islands                                                                              holding          company
          China Oceanwide               Hong Kong              8,237,520            0.02         8,237,520            0.02   Investment       Limited         (b)
            International                                                                                                    holding          company
            Investment Co., Ltd.
          Long Prosper Capital          British Virgin       408,000,000            0.93       408,000,000            0.93   Investment       Limited           (b)
            Company Limited             Islands                                                                              holding          company
          New Hope Liuhe Investment     Lhasa              1,828,327,362            4.18     1,828,327,362            4.18   Commercial       Limited           Wang Pusong
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        service          company
          South Hope Industrial         Lhasa                343,177,327            0.78       199,775,827            0.46   Retailing        Limited           Li Jianxiong
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         company
          Shanghai Giant Lifetech       Shanghai           1,379,679,587            3.15     1,379,679,587            3.15   Retailing        Limited           Wei Wei
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         company
          China Shipowners Mutual       Beijing            1,324,284,453            3.02     1,324,284,453            3.02   Insurance        National social   Song Chunfeng
            Assurance Association                                                                                            business         groups
          Tongfang Guoxin Investment    Chongqing          1,888,530,701            4.31     1,865,558,336            4.26   Capital market   Limited           Liu Qinqin
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                                        service          company
368 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.1 Related parties (continued)
          (2) The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)

                                                                   31 December 2020                  31 December 2019
                                                                                Proportion                        Proportion
                                                                                  of shares                         of shares
                                                                               of the Bank                       of the Bank
                                                            No. of Shares of   held by the    No. of Shares of   held by the
                                               Registered     the Bank held      Company        the Bank held      Company                                        Legal
                  Company name                 location     by the Company              (%)   by the Company              (%)   Business          Legal form      representative
                                                                     (share)                           (share)                  (a)
                  Chongqing International      Chongqing        113,091,421           0.26        140,463,786           0.32    Other financial   Joint stock     Weng Zhenjie
                    Trust Co., Ltd.                                                                                             industry          limited company
                  Good First Group Co., Ltd.   Shanghai         206,340,026           0.47        544,300,026           1.24    Wholesaling       Limited         Wu Di
                                                                                                                                                  company
                  Tibet Rong Jie Corporate     Tibet            125,249,600           0.29        125,249,600           0.29    Commercial        Limited         Chen Zhenling
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                        service           company
                  Tibet Heng Xun Corporate     Tibet            105,844,780           0.24        105,844,780           0.24    Commercial        Limited         Hong Zhihua
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                        service           company
                  Tibet Fu Ju Investment       Tibet            340,922,400           0.78                N/A            N/A    Commercial        Limited         Wu Di
                    Co., Ltd.                                                                                                   service           company


                (a) Particulars of principal operations
                       Dajia Life Insurance Inc.: life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance and other types
                       of life insurance business; reinsurance for the aforementioned business operations; business
                       operations involving the use of insurance funds as permitted by relevant laws and regulations
                       of the state; other business activities as approved by the former China Insurance Regulatory
                       Commission.


                       Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.: life insurance, health insurance, accident insurance and other
                       types of life insurance business, reinsurance for the aforementioned business operations;
                       business operations involving the use of insurance funds as permitted by relevant laws and
                       regulations of the state; other business activities as approved by the former China Insurance
                       Regulatory Commission.


                       Orient Group Incorporation: food procurement; import and export of goods (or technologies)
                       (other than those prohibited by the state, and engagement in state-run trade or
                       state-controlled projects permissible only after obtaining proper authorisations or licenses);
                       foreign economic and technical cooperation; foreign project contracting; occupational
                       intermediary; real estate property management; distribution of light construction materials,
                       furniture, home decoration materials, construction machinery, hardware and electrical
                       appliances, and sanitary wares; manufacturing and sales of electrical contact materials,
                       development of silver-free contact related products; food sales, rice planting, high-quality
                       seed cultivation, and related research and development.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           369


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.1 Related parties (continued)
     (2) The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)
         (a) Particulars of principal operations (continued)
            Oriental Group Co., Ltd.: (Formerly Oriental Group Investment Holdings Co., Ltd.): project
            investment; investment management; real estate development; import and export agency;
            goods import and export; and economic and trade consulting, etc.


            China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.: finance; real estate and investment management,
            etc.


            Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited: investment holdings, etc.


            China Oceanwide International Investment Co, Ltd.: investment holdings, etc.


            Long Prosper Capital Company Limited: investment holdings, etc.


            New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.: venture capital; investment management; financial
            advisory; wealth management consulting; corporate restructuring consulting; market survey;
            credit investigation; technology development and transfer; technical consulting services, etc.


            South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.: Feed research and development; wholesale and retail:
            electronic products, hardware fittings and parts and electrical wares and products,
            household commodities, knitwear and textiles, stationery and office supplies (excluding color
            photocopiers), building materials (excluding hazardous chemicals and wood), agricultural
            product, byproducts and distinctive local goods and produce (excluding those specified by the
            state), chemical products (excluding hazardous chemicals), and machinery and equipment;
            investment and consulting services (excluding intermediary services).

            Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.: food production and sales (through branch networks); sales
            of cosmetics, cleaning supplies, health care equipment, kitchenware; R&D, technological
            consultation, technological services and technology transfer in relation to health care food;
            wholesale of pre-packaged food (excluding pre-cooked food and sauced food, frozen and
            refrigerated food); investment management; asset management; investment consulting;
            business information consulting; and business management consulting.

            China Shipowners Mutual Assurance Association: marine mutual insurance; business training;
            maritime exchanges; international cooperation; and consulting services.

            Tongfang Guoxin Investment Co., Ltd.: transportation facilities maintenance; engineering
            management services; standardised services; planning and design management; corporate
            headquarters management; business management; commercial complex management
            services; external contracting projects; real estate property management; proprietary
            investments (forbidden financial operations include: absorption of public deposits or
            disguised absorption of public deposits, loans and securities offering, and futures, etc.);
            investment-related advisory services in relation to market information and investment
            policies to its affiliates; corporate restructuring and M&A planning and advisory services
            (Where pre-approval is required, the company may engage in such business operations after
            obtaining the approval of competent authorities as per relevant laws and regulations).
370 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.1 Related parties (continued)
          (2) The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)
              (a) Particulars of principal operations (continued)
                     Chongqing International Trust Co., Ltd.: fund trusts, movable property trusts, real estate
                     trusts, securities trusts, other property or property rights trusts; investment fund business
                     as the sponsor of investment funds or fund management companies; asset restructuring,
                     mergers and acquisitions and project financing, corporate wealth management, financial
                     consulting, etc.; entrusted securities underwriting as approved by relevant departments of
                     the State Council; intermediary, consulting, credit investigation services; safekeeping and
                     safe deposit box services; placement with banks and other financial institutions, lending to
                     banks and other financial institutions, loans, leases and investments with proprietary assets;
                     guarantees with proprietary assets; placement with and lending to banks and other financial
                     institutions; other business operations permissible under relevant laws and regulations or
                     as approved by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (all above in both
                     Renminbi and foreign currencies).

                     Good First Group Co., Ltd.: high-tech product R&D and sales, industrial investments;
                     investments in education, agriculture, industry, entertainment and health care industry;
                     sales of photography and new building materials; wholesale and retail: chemicals (excluding
                     hazardous chemicals and restricted chemicals), knitwear and textiles, hardware fittings and
                     parts and electric wares and products, household commodities, metal materials, construction
                     materials, automobiles (excluding passenger cars) and parts, general machinery, electronic
                     products and communications equipment, and mineral products as approved by the state.

                     Tibet Rong Jie Corporate Management Co., Ltd.: business management services (excluding
                     investment management and investment consulting); corporate image, promotion and
                     branding services; exhibition and demonstration services; market survey (excluding those
                     involving national secrets and personal privacy); retail of building and auxiliary materials
                     and metal materials; sales of feed, fertiliser, rubber products, and raw chemical materials
                     (excluding hazardous chemicals and chemicals that can be easily used to produce addictive
                     drugs); investments in the medical industry (forbidden operations include: equity investments;
                     fundraising through public offerings, absorption of public deposits, loans; public trading of
                     securities investment products or financial derivative products; financial products, wealth
                     management products and related derivative businesses). (Where pre-approval is required,
                     the company may engage in such business operations after obtaining the approval of
                     competent authorities as per relevant laws and regulations).


                     Tibet Heng Xun Corporate Management Co., Ltd.: corporate image, promoting and branding
                     services; exhibition and demonstration services; market survey (excluding those involving
                     national secrets and personal privacy); retail of building materials and auxiliary building
                     materials; sales of feed and raw materials, fertilisers, rubber products, raw chemical materials
                     (excluding hazardous chemicals and chemicals that can be easily used to produce addictive
                     drugs), and metal materials (Where pre-approval is required, the company may engage
                     in such business operations after obtaining the approval of competent authorities as per
                     relevant laws and regulations).
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           371


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.1 Related parties (continued)
     (2) The Bank’s major shareholders (continued)
         (a) Particulars of principal operations (continued)
            Tibet Fu Ju Investment Co., Ltd.: investments in commercial, agricultural, medical,
            entertainment and education industries (forbidden operations include: trust, financial
            asset management, and securities asset management business; also excluded: securities,
            insurance, funds, financial business and their restricted activities). (Where pre-approval is
            required, the company may engage in such business operations after obtaining the approval
            of competent authorities as per relevant laws and regulations).


        (b) The Oceanwide International Equity Investment Limited, China Oceanwide International
            Investment Company Limited and Long Prosper Capital Company Limited are entities
            incorporated overseas, and are ultimately controlled by Mr. Lu Zhiqiang.


            The information of registered capital of the related parties as at the end of the reporting
            period is as below:

              Company name                                     31 December 2020               31 December 2019


              Dajia Life Insurance Inc.                        RMB30,790 million               RMB30,790 million
              Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                  RMB15,300 million               RMB15,300 million
              Orient Group Incorporation                        RMB3,715 million                RMB3,715 million
              Oriental Group Co., Ltd.                          RMB1,000 million                RMB1,000 million
              China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.         RMB20,000 million               RMB20,000 million
              Oceanwide International Equity Investment
                Limited                                           USD0.05 million                  USD0.05 million
              China Oceanwide International Investment
                Co., Ltd.                                       HKD1,548 million                 HKD1,548 million
              Long Prosper Capital Company Limited               USD0.05 million                  USD0.05 million
              New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.                RMB577 million                   RMB577 million
              South Hope Industrial Co., Ltd.                   RMB1,034 million                 RMB1,034 million
              Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.                  RMB245 million                   RMB245 million
              China Shipowners Mutual Assurance
                Association                                      RMB0.10 million                 RMB0.10 million
              Tongfang Guoxin Investment Co., Ltd.              RMB2,574 million                RMB2,574 million
              Chongqing International Trust Co., Ltd.          RMB15,000 million               RMB15,000 million
              Good First Group Co., Ltd.                         RMB133 million                  RMB133 million
              Tibet Heng Xun Corporate Management Co.,
                Ltd.                                                RMB10 million                    RMB10 million
              Tibet Rong Jie Corporate Management
                Co., Ltd.                                          RMB10 million                     RMB10 million
              Tibet Fu Ju Investment Co., Ltd.                    RMB300 million                              N/A
372 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.1 Related parties (continued)
          (3) The detailed information of the Bank’s subsidiaries is set out in Note 5.21.
          (4) Relationship with related parties

                  Company name                                            Relationship with the Bank


                  SHR FSST, LLC                                        Related party of Dajia Life Insurance Inc.
                  Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.       Related party of Dajia Life Insurance Inc.
                  UNITED ENERGY GROUP (HONG KONG) LIMITED              Related party of Orient Group Incorporation
                  Oriental Group Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Co., Ltd.Related party of Orient Group Incorporation
                  Yumi Net Supply Chain (Dalian) Co., Ltd.             Related party of Orient Group Incorporation
                  CHINA TONGHAI INTERNATIONAL                          Related party of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
                    FINANCIAL LIMITED                                  Ltd.
                  Oceanwide Holding Co., Ltd.                          Related party of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
                                                                       Ltd.
                  Wuhan Centre Building Development Investment         Related party of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
                    Co., Ltd.                                          Ltd.
                  Wuhan CBD Co., Ltd.                                  Related party of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
                                                                       Ltd.
                  Beijing Oceanwide Dongfeng Real Estate Co., Ltd.     Related party of China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co.,
                                                                       Ltd.
                  Grassroots Joint Venture Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Chengdu Hengjilong Real Estate Co., Ltd.             Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Chengdu New Hope Real Estate Co., Ltd.               Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Sichuan Guida Industrial Co., Ltd.                   Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Sichuan Special Drive Education Management Co., Ltd. Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Sichuan Hope Education Industry Group Co. Ltd.       Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Wenzhou Xinjintian Real Estate Co., Ltd.             Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Chongqing Yujinyue Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Jiang’an Dekang Feed Co., Ltd.                       Related party of New Hope Liuhe Investment Co., Ltd.
                  Alxa Fengwei Photoelectronic Co., Ltd.               Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                  Giant Network Group Co., Ltd.                        Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                  Inner Mongolia Qinghua Group New Energy              Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                    Photovoltaic Co., Ltd.
                  Shanghai Gold Partner Biotechnology Co., Ltd.        Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                  Shanghai Jianjiu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.             Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                  Shanghai Zhunji Business Consulting Partnership (LP) Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                  Chongqing Cibi Business Information Consulting       Related party of Shanghai Giant Lifetech Co., Ltd.
                    Co., Ltd.
                  Chongqing Yufu Highway Co., Ltd.                     Related party of Tongfang Guoxin Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           373


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.1 Related parties (continued)
     (4) Relationship with related parties (continued)


          Company name                                        Relationship with the Bank
          Xiamen University Electronic Information Technology  Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
            Co. Ltd.
          Xiamen Jingding Sports Culture Development Co., Ltd. Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Xiamen Rongyin Co., Ltd.                             Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Xiamen Dazu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.        Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Xiamen Tongxincheng Industry and Trade Co., Ltd.     Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Tianjin Haihui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.     Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Zhangzhou Tangcheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.            Related party of Good First Group Co., Ltd.
          Orient Hope Baotou Rare Earth Aluminium Co., Ltd.    Related party of Orient Hope Group Co., Ltd.
          Guangzhou Hanguohengsheng Real Estate Development Related party of management board of the Bank
            Co., Ltd.
          Shanghai Songjiang Water Company                     Shareholder of Subsidiary, Songjiang Rural Bank
          Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.                       Companies funded by the Union Committee of the Bank
          Minsheng Pension Co., Ltd.                           Related party of Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.
          Minsheng Fintech Co., Ltd.                           Related party of Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.
          Neural Management of Comprehensive Channels          Related party of Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.
            Co., Ltd.
          Beijing Changrong Heyin Investment Management        Related party of Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.
            Co., Ltd.
          Minsheng E-Commerce Holdings (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Companies funded by major shareholders
                                                               and subsidiaries of the Bank
          Hongtai Keystone Asset Management Co., Ltd.          Companies funded by Union Committee of credit card
                                                               centre and related parties of the Bank


     (5) Related natural persons
         Related natural persons of the Group include: members of the Board of Directors, the Board of
         Supervisors and senior management of head office and branches, people who have the power to
         decide or participate in the Bank’s credit granting and asset transfer and close family members of
         such individuals; controlling natural person shareholders, members of the Board of Directors and
         key management personnel of the Bank’s related legal persons or other organisations (excluding
         the legal persons or other organisations that are under direct, indirect or joint control of or under
         significant influence of the Bank’s insiders, major natural person shareholders and close family
         members of such individuals). According to the criteria for identifying related natural persons
         stipulated by CBIRC in the Administrative Measures for the Management of Related Party
         Transactions between Commercial Banks and Their Staff Members and Shareholders , by the end
         of 2020, the Bank had a total of 8,135 related natural persons, where its directors and their close
         relatives totalled 148, supervisors and their close relatives totalled 112, senior executives at the
         head office and their close relatives totalled 75, and senior executives of the branches and those
         with decision-making authority over or with involvement in the Bank’s credit line determination
         and asset transfers and their close relatives totalled 7,225. The controlling natural person
         shareholders, directors and key management personnel of the Bank’s related legal entities or
         other organisations totalled 575.
374 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.2 Related party transactions
          (1) Major related party transactions
              Major related party transactions refer to transactions in which the ratio of a single transaction
              amount to the bank’s net capital is more than 1% of a single related party, or the cumulative
              transaction balance to the bank’s net capital is more than 5%. In 2020, the Group granted a
              loan to Dajia Life Insurance Inc. under normal commercial terms, with the transaction amount of
              RMB11.50 billion. In 2019, the Group granted a loan to Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance
              Co., under normal commercial terms, with the transaction amount of RMB18.00 billion.


          (2) Pricing policy
              Transactions between the Group and related parties are mainly conducted in the normal course
              of its business and under normal commercial terms. The pricing policies are no more favourable
              than those offered to independent third parties.


          (3) Loans to related parties
              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                         Types of               31 December   31 December
                                                                         collateral                    2020          2019


                  Dajia Life Insurance Inc.                              Pledged                     11,500             –
                  Shanghai Zhunji Business Consulting Partnership (LP)   Pledged & Guaranteed         7,514         7,516
                  Oceanwide Holding Co., Ltd.                            Pledged                      5,100         2,400
                                                                         Guaranteed                   4,100         4,100
                  Chongqing Cibi Business Information
                    Consulting Co., Ltd.                                 Pledged & Guaranteed         6,617         6,619
                  China Oceanwide Holdings Group Co., Ltd.               Pledged                      4,673         4,275
                  Wuhan Centre Building Development
                    Investment Co., Ltd.                                 Guaranteed                   3,972         3,974
                  UNITED ENERGY GROUP (HONG KONG) LIMITED                Pledged & Guaranteed         3,455         3,838
                  Orient Group Incorporation                             Collateralised               2,131         2,585
                                                                         Guaranteed                     524             –
                                                                         Pledged                        455             –
                  Wuhan CBD Co., Ltd.                                    Guaranteed                   3,056             –
                  Beijing Changrong Heyin Investment
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                 Pledged                      3,000         3,000
                  Oriental Group Co., Ltd.                               Pledged                      1,197           798
                                                                         Guaranteed                     498           500
                  Wenzhou Xinjintian Real Estate Co., Ltd. (b)           Collateralised               1,538           N/A
                  Tianjin Haihui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.       Collateralised               1,147           680
                  Chengdu Hengjilong Real Estate Co., Ltd.               Collateralised               1,000         1,550
                  Xiamen Jingding Sports Culture Development Co., Ltd.   Collateralised                 770           560
                  SHR FSST, LLC                                          Collateralised                 582           698
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           375


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
     (3) Loans to related parties (continued)
         Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period (continued) :

                                                                  Types of                          31 December            31 December
                                                                  collateral                               2020                   2019


          CHINA TONGHAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL LIMITED           Guaranteed                                  505                    717
          Sichuan Hope Education Industry Group Co., Ltd.         Pledged                                     500                    250
          Xiamen Rongyin Co., Ltd.                                Pledged                                     450                    786
                                                                  Collateralised                                –                     91
          Guangzhou Hanguohengsheng Real Estate Development
             Co., Ltd. (b)                                        Guaranteed                                  440                    N/A
          Xiamen Tongxincheng Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. (b)    Guaranteed                                  350                    N/A
                                                                  Pledged                                      22                    N/A
          Shanghai Jianjiu Biotechnology Co., Ltd.                Guaranteed                                  350                    350
          Zhangzhou Tangcheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.               Collateralised                              316                    436
          Chongqing Yujinyue Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.    Collateralised                              300                    700
          Orient Hope Baotou Rare Earth Aluminum Co., Ltd.        Guaranteed                                  300                      –
          Tongfang Guoxin Investment Co., Ltd.                    Pledged                                     250                      –
          Xiamen University Electronic Information
             Technology Co., Ltd.                                 Pledged                                     200                    130
          Xiamen Dazu Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.           Collateralised                              200                    350
          Shanghai Gold Partner Biotechnology Co., Ltd.           Guaranteed                                  150                    150
          Grassroots Joint Venture Capital (Beijing) Co., Ltd.    Pledged & Guaranteed                        149                    150
          Jiang’an Dekang Feed Co., Ltd.                          Guaranteed                                   50                      –
          Chongqing Yufu Highway Co., Ltd.                        Pledged                                       6                     13
          Giant Network Group Co., Ltd.                           Guaranteed                                    –                    387
          Sichuan Guida Industrial Co., Ltd.                      Collateralised                                –                    280
          Sichuan Special Drive Education Management Co., Ltd.    Collateralised                                –                    150
          Chengdu New Hope Real Estate Co., Ltd.                  Collateralised                                –                    110
          Shanghai Songjiang Water Company                        Guaranteed                                    –                    104
          Oriental Group Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Co., Ltd.   Pledged                                       –                     50
          Anbang Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd. (a)      Pledged                                     N/A                 18,000
          Beijing Oceanwide Dongfeng Real Estate Co., Ltd. (a)    Collateralised                              N/A                  3,675
          Alxa Fengwei Photoelectric Co., Ltd. (a)                Pledged                                     N/A                    333
                                                                  Guaranteed                                  N/A                     96
          Inner Mongolia Qinghua Group New Energy
             Photovoltaic Co., Ltd. (a)                           Guaranteed                                  N/A                     70
                                                                  Pledged                                     N/A                     59
          Individuals                                             Collateralised                              792                    543
                                                                  Guaranteed                                   42                     24


          Total                                                                                            68,201                 71,097


          Ratio to similar transactions %                                                                     1.80                  2.00


          Interest rate ranges                                                                       3.80%-8.95%           3.10%-8.95%
376 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
          (3) Loans to related parties (continued)

                (a)   As at 31 December 2020, these entities were no longer related parties of the Group.

                (b)   As at 31 December 2019, these entities were not related parties of the Group.


                Amount of transactions:

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                            2020               2019


                  Interest income from loans                                                            4,265                 2,664


                  Ratio to similar transactions (%)                                                         1.49                0.97


                As at 31 December 2020, none of the above loans is found to be credit-impaired (31 December
                2019: Nil).


          (4) Other transactions with related parties
              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                            31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
                                                                                          Ratio to                           Ratio to
                                                                                           similar                            similar
                                                                                      transactions                       transactions
                                                                           Balance             (%)           Balance              (%)


                  Placements with banks and
                    other financial institutions                                  –               –                350           0.14
                  Financial investments
                    – Financial assets measured at amortised cost (a)         2,704            0.20            2,883             0.25
                    – Financial assets at fair value
                         through other comprehensive income                   1,633            0.35            1,725             0.34
                  Long-term receivables                                         527            0.41              244             0.21
                  Balances with banks and other financial institutions           87            0.17                –                –
                  Deposits from customers                                    40,143            1.07           88,922             2.44
                  Deposits and placements from banks and
                    other financial institutions                              5,617            0.53           11,996             1.17

                (a)   As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, the related party transaction of a financial asset measured at
                      amortised cost between the Group and Minsheng Pension Co., Ltd. had an overdue amount of RMB600 million.
                      The Group had made an impairment allowance of RMB110 million for these financial assets.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2020           377


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
     (4) Other transactions with related parties (continued)
         Amount of transactions for the reporting period:

                                                                      Year ended                         Year ended
                                                                   31 December 2020                   31 December 2019
                                                                                  Ratio to                            Ratio to
                                                                                   similar                             similar
                                                                              transactions                        transactions
                                                                  Balance              (%)            Balance              (%)


          Interest income                                              279              0.10               228              0.09
          Interest expense                                           1,635              1.08             1,700              1.11
          Fee and commission income (a)                                383              1.16               316              0.55
          Operating expenses (b)                                     2,129              4.40             2,088              4.33

        (a)   It mainly represents the Group’s income from agency sales of insurance products entered into between the
              Group and Dajia Life Insurance Inc. and Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd., and the income from agency sales of
              trust products entered into between the Group and Chongqing International Trust Co., Ltd. (2019: The amount
              mainly represented income from agent sales of insurance products entered into between the Group and Dajia
              Life Insurance Inc).

        (b)   Operating expenses of the Group were mainly for financial business outsourcing service and procurement
              service provided by Minsheng E-Commerce Holdings (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and its related parties, property
              management service provided by Minsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd. and its related parties, technology
              development service provided by Minsheng Fintech Co., Ltd., assets recovery service provided by Hongtai
              KeyStone Asset Management Co., Ltd., and maintenance service of self-service cashier equipment provided by
              Neural Management of Comprehensive Channels Co., Ltd..
378 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
          (4) Other transactions with related parties (continued)
              Interest rate ranges as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2020                 2019


                  Placements with banks and other financial institutions                        N/A       4.00%-7.20%
                  Financial investments
                    – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                        4.10%-7.90%      5.94%-9.50%
                    – Financial assets at fair value through
                         other comprehensive income                                      5.60%-6.00%      4.40%-6.00%
                  Long-term receivables                                                  3.80%-4.75%      5.40%-6.00%
                  Balances with banks and other financial institutions                   3.25%-3.70%               N/A
                  Deposits from customers                                                0.00%-5.20%      0.00%-5.80%
                  Deposits and placements from banks and
                    other financial institutions                                         0.00%-4.00%      0.30%-3.80%


                Balances of off-balance sheet items:

                                                               31 December 2020                31 December 2019
                                                                             Ratio to                         Ratio to
                                                                              similar                          similar
                                                                         transactions                     transactions
                                                               Balance            (%)          Balance             (%)


                  Bank acceptances                               2,115            0.49            2,733           0.49
                  Guarantees                                     2,117            1.33            2,313           1.45
                  Letters of credit                                300            0.26              365           0.27
                  Unused credit card
                    commitments                                   363             0.01             281            0.01


                Balances of loans guaranteed by related parties:

                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2020                 2019


                  Loans guaranteed by related parties                                         37,120            53,430


                  Ratio to similar transactions (%)                                             0.98              1.56
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           379


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
  9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
     (4) Other transactions with related parties (continued)
         For the year ended 31 December 2020, the original value of loans transferred between Beijing
         Changrong Heyin Investment Management Co., Ltd. and the Bank was RMB12.22 billion (2019:
         RMB11.70 billion), with the consideration of RMB10.44 billion (2019: RMB8.35 billion) agreed
         upon by both parties. The risks and rewards of these loans have been fully transferred.


     (5) Transactions with the annuity scheme
         Apart from the obligation for defined contributions to the annuity scheme and normal banking
         transactions, no other significant transactions were conducted between the Group and the
         annuity scheme for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for the year ended 31 December
         2019.


     (6) Transactions with key management personnel
         Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning,
         directing and controlling the Bank’s activities, directly or indirectly, including directors, supervisors
         and senior management.


         The Bank enters into transactions with key management personnel under normal commercial
         terms. These include loans and deposits, which are carried out at rates similar to those offered to
         third parties. Outstanding loans to the key management amounted to RMB4.25 million as at 31
         December 2020 (31 December 2019: RMB4.67 million), which have been included in the above
         loans granted to related parties.


         Accrued salaries and other short-term benefits for the key management personnel before tax
         amounted to RMB95 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB131 million, the
         related salaries and benefits were restated in accordance with the Supplementary Announcement
         Regarding the Senior Management’s Emoluments 2019 of China Minsheng Banking Crop., Ltd.).
         Of which, pre-tax compensations for the Executive Directors, Chairman of the Supervisory Board,
         Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board and executive officers included RMB33 million, to be
         paid in later years, accrued at no less than 50% of the performance-based compensations (2019:
         RMB47 million and no less than 50% respectively) in accordance with relevant state regulations.
         The exact amounts of these deferred payments shall be determined at the end of their respective
         tenure based on their performance. In the case of violations of laws and regulations, non-
         compliances with rules and requirements, and other actions as a senior officer of the Bank that
         have exposed the Bank to undue risks, the Bank will, depending on the circumstances, deduct
         the performance-based remuneration of the person for the corresponding period or up to all
         the performance-based remuneration for his/her entire term of office, in accordance with the
         Guidelines for Performance-Based Remuneration Recoupment Mechanisms of Banking and
         Insurance Institutions (Yin Bao Jian Ban Fa [2021] No. 17) issued by China Banking and Insurance
         Regulatory Commission (CBIRC) as well as relevant rules of the Bank. The Bank subscribed
         RMB10 million for supplementary pension insurance for the key management personnel in 2020
         (2019: RMB10 million).
380 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


9 Related parties (continued)
     9.2 Related party transactions (continued)
          (7) Transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries
              Balances outstanding as at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                    2020               2019


                  Placements with banks and other financial institutions           25,485             23,188
                  Loans and advances to customers                                   1,838              1,789
                  Right-of-use assets                                                 159                291
                  Other assets                                                        329                416
                  Deposits and placements from banks
                    and other financial institutions                                9,461              7,940
                  Deposits from customers                                             270                258
                  Leasing liabilities                                                 159                291
                  Other liabilities                                                 1,158              1,526


                Amount of transactions for the reporting period:

                                                                            Year ended            Year ended
                                                                      31 December 2020      31 December 2019


                  Interest income                                                 823                   855
                  Interest expense                                                120                   180
                  Fee and commission income                                       223                   100
                  Operating expenses                                              154                   186
                  Other operating income                                            5                     –


                For the year ended 31 December 2020, the transactions between subsidiaries of the Group are
                mainly inter-bank deposits. As at 31 December 2020, the balance of the above transactions was
                RMB391 million (31 December 2019: RMB713 million).


                The balances and amount with the subsidiaries and inter-subsidiaries have been offset in the
                statement of financial position, income statement and off-balance-sheet items.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           381


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management
  10.1 Financial risk management overview
     In accordance with the Comprehensive Risk Management Framework of COSO and with the
     Comprehensive Risk Management Guidelines of CBIRC, risk management includes identification,
     measurement, assessment, monitoring, reporting, control and mitigation of risks. The core
     characteristic of the financial business is taking risks; risks are inevitable in business. The Group’s
     aim is to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return and to minimise potential adverse
     effects from risks borne by the Group on its financial performance.


     The Group provides commercial banking, leasing, fund raising and sales and other financial services
     through the Bank and its subsidiaries, Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Minsheng Financial
     Leasing”), Minsheng Royal Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“Minsheng Royal Fund”), CMBC International
     Holding Ltd. (“CMBC International”) and 29 Rural banks. These subsidiaries are responsible for
     financial risk management in their respective businesses as separate entities. The financial risk
     arising from commercial banking was the most significant risk for the Group’s operations. The Group
     formulated the “Administrative Measures of Subsidiaries of China Minsheng Banking Corporation
     Limited on Comprehensive Risk Management” to further enhance the risk management of these
     subsidiaries.


     Based on new regulatory requirements and market changes, the Group formulated risk preferences
     and risk policies based on actual conditions, to clarify objectives of portfolio quota management, to
     improve risk quantification tools and information systems, to establish control mechanisms and to
     improve risk management covering the entire process. Meanwhile, to re-examine and optimise the
     preference transmission mechanism, risk policy, portfolio management, systems and tools based on
     execution to ensure preferences and policies have been implemented to strengthen the support of
     risk management for strategic decision-making.


     The Bank has a Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors, and the committee is
     responsible for setting up the Bank’s overall risk management strategies, monitoring the Bank’s
     risk management policies and their implementation, and assessing its effectiveness. In accordance
     with the risk management strategy, the Bank’s senior management formulates and promotes the
     corresponding risk management policies.


     The Development and Planning Department under the Bank’s senior management is responsible for
     the routine management of subsidiaries, to establish and optimise the risk management framework
     at Group level gradually.
382 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk
          The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk that a borrower or counterparty defaults as it
          fails to fully repay debts in a timely manner due to various reasons. Credit risk is the most important
          risk for the Group’s operating activities; management therefore carefully manages its exposure to
          credit risk. Credit exposures arise principally from lending, trade finance, credit debt securities and
          leasing activities. There is also credit risk in off-balance sheet financial instruments, such as credit
          commitments and derivatives.


          The Risk Management Committee is currently responsible for decision-making and overall
          coordination of credit risk prevention. The Bank adopts professional credit evaluation, full-process
          quality monitoring, faulty asset professional management and collecting and other major methods for
          credit risk management.


          After exhausting all necessary measures and implementing necessary procedures, the Group writes
          off the bad debts as determined in accordance with the criteria set out in the Group’s write-off policy.
          For bad debts that have been written off, the Bank continues to make its best effort to recover them.


          (1) Credit risk measurement
              (a) Loans and credit commitments
                     The Group measures and manages the quality of its credit assets in accordance with
                     the CBIRC Guidelines for Risk Classification of Loans (the “Guidelines”). The Guidelines
                     require financial institutions to classify their credit assets into five categories, namely pass,
                     special-mention, sub-standard, doubtful and loss, of which the last three categories are
                     non-performing loans. At the same time, the Group includes its off-balance sheet credit
                     commitments as part of its overall credit extension, applies credit limit management,
                     and classifies key on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet items in accordance with the
                     Guidelines. The Bank has also developed the Administrative Measures for Risk Classification
                     of Credit Assets of China Minsheng Banking Corporation Limited to guide its daily risk
                     management of credit assets, following classification principles fully consistent with the
                     Guidelines.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           383


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (1) Credit risk measurement (continued)
         (a) Loans and credit commitments (continued)
             The core definitions of credit asset classifications in the Guidelines are as follows:

             Pass:                The borrower can fulfil contracts, and there is no sufficient reason to
                                  suspect that the principal and interest of loans cannot be repaid in full on
                                  time.

             Special-mention:     The borrower can make current payments, but there may be some
                                  potential issues that could adversely impact future payments.

             Sub-standard:        The borrower’s repayment ability has been impaired and its normal
                                  income is insufficient to repay the loan principal and interest in full. Even
                                  with the enforcement of the related guarantee (if any), there may be a
                                  certain level of loss.

             Doubtful:            The borrower cannot repay the principal plus the interest in full. Even
                                  with the enforcement of guarantee (if any), there will be a significant
                                  loss.

             Loss:                After taking all possible actions or resorting to all necessary legal
                                  proceedings, the loan principal and interest cannot be recovered or only
                                  a small portion of them can be recovered.

         (b) Debt securities and other bills
             The Group manages its credit risk exposure of debt securities and other bills by including
             issuers’ credit exposures into the unified credit-grant management and control processes.
             The Group continues to optimise its exposure structure by requiring a minimum external
             rating of the debt securities of investment access management and by setting investment
             structure concentration requirements of portfolio management. In addition, the risk control
             staff will regularly analyse the credit profile of issuers of debt securities, and the operational
             staff will continue to optimise and adjust the investment portfolio based on the risk-mitigation
             recommendations.
384 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (2) Risk limit control and mitigation policies
              The Group exercises risk concentration management and controls over its counterparties,
              whether individuals or groups, and industries and geographical regions.


                The Group has established relevant mechanisms to apply tiered management of credit risks, and
                set limits to acceptable risks for different individual or group counterparties, different industries
                and geographical regions. The Bank monitors the risk status regularly and reviews their risk
                positions at least once a year.


                Risk exposures to borrowers, including banks, are further classified into on- and off-balance sheet
                risk exposures, and controls have been applied to daily risk limits of each trading account. The
                Bank also monitor actual risk exposures on a daily basis in relation to corresponding risk limits.


                The Group controls its credit risks through, among other necessary measures, regular analyses of
                a customer’s ability to repay interest and principal, and making appropriate adjustments to credit
                lines.


                Other specific control and mitigation measures include: measuring, evaluating, early warning,
                mitigating and controlling of large amount exposures of single and group customers in accordance
                with regulatory requirements, and prevent and control customer concentration risks.


                (a) Collateral
                     The Group and its subsidiaries have individually established a range of risk management
                     policies and adopted different methods to mitigate credit risk. A critical method for the
                     Group’s control of its credit risks is to acquire collateral, security deposits and guarantees
                     from enterprises or individuals. The Group has specified acceptable types of collaterals,
                     mainly including the following:


                     –     Real estate and land use rights


                     –     Machinery and equipment


                     –     Right to receive payments and accounts receivable


                     –     Financial instruments such as time deposits, debt securities and equities.


                     In order to minimise its credit risk, once an indication of impairment has been identified
                     with an individual loan, the Group will seek additional collateral from counterparties/require
                     additional guarantors or squeeze the credit line.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           385


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (2) Risk limit control and mitigation policies (continued)
         (a) Collateral (continued)
             Collateral held as security for financial assets other than loans and accounts receivable is
             determined by the instruments’ nature. Debt securities are generally unsecured, with the
             exception of asset-backed securities and similar instruments, which are secured by portfolios
             of financial instruments.


         (b) Derivative instruments
             The Bank maintains strict net exposure limits in its financial derivative transactions with
             counterparties and monitors the activities through daily summary reports on the use of
             exposure limits. The Bank’s exposure to credit risk of derivative instruments is limited to
             derivative instruments with positive fair value. The Bank sets credit limits for counterparties
             in its management system to monitor the credit position of derivative transactions and
             mitigates credit risk associated with derivative instruments by requiring margin deposits from
             counterparties.


         (c) Credit related commitments
             The primary purpose of these instruments is to ensure that funds are available to a customer
             when required. Guarantees and standby letters of credit, which represent irrevocable
             assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that a customer cannot meet
             its obligations to third parties, carry the same credit risk as loans. In some cases, guarantee
             deposits are received by the Group to lessen the credit risks related to such commitments.
             The Group’s potential amount of credit risk exposure is equivalent to the total amount of
             credit commitments.


             Loan commitments and financial leasing commitments represent unused portions of
             authorisations to extend credit. With respect to credit risk on commitments to extend
             credit, the Group is potentially exposed to loss in an amount equal to the total unused
             commitments. However, the likely amount of loss is less than the total unused commitments,
             as most commitments to extend credit are contingent upon customers maintaining specific
             credit standards. The Group monitors the term to maturity of credit commitments because
             longer-term commitments generally have a greater degree of credit risk than shorter-term
             commitments.
386 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (3) Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement
              According to the new standard, the Group divided the financial instruments that require ECL
              provision recognition into three stages and applies the ECL model to calculate loss allowances
              for its debt financial instruments measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other
              comprehensive income, as well as its loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.


                The Group adopts the parameters-based approach and the discounted cash flow (“DCF”) method
                to assess the expected credit losses of its financial assets. The parameters-based approach
                is applied to retail assets and Stage I and Stage II non-retail assets, while the DCF method is
                applied to Stage III non-retail assets.


                Financial instrument risk stages
                The Group applies a ‘three-stage model’ for measuring expected credit loss for financial
                instruments based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition. The three stages are
                defined as follows:

                Stage 1:             Financial instruments without significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                     recognition. For these assets, expected credit losses are recognised for the
                                     following 12 months.

                Stage 2:             For financial instruments with significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                     recognition, expected credit losses are recognised for the remaining lifetime if
                                     there is no objective evidence of impairment.

                Stage 3:             For financial assets with objective evidence of impairment as at the balance sheet
                                     date, expected credit losses are recognised for the remaining lifetime.

                Criteria for significant increases in credit risk (“SICR”)
                –    The principal or interest is overdue for more than 30 days;


                –    Significant change in credit rating. Internal rating results of the Group will be adopted as the
                     result of credit rating;


                –    The debtor experiences serious production or operation problems, the overall profitability
                     decreased significantly, and the financial position is poor;


                –    Changes or events with a significant negative impact on the solvency of the debtor;


                –    Other objective evidence of a significant increase in credit risk of financial asset.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2020           387


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                   (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (3) Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)
         Definition of credit-impaired financial asset
         In order to evaluate whether a financial asset is impaired, the Group considers the following
         criteria:


         –   The principal or interest of a financial asset is overdue for more than 90 days;


         –   Significant financial difficulty of the issuer or obligor;

         –   A breach of contract by the borrower, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
             payments;


         –   The creditor, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the debtor’s financial difficulty,
             grants the debtor a concession that the Group would not otherwise consider;


         –   The debtor will probably enter bankruptcy or another financial reorganisation;


         –   The disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties
             faced by the issuer or debtor;


         –   The purchase or origination of a financial asset at a significant discount that reflects the fact
             of credit losses;


         –   Other objective evidence of financial asset impairment.


         The credit impairment of a financial asset may be caused by the combined effect of multiple
         events rather than any single event.


         Segmentation of portfolio sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of
         measuring ECL
         For measurement of ECL, segmentation of portfolio is based on similar credit risk characteristics.
         Non-retail assets of the Group are mainly grouped according to types of borrower and industry,
         while retail assets are mainly grouped based on product types.
388 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (3) Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)
              Parameters for ECL measurement
                Except for credit-impaired financial assets, according to whether there is a significant increase
                in credit risk and whether there is an impairment of assets, the Group recognised 12-month or
                lifetime ECL allowance by financial instrument. Expected credit losses are the weighted average
                of the product of Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD), and Exposure at Default
                (EAD), which are defined as follows:


                –    PD represents the likelihood of a borrower to default on its financial obligation, either over
                     the next 12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation.
                     The PD is determined based on the adjusted results of the internal rating-based model, with
                     forward-looking information incorporated, to reflect the borrower’s point-in-time probability of
                     default under the current macroeconomic environment;


                –    LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of EAD. LGD varies by types of product and
                     availability of collateral etc.;


                –    EAD refers to the total amount of on and off-balance sheet exposures in the event of default
                     and is determined based on principal, interest, off-balance sheet risk conversion factor etc.,
                     and may vary by product types.


                Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL
                The ECL calculation involves forward-looking information. Based on analysis of its historical data,
                the Group has identified key economic indicators relevant to expected credit losses, including
                the year-on-year growth rates of Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Consumer Price Index (CPI) and
                Broad Money Supply (M2). The Group regularly evaluates the various indicators in the pool of
                macroeconomic indicators and selects the most relevant indicators for ECL calculation.


                The Group determines the relationship between these economic variables and PD and LGD
                by building econometric model, so as to ascertain the impacts of historical changes in these
                variables on PD and LGD.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           389


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (3) Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) measurement (continued)
         Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL (continued)
         In 2020, as part of its evaluation of forward-looking information for ECL calculation, the Group had
         considered the impact of COVID-19 on the economy and banking industry. As at 31 December
         2020, the forecast values for 2021 for key economic indicators used by the Group are listed
         below:


         –   GDP – year on year percentage change: the predictive value in the neutral; scenario in
             year 2021 is about 6.00, and is 1.00 percentage higher in the positive scenario while 1.00
             percentage lower in the negative scenario.


         –   CPI – year on year percentage change: the predictive value in the neutral scenario in year
             2021 is about 1.60, and is 0.40 percentage higher in the positive scenario while 0.30
             percentage lower in the negative scenario.


         –   M2 – year on year percentage change: the predictive value in the neutral scenario in year
             2021 is about 8.90, and is 0.80 percentage higher in the positive scenario while 0.60
             percentage lower in the negative scenario.


         The Group combines macroeconomic data analysis and expert judgments to develop the positive,
         neutral and negative scenarios and determine their weightings, and estimates the expected credit
         losses in different scenarios to calculate the allowances for the weighted average ECLs. In 2020
         and 2019, the positive, neutral and negative scenarios had similar weightings.


         Cash flow forecasts for Stage III non-retail assets
         The Group uses the DCF method to measure the expected credit losses of Stage III non-retail
         assets. The DCF method calculates the impairment allowances based on regular forecasts of
         future cash flows. At each measurement date, the Group estimates the future cash inflows of an
         asset for different future periods, and applies appropriate discount rates to the future cash flows
         to obtain their present value.
390 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (4) Maximum credit risk exposure
              The following table presents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk as at the end of the
              reporting period without considering any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which
              is represented by the carrying amount of each type of financial assets after deducting any
              impairment allowance.

                                                                              31 December    31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019


                  Balances with central bank                                       396,165        365,393
                  Balances with banks and other financial institutions              52,084         53,180
                  Derivative financial assets                                       42,285         31,100
                  Placements with banks and other financial institutions           221,908        248,565
                  Financial assets held under resale agreements                     21,464         65,799
                  Loans and advances to customers                                3,782,297      3,430,427
                  Financial investments
                    – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        92,548         381,269
                    – Financial assets at fair value through other
                         comprehensive income                                      466,092        510,802
                    – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                1,328,048      1,143,079
                  Long-term receivables                                            127,853        116,593
                  Other financial assets                                            43,617         45,698


                  Total                                                          6,574,361      6,391,905


                  Off-balance sheet credit commitments                           1,170,750      1,325,426


                  Maximum credit risk exposure                                   7,745,111      7,717,331
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020               391


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                       (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (5) Analysis on the credit quality of financial instruments
         (a) As at 31 December 2020, the credit risk stages of financial instruments at amortised cost and
             financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                               Gross carrying amount                       Allowance for expected credit losses
                                                    Stage 1     Stage 2      Stage 3          Total    Stage 1     Stage 2      Stage 3           Total


              Balances with central bank            396,165           –            –       396,165           –            –            –               –
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions         52,088           –         658         52,746          (4)           –         (658)          (662)
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions        221,669           –        1,211       222,880        (233)           –         (739)          (972)
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                    21,468           –            –        21,468          (4)           –            –              (4)
              Loans and advances to customers
                – Corporate loans and advances     2,113,087    110,946       42,161      2,266,194    (15,456)    (18,219)      (21,830)     (55,505)
                – Personal loans and advances      1,531,049     50,092       31,504      1,612,645     (8,088)    (11,506)      (22,538)     (42,132)
              Financial investments                1,775,621      1,973       26,621      1,804,215     (3,910)        (48)       (8,246)     (12,204)
              Long-term receivables                  123,257      6,242        2,623        132,122     (1,177)     (1,826)       (1,266)      (4,269)

              Off-balance sheet credit commitments 1,162,113      5,737        2,900      1,170,750     (1,619)       (221)          (45)         (1,885)


         (b) As at 31 December 2019, the credit risk stages of financial instruments at amortised cost and
             financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                               Gross carrying amount                       Allowance for expected credit losses
                                                    Stage 1     Stage 2      Stage 3          Total    Stage 1     Stage 2      Stage 3           Total


              Balances with central bank            365,393           –            –       365,393           –            –            –               –
              Balances with banks and
                other financial institutions         52,804           –         722         53,526        (118)           –         (228)          (346)
              Placements with banks and
                other financial institutions        247,868       1,200            –       249,068        (178)        (325)           –           (503)
              Financial assets held under
                resale agreements                    65,808           –            –        65,808          (9)           –            –              (9)
              Loans and advances to customers
                – Corporate loans and advances     1,953,671    112,539       30,545      2,096,755    (17,134)     (16,632)     (17,065)     (50,831)
                – Personal loans and advances      1,371,839     18,078       26,230      1,416,147     (9,391)      (5,082)     (19,343)     (33,816)
              Financial investments                1,642,548      4,399       11,047      1,657,994     (3,050)        (265)      (1,860)      (5,175)
              Long-term receivables                  111,696      6,521        2,319        120,536     (1,051)      (1,739)      (1,153)      (3,943)

              Off-balance sheet credit commitments 1,322,714      1,355        1,357      1,325,426     (1,407)         (22)         (24)         (1,453)
392 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (6) Loans and advances to customers
              (a) The credit risk stages of loans and advances to customers (excluding interest accrued) are as
                  follows:

                                                                               31 December     31 December
                                                                                      2020            2019


                       Stage 1
                         Unsecured loans                                             897,497         760,159
                         Guaranteed loans                                            593,863         552,161
                         Loans secured by
                           Tangible assets other than monetary assets              1,595,387       1,504,295
                           Monetary assets                                           532,481         483,594


                       Subtotal                                                    3,619,228       3,300,209


                       Stage 2
                         Unsecured loans                                              29,840          18,843
                         Guaranteed loans                                             48,864          59,096
                         Loans secured by
                           Tangible assets other than monetary assets                 65,108          34,575
                           Monetary assets                                            17,226          18,103


                       Subtotal                                                      161,038         130,617


                       Stage 3
                         Unsecured loans                                              20,131          14,362
                         Guaranteed loans                                             19,000          21,206
                         Loans secured by
                           Tangible assets other than monetary assets                 25,812          16,602
                           Monetary assets                                             8,722           4,605


                       Subtotal                                                       73,665          56,775


                       Total                                                       3,853,931       3,487,601


                       Credit-impaired loans secured by collateral                    16,986          13,262
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           393


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (6) Loans and advances to customers (continued)
         (b) Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) analysed by industries are as
             follows:

                                                          31 December 2020                 31 December 2019
                                                          Amount                (%)        Amount                   (%)


              Corporate loans and advances
                Leasing and commercial services           485,982            12.61          442,883              12.70
                Real Estate                               439,032            11.39          476,199              13.66
                Manufacturing                             300,323             7.79          284,055               8.14
                Financial services                        204,644             5.31          138,039               3.96
                Wholesale and retail                      170,477             4.42          177,685               5.09
                Water, environment and
                  public utilities management             149,509              3.88         122,282                3.51
                Construction                              108,440              2.81         106,783                3.06
                Transportation, storage and
                  postal service                          107,441              2.79          77,031                2.21
                Mining                                    104,329              2.71         110,152                3.16
                Production and supply of electric
                  power, heat, gas and water               69,354              1.80          55,151                1.58
                Accommodation and catering                 15,863              0.41          11,858                0.34
                Agriculture, forestry, animal
                  husbandry and fishery                    12,769              0.33          10,225                0.29
                Public administration, social security
                  and social organisations                  6,840              0.18           8,376                0.24
                Others                                     69,853              1.82          53,958                1.55


              Subtotal                                   2,244,856           58.25       2,074,677               59.49

              Personal loans and advances                1,609,075           41.75       1,412,924               40.51


              Total                                      3,853,931         100.00        3,487,601              100.00
394 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (6) Loans and advances to customers (continued)
              (c) Loans and advances to customers (excluded interest accrued) by geographical area are as
                  follows:

                                                                31 December 2020              31 December 2019
                                                                Amount             (%)        Amount             (%)


                       Head Office                              548,060       14.22           474,512          13.61
                       Yangtze River Delta                      928,337       24.09           841,123          24.12
                       Pearl River Delta                        523,433       13.58           465,618          13.35
                       Bohai Rim                                618,101       16.04           564,343          16.18
                       North-eastern Region                      90,034        2.34            89,488           2.57
                       Central Region                           481,042       12.48           451,441          12.94
                       Western Region                           570,998       14.81           519,713          14.90
                       Overseas and subsidiaries                 93,926        2.44            81,363           2.33


                       Total                                   3,853,931     100.00          3,487,601        100.00


          (7) Loans and advances restructured
              Restructured loans and advances to customers are those loans and advances to customers for
              which the Group has modified the contract terms as a result of the deterioration in the borrower’s
              financial position or of the borrower’s inability to make payments when due. As at 31 December
              2020, the amount of the Group’s impaired restructured loans and advances to customers with
              modified contract terms, is RMB18,729 million (31 December 2019: RMB16,860 million).


                Impaired restructured loans and advances which were not past due or past due for no more than
                90 days are as follows:

                                                                                         31 December     31 December
                                                                                                2020            2019


                  Impaired restructured loans and advances to customers                        9,251           2,176


                  % of total loans and advances                                                 0.24            0.06
                                                                                             Annual Report 2020           395


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (8) Distribution of debt instruments analysed by issuers and rating
         The ratings are obtained from Standard & Poor’s ratings, or major rating agencies where the
         issuers of the debt securities are located.

                                                                       31 December 2020
                                                                                                        Lower
                                               Unrated      AAA             AA               A         than A           Total


          Credit impaired
            – Banks and non-bank financial
                 institutions                   23,639         –              –               –             –         23,639
            – Corporates                           588       131              –               –           630          1,349


          Total                                 24,227       131              –               –           630         24,988


          Interest accrued                                                                                            16,633
          Less: Allowance for impairment
                 losses of financial assets
                 measured at amortised cost                                                                            (7,420)


          Subtotal                                                                                                    19,201


          Not impaired
           – Government                        649,700    314,329             –             18               –       964,047
           – Policy banks                       89,000          –             –          1,682               –        90,682
           – Banks and non-bank financial
                institutions                   205,394    116,608       14,882          21,935         16,996        375,815
           – Corporates                        136,046    211,714       27,857          11,451         31,997        419,065


          Total                               1,080,140   642,651       42,739          35,086         48,993      1,849,609


          Interest accrued                                                                                            20,533
          Less: Allowance for impairment
                 losses of financial assets
                 measured at amortised cost                                                                            (2,655)


          Subtotal                                                                                                 1,867,487


          Total                                                                                                    1,886,688
396 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.2 Credit risk (continued)
          (8) Distribution of debt instruments analysed by issuers and rating (continued)

                                                                                   31 December 2019
                                                                                                           Lower
                                                               Unrated     AAA         AA             A   than A       Total


                  Credit impaired
                    – Banks and non-bank financial
                         institutions                           10,673         –         –            –        –     10,673
                    – Corporates                                   374         –         –            –        –        374


                  Total                                         11,047         –         –            –        –     11,047


                  Less: Allowance for impairment
                        losses of financial assets
                        measured at amortised cost                                                                    (1,794)


                  Subtotal                                                                                            9,253


                  Not impaired
                   – Government                                543,968   292,643         –          –          –    836,611
                   – Policy banks                               96,474       575         –        709          –     97,758
                   – Banks and non-bank financial
                        institutions                           545,432   121,266    13,535     46,601     17,063    743,897
                   – Corporates                                 96,391   169,692    31,611      7,259     26,921    331,874


                  Total                                    1,282,265     584,176    45,146     54,569     43,984   2,010,140


                  Interest accrued                                                                                   18,076
                  Less: Allowance for impairment
                         losses of financial assets
                         measured at amortised cost                                                                   (2,319)


                  Subtotal                                                                                         2,025,897


                  Total                                                                                            2,035,150


                Unrated debt investments held by the Group mainly include trust and asset management plans,
                wealth management products and bonds issued primarily by the PRC government and policy
                banks, etc.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           397


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.2 Credit risk (continued)
     (9) Investments classified as trust and asset management plans analysed by type of underlying
         assets

                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2020                   2019


          Trust and asset management plans
            Credit assets                                                             133,800                207,864
            Discounted bills                                                                –                 71,843
            Others                                                                     10,168                  8,123


          Total                                                                       143,968                287,830


         The Group includes trust and asset management plans into comprehensive credit management
         system, to manage its credit risk exposure in a holistic manner. The type of collateral of credit
         assets includes guarantee, security by collateral and pledge.

  10.3 Market risk
     The Group is exposed to market risk, which is the risk of loss to its on- and off-balance sheet
     businesses caused by unfavourable changes in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, and
     stock and commodity prices). Market risk includes interest rate risk, exchange rate (including gold
     bullion) risk, equity price risk and commodity price risk, arising from adverse movements in interest
     rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity price, respectively.


     The market risk faced by the Group mainly arises from the Bank’s business activities. The Bank’s
     subsidiaries are exposed to an insignificant level of market risk. The Bank and its subsidiaries
     independently manage their own market risk.


     The Bank distinguishes between banking books and trading books in accordance with requirements
     of regulatory authorities and the general practices of the banking industry, and adopts different
     methods to identify, measure, monitor and control their respective market risks based on the nature
     and characteristics of banking and trading books.


     Trading books refer to the financial instruments and commodities positions which could be traded
     freely. They are held by the Bank for trading or hedging against other risks in the trading book.
     Positions in the trading book must not be subject to any trading restrictions, or be able to fully
     hedged against the risks. These positions must also be valued accurately and managed proactively as
     well. In contrast, the Bank’s other businesses are included in the banking books.
398 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.3 Market risk (continued)
          (1) Market risk measurement techniques
              The Bank selects appropriate and generally accepted measurement methods for the different
              types of market risks in its banking books and trading books based on actual needs of the
              business.


                In accordance with regulatory requirements and in response to interest rate risk of the banking
                books, the Bank develops measurement methods that are appropriate for the size and structure
                of its assets and liabilities, and performs quantitative assessment of the impact of interest rate
                changes on the Bank’s net interest income and economic value by adopting methods such as gap
                analysis, net interest income simulation analysis, and economic value simulation analysis.


                Interest rate risk of the trading books are measured by using methods such as duration analysis,
                scenario analysis, and value at risk (VaR).


                Exchange rate risks of the banking books include exposure in foreign exchange settlement and
                sales, foreign currency capital funds, loss in foreign currency profits due to settlement of foreign
                exchange, and shrinking of foreign currency assets compared to the local currency. The Bank
                assesses the impact of future currency risks based on the exchange rate tendency and the future
                changes in the Bank’s asset and liability portfolios.


                Measurement of exchange rate risks of the trading books includes monitoring of foreign
                exchange exposure, and use of methods including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis and value
                at risk (VaR) to measure the potential impact of exchange rate fluctuations on the trading profits.


                The Bank is fully aware of the pros and cons of different methods for measurement of market
                risks, and therefore adopts other methods, such as stress tests, for complementation. Stress
                scenarios applied to market risk stress testing include expert scenarios, historical scenarios, and
                hybrid scenarios.


          (2) Currency risk
              Currency risk refers to the foreign exchange and foreign exchange derivatives positions, the risk
              of losses of banks arise from adverse changes of exchange rate. The Group uses RMB as its
              bookkeeping currency, and the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB, and the
              rest mainly US dollars and Hong Kong dollars.


                The Group manages the Currency risk by controlling each currency exposure limits and total
                exposure.


                The primary techniques applied by the Group in analysing currency risk are mainly foreign
                exchange exposure analyses, scenario analyses, stress testing and value at risk (VaR) method.
                The Group manages the currency risk in the frame of the exposure limit by daily monitoring,
                reporting and analysing.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           399


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.3 Market risk (continued)
     (2) Currency risk (continued)
         The following tables present the Group’s foreign exchange risk exposures as at the end of the
         reporting period. The carrying values of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
         have been converted into RMB.

                                                                    31 December 2020
                                                RMB          USD               HKD            Others              Total


          Assets:
          Cash and balances with
            central bank                     360,632       40,082               615               196          401,525
          Balances with banks and
            other financial institutions      19,497       25,664             5,206             1,717           52,084
          Placements with banks and
            other financial institutions     193,109       27,800               999                 –          221,908
          Financial assets held under
            resale agreements                  20,709         755                –                 –            21,464
          Loans and advances to customers   3,584,228     140,396           24,880            32,793         3,782,297
          Financial investments             1,981,764     121,676            3,540            13,670         2,120,650
          Long-term receivables               103,200      24,653                –                 –           127,853
          Other assets                        170,146      37,455            8,232             6,619           222,452


          Total assets                      6,433,285     418,481           43,472            54,995         6,950,233


          Liabilities:
          Borrowings from central bank       292,352            –                 –                 –          292,352
          Deposits and placements
            from banks and other
            financial institutions           974,551       78,250           16,440                480        1,069,721
          Borrowings from banks and
            other financial institutions      83,324       44,972             2,722                 –          131,018
          Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements              49,958      13,374                –              1,986           65,318
          Deposits from customers           3,521,632     218,644           20,794              7,081        3,768,151
          Debt securities issued              945,784      12,096                –                  –          957,880
          Lease liabilities                    10,001         111              155                  –           10,267
          Other liabilities                   102,616       9,798            1,653                211          114,278


          Total liabilities                 5,980,218     377,245           41,764              9,758        6,408,985


          Net position                       453,067       41,236             1,708           45,237           541,248


          Foreign currency derivatives        13,104       12,173             5,267          (26,546)             3,998
          Off-balance sheet credit
            commitments                     1,135,637      26,337             3,358             5,418        1,170,750
400 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.3 Market risk (continued)
          (2) Currency risk (continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                                   RMB        USD              HKD       Others       Total


                  Assets:
                  Cash and balances with
                    central bank                                330,456      40,261             229        209     371,155
                  Balances with banks and
                    other financial institutions                 31,357      18,794           1,014       2,015     53,180
                  Placements with banks and
                    other financial institutions                199,318      35,123           8,242       5,882    248,565
                  Financial assets held under
                    resale agreements                             65,799          –               –           –      65,799
                  Loans and advances to customers              3,256,901    117,744          37,048      18,734   3,430,427
                  Financial investments                        2,036,310    127,705           6,789      13,501   2,184,305
                  Long-term receivables                           87,328     29,265               –           –     116,593
                  Other assets                                   155,513     38,992           2,092      15,220     211,817


                  Total assets                                 6,162,982    407,884          55,414      55,561   6,681,841


                  Liabilities:
                  Borrowings from central bank                  198,843           –               –           –    198,843
                  Deposits and placements
                    from banks and other
                    financial institutions                     1,035,669     96,254          17,152      13,979   1,163,054
                  Borrowings from banks and
                    other financial institutions                 73,513      56,340           2,442           –    132,295
                  Financial assets sold under
                    repurchase agreements                         88,259     11,112               –       2,334     101,705
                  Deposits from customers                      3,456,331    156,249          14,077      10,377   3,637,034
                  Debt securities issued                         795,962     21,263               –           –     817,225
                  Lease liabilities                               10,068        237             114           1      10,420
                  Other liabilities                               83,588      5,702             898         248      90,436


                  Total liabilities                            5,742,233    347,157          34,683      26,939   6,151,012


                  Net position                                  420,749      60,727          20,731      28,622    530,829


                  Foreign currency derivatives                       (93)     1,160             (39)          –      1,028
                  Off-balance sheet credit
                    commitments                                1,287,353     30,512           1,794       5,767   1,325,426
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           401


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.3 Market risk (continued)
     (2) Currency risk (continued)
         The Group conducts sensitivity analysis on the net foreign currency position to identify the impact
         on the income statement of potential movements in foreign currency exchange rates against the
         RMB. As at 31 December 2020, assuming other variables remain unchanged, an appreciation
         of one hundred basis points of the US dollar against the RMB would increase both the Group’s
         net profit and equity by RMB661 million (31 December 2019: increase by RMB826 million); a
         depreciation of one hundred basis points of the US dollar against the RMB would decrease both
         the Group’s net profit and equity by RMB661 million (31 December 2019: decrease by RMB826
         million).


         The sensitivity analysis mentioned above is based on a static foreign exchange exposure profile
         of assets and liabilities that contains the following assumptions:


         a.   The sensitivity of each type of exchange rate refers to the exchange gain or loss caused by a
              fluctuation in the absolute value of closing foreign currency rate by one hundred basis points
              against the RMB’s average rate on the reporting date;


         b.   The fluctuation of exchange rates by one hundred basis points is based on the assumption of
              exchange rates movement from the current reporting date to the next reporting date;


         c.   The fluctuation of exchange rates for all foreign currencies represents the fluctuation of
              exchange rates in US dollars and other foreign currencies against RMB in the same direction
              simultaneously. Due to the immaterial proportion of the Group’s total assets and liabilities
              denominated in currencies other than US dollars, other foreign currencies are converted into
              US dollars through sensitivity analysis;


         d.   The foreign exchange exposures calculated includes spot and forward foreign exchange
              exposures and swaps;


         e.   Other variables (including interest rates) remained unchanged; and


         f.   The analysis does not take into account the effect of risk management measures taken by
              the Group.


         Due to the adoption of the aforementioned assumptions, the actual changes in the Group’s net
         profit or loss and equity caused by the increase or decrease in exchange rates might vary from
         the estimated results of this sensitivity analysis.
402 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.3 Market risk (continued)
          (3) Interest rate risk
              Interest rate risk refers to the adverse changes of the level of interest rate, term structure and
              other factors, which lead to loss on the economic value and bank revenue. Interest rate risk
              include gap risk, basis risk and option risk, and the gap risk and basis risk are the mainly sources
              of risk for the Group.


                a.   The trading books
                     The adverse changes due to the interest rate risk of the trading books related to the
                     financial instruments and commodity positions will cause loss for trading books. The scope
                     of managing interest rate risk of the trading books covers all products and businesses
                     that are sensitive to changes in interest rates, including domestic and foreign currency
                     bond investments, money market transactions, interest rate derivatives, foreign exchange
                     derivatives, precious metal derivatives, and complex derivatives, etc.


                     The Group mainly uses indicators for scale, profit and loss indicators, valuation, sensitivity
                     analysis, VaR analysis, duration analysis, stress testing and other methods to quantitatively
                     analyse interest rate risk, and incorporates market risk measurement models into daily risk
                     management.


                     The Group sets risk limits such as interest rate sensitivity, duration, exposure, and loss limits
                     to effectively control the interest rate risk of the trading books, and manages the interest rate
                     risk within exposure limit through daily monitoring.


                b. The banking books
                     The primary techniques applied by the Group in measuring and analysing interest rate risk
                     are mainly scenario analyses, re-pricing gap analyses, duration analyses and stress testing.
                     The Group manages the interest rate risk in the frame of the exposure limit by periodically
                     monitoring and reporting.


                     The Group closely monitors trends of interest rate changes for both RMB and foreign
                     currencies, follows market interest rate changes, performs proper scenario analyses, and
                     adjusts interest rates of deposits and loans in both RMB and foreign currencies to manage
                     interest rate risk.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2020           403


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                      (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.3 Market risk (continued)
     (3) Interest rate risk (continued)
         The following tables present the Group’s exposure to interest rate risk, indicating net carrying
         amounts of assets and liabilities based on their contractual repricing dates (or maturity dates
         whichever are earlier).

                                                                          31 December 2020
                                                                                                           Non-
                                            Less than     3 months            1 to    More than         interest
                                            3 months      to 1 year        5 years      5 years         bearing           Total


          Assets:
          Cash and balances with central
            bank                              396,016             –               –              –         5,509       401,525
          Balances with banks and
            other financial institutions       49,488         2,539               –              –            57        52,084
          Placements with banks and
            other financial institutions       91,601      122,681           6,848               –           778       221,908
          Financial assets held under
            resale agreements                  21,021           422             –              –             21         21,464
          Loans and advances to customers   1,226,155     1,660,519       636,145        234,570         24,908      3,782,297
          Financial investment                322,964       311,902     1,010,585        409,286         65,913      2,120,650
          Long-term receivables               127,853             –             –              –              –        127,853
          Other assets                              –             –             –              –        222,452        222,452


          Total assets                      2,235,098     2,098,063     1,653,578        643,856        319,638      6,950,233


          Liabilities:
          Borrowings from central bank         50,306      238,714                –              –         3,332       292,352
          Deposits and placements from
            banks and other financial
            institutions                      709,821      355,584                –              –         4,316     1,069,721
          Borrowings from banks and
            other financial institutions       55,632       64,664           8,087          1,796            839       131,018
          Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements              25,411       39,109            364             22            412         65,318
          Deposits from customers           2,367,781      581,552        778,841              –         39,977      3,768,151
          Debt securities issued              289,251      491,300         29,450        143,947          3,932        957,880
          Lease liabilities                       760        1,983          6,156          1,368              –         10,267
          Other liabilities                     4,088            –              –              –        110,190        114,278


          Total liabilities                 3,503,050     1,772,906       822,898        147,133        162,998      6,408,985


          Interest rate gap                 (1,267,952)    325,157        830,680        496,723        156,640        541,248
404 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.3 Market risk (continued)
          (3) Interest rate risk (continued)

                                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                               Less than    3 months          1 to   More than   interest
                                                               3 months     to 1 year      5 years     5 years   bearing        Total


                  Assets:
                  Cash and balances with central
                    bank                                        365,248             –            –           –     5,907     371,155
                  Balances with banks and
                    other financial institutions                  48,864        4,200            –           –       116      53,180
                  Placements with banks and
                    other financial institutions                  87,593     149,111       11,390            –       471     248,565
                  Financial assets held under resale
                    agreements                                    62,204       3,486             –           –       109       65,799
                  Loans and advances to customers              2,326,182     583,392       383,625     112,174    25,054    3,430,427
                  Financial investment                           435,701     426,265     1,039,163     241,350    41,826    2,184,305
                  Long-term receivables                          116,593           –             –           –         –      116,593
                  Other assets                                         –           –             –           –   211,817      211,817


                  Total assets                                 3,442,385    1,166,454    1,434,178     353,524   285,300    6,681,841


                  Liabilities:
                  Borrowings from central bank                      125      196,810             –           –     1,908     198,843
                  Deposits and placements
                    from banks and other financial
                    institutions                                872,433      283,515        2,000            –     5,106    1,163,054
                  Borrowings from banks and
                    other financial institutions                  39,429      58,817       20,991       12,264       794     132,295
                  Financial assets sold under
                    repurchase agreements                         77,651      23,727           60            –       267      101,705
                  Deposits from customers                      2,560,332     605,982      437,724           50    32,946    3,637,034
                  Debt securities issued                         306,176     319,427       73,390      113,926     4,306      817,225
                  Lease liabilities                                  687       1,990        6,236        1,507         –       10,420
                  Other liabilities                                  729           –            –            –    89,707       90,436


                  Total liabilities                            3,857,562    1,490,268     540,401      127,747   135,034    6,151,012


                  Interest rate gap                             (415,177)    (323,814)    893,777      225,777   150,266     530,829
                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           405


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.3 Market risk (continued)
     (3) Interest rate risk (continued)
         If yield curves for respective currencies move in parallel for 100 basis points on 1 January, their
         potential impact on the Group’s net interest income and shareholders’ equity for the following
         year is as follows:

                                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                                         2020                   2019
                                                                                     (Loss)/gain            (Loss)/gain


          Up 100 bps parallel shift in yield curves                                         (7,406)                (3,635)
          Down 100 bps parallel shift in yield curves                                        7,406                  3,635


         In performing the interest rate sensitivity analysis, the Group and the Bank have made general
         assumptions in defining business terms and financial parameters, but have not considered the
         following:


         a.   business changes after the end of the reporting period, as the analysis is performed based
              on the static gap at the end of the reporting period;


         b.   the impact of interest rate fluctuations on customers’ behaviour;


         c.   the complicated relationship between complex structured products (e.g. embedded call
              options and other derivative financial instruments) and interest rate fluctuations;


         d.   the impact of interest rate fluctuations on market prices;


         e.   the impact of interest rate fluctuations on off-balance sheet products;


         f.   the impact of interest rate fluctuations on fair value of financial instruments;


         g.   other variables (including foreign exchange rate); and


         h.   other risk management measures in the Group.
406 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.4 Liquidity risk
          Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to promptly obtain funds at reasonable cost to repay
          maturing liabilities, discharge other payment obligations and meet other funding needs in the course
          of normal operations.


          During the reporting period, the Bank’s subsidiaries manage their respective liquidity risks according
          to the Group’s liquidity risk management framework, and the Bank manages the liquidity risk of all its
          branches and business lines.


          The Bank is exposed to daily calls on its available cash resources from overnight deposits, demand
          deposits, maturing time deposits, loan drawdowns, guarantees and other calls on cash-settled
          derivatives. The Bank does not maintain cash resources to meet all these needs, as experience
          shows that a minimum level of reinvestment of maturing funds can be predicted with a high level of
          certainty. The Bank sets limits on the minimum proportion of maturing funds available to meet such
          calls and on the minimum level of interbank and other borrowing facilities that should be in place to
          cover withdrawals at unexpected levels of demand.


          During the reporting period, the Bank was required to maintain 9.0% of the total RMB denominated
          deposits and 5.0% of the total foreign currency denominated balances as statutory reserves with the
          PBOC.


          Liquidity requirements to support calls under guarantees and standby letters of credit are
          considerably less than the full amounts under commitments, because the Bank does not generally
          expect the third party to fully draw funds under those agreements. The total outstanding contractual
          amount of commitments to extend credit does not necessarily represent future cash requirements,
          since many of these commitments will expire or terminate without being funded.


          (1) Liquidity risk management policy
              The Bank and its subsidiaries separately and independently develop their liquidity risk
              management policies.


                The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for liquidity risk management including
                reviewing and approving liquidity risk appetite, liquidity risk management strategy, major
                policies and procedures. The Bank’s senior management is responsible for formulating liquidity
                risk management policies according to the development strategy of the Bank. The Assets and
                Liabilities Management Department is responsible for the daily liquidity risk management through
                the following procedures:
                                                                                          Annual Report 2020           407


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                 (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
     (1) Liquidity risk management policy (continued)
         To manage the day-to-day position through monitoring the future cash flow to ensure it meets
         the required fund position, including matured deposits and replenishment of funds for loan
         demand. The Bank actively participates in global money market transactions to ensure that the
         Bank’s funding requirements are satisfied;


         To set ratio requirements and transactions limits to help monitor and manage liquidity risks. The
         ratios include but are not limited to liquidity coverage ratios, liquidity ratios and net stable funding
         ratios;


         To measure and monitor cash flows through the Bank’s asset and liabilities management system,
         and perform liquidity scenario analyses and stress testing on overall assets and liabilities to
         satisfy internal and external requirements. Various techniques are used to estimate the Bank’s
         liquidity requirements, and liquidity risk management decisions are made based on the estimated
         liquidity requirements and within respective terms of reference. A periodical reporting system is
         established to promptly update senior management on latest liquidity risk information;


         To monitor the maturity concentration risk of financial assets and hold an appropriate quantity
         of high-liquidity and high-market-value assets to ensure the Bank is well positioned to fund its
         repayment obligations and business growth in the event of an interruption of cash flows due to
         whatever causes.


     (2) Maturity analysis
         The following tables present the maturity analysis of assets and liabilities of the Group as at
         the end of the reporting period. The Group manages its liquidity risk based on its estimation of
         expected future cash flows. An indefinite term in the case of cash and deposits with the Central
         Bank refers to statutory reserves and fiscal deposits placed with the Central Bank; an indefinite
         term in terms of financial investments, loans and advances and long-term receivables refers to
         amounts of such assets that have become impaired or overdue for more than one month, and
         also equity investments and fund investments; and real-time repayment with respect to financial
         investments, loans and advances and long-term receivables refers to the unimpaired amounts of
         such assets that have been overdue for less than one month.
408 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
          (2) Maturity analysis (continued)

                                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                  Repayable     Less than       1 to    3 months to           1 to   More than
                                                    Indefinite   on demand       1 month    3 months         1 year        5 years     5 years       Total

                  Assets:
                  Cash and balances with
                    central bank                      332,366        69,159             –          –                 –           –           –    401,525
                  Balances with banks and
                    other financial institutions            –        46,352         1,780      1,398             2,554           –           –     52,084
                  Placements with banks and
                    other financial institutions          472              –       40,804     51,022        122,756         6,854            –    221,908
                  Financial assets held under
                    resale agreements                     281              –       19,351      1,406              426            –           –     21,464
                  Loans and advances to
                    customers                          37,951         8,352      360,771     239,276      1,137,821      1,097,376     900,750   3,782,297
                  Financial investments               251,367           505       46,403      51,900        319,208      1,035,852     415,415   2,120,650
                  Long-term receivables                 3,836           915        4,746       8,823         36,903         63,378       9,252     127,853
                  Other assets                        134,542        20,003       12,973      11,852         29,847         10,614       2,621     222,452

                  Total assets                        760,815       145,286      486,828     365,677      1,649,515      2,214,074   1,328,038   6,950,233

                  Liabilities:
                  Borrowings from central bank              –              –       17,258     34,464        240,630              –           –    292,352
                  Deposits and placements
                  from
                     banks and other financial
                     institutions                           –       297,037      216,417     199,962        356,305              –           –   1,069,721
                  Borrowings from banks and
                     other financial institutions           –              –       20,473     19,986         71,462        10,598        8,499    131,018
                  Financial assets sold under
                     repurchase agreements                  –             –        6,012      18,226         40,693           365           22      65,318
                  Deposits from customers                   –     2,010,626      120,312     262,479        587,777       786,957            –   3,768,151
                  Debt securities issued                    –             –       37,455     253,917        493,111        29,450      143,947     957,880
                  Lease liabilities                         –             –          277         483          1,983         6,156        1,368      10,267
                  Other liabilities                     2,507         2,430       13,711      23,141         54,973        14,773        2,743     114,278


                  Total liabilities                     2,507     2,310,093      431,915     812,658      1,846,934       848,299      156,579   6,408,985


                  Net position                        758,308     (2,164,807)      54,913   (446,981)      (197,419)     1,365,775   1,171,459    541,248


                  Notional amount of
                   derivatives                              –              –     450,839     673,327      1,526,115       732,592        7,191   3,390,064
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020         409


                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                        (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
     (2) Maturity analysis (continued)

                                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                         Repayable     Less than        1 to     3 months to          1 to   More than
                                           Indefinite   on demand       1 month     3 months          1 year       5 years     5 years        Total

          Assets:
          Cash and balances with
            central bank                     323,472        47,683             –            –                –           –           –      371,155
          Balances with banks and
            other financial institutions           –        44,479         2,394        2,065            4,242           –           –       53,180
          Placements with banks and
            other financial institutions         262              –       52,252      35,405         149,257       11,389            –      248,565
          Financial assets held under
            resale agreements                      –              –       58,193        4,065            3,541           –           –       65,799
          Loans and advances to
            customers                         25,729         8,184      376,938      203,774       1,014,375     1,016,649     784,778    3,430,427
          Financial investments              157,336         1,232       66,430      204,161         443,136     1,067,491     244,519    2,184,305
          Long-term receivables                1,952         1,518        4,582        7,930          37,110        51,158      12,343      116,593
          Other assets                       121,606        22,052       15,110        9,326          28,659        13,725       1,339      211,817

          Total assets                       630,357       125,148      575,899      466,726       1,680,320     2,160,412   1,042,979    6,681,841


          Liabilities:
          Borrowings from central bank             –              –           21         109         198,713             –           –      198,843
          Deposits and placements from
            banks and other financial
            institutions                           –       257,835      237,363      381,444         284,236        2,176            –    1,163,054
          Borrowings from banks and
            other financial institutions           –              –       13,809      25,905          59,274       21,020       12,287      132,295
          Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements                  –             –       38,205       39,679          23,761           60            –      101,705
          Deposits from customers                  –     1,412,935      809,633      339,780         615,567      459,069           50    3,637,034
          Debt securities issued                   –             –       46,930      261,079         321,921       73,332      113,963      817,225
          Lease liabilities                        –             –          309          378           1,990        6,236        1,507       10,420
          Other liabilities                    2,145           120       21,166       18,430          40,335        6,149        2,091       90,436


          Total liabilities                    2,145     1,670,890     1,167,436    1,066,804      1,545,797      568,042      129,898    6,151,012


          Net position                       628,212     (1,545,742)    (591,537)    (600,078)       134,523     1,592,370     913,081      530,829


          Notional amount of
           derivatives                             –              –     471,559      602,402       2,094,200      691,455        5,444    3,865,060
410 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
          (3) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative assets and liabilities
              The following tables present the analysis of the undiscounted contractual cash flows of the
              Group’s non-derivative assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period. The Group
              manages its liquidity risk based on its estimation of expected future cash flows. An indefinite
              term in the case of cash and deposits with the Central Bank refers to statutory reserves and
              fiscal deposits placed with the Central Bank; an indefinite term in terms of financial investments,
              loans and advances and long-term receivables refers to amounts of such assets that have
              become impaired or overdue for more than one month, and also equity investments and fund
              investments; and real-time repayment with respect to financial investments, loans and advances
              and long-term receivables refers to the unimpaired amounts of such assets that have been
              overdue for less than one month.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020           411


                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                  (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
     (3) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative assets and liabilities
         (continued)

                                                                                   31 December 2020
                                                          Repayable   Less than       1 to 3 months to         1 to   More than
                                            Indefinite   on demand     1 month    3 months      1 year      5 years     5 years         Total


          Assets:
          Cash and balances with
            central bank                      332,366        69,159           –          –            –           –            –     401,525
          Balances with banks and
            other financial institutions          658        46,352       1,783      1,405       2,580            –            –      52,778
          Placements with banks and
            other financial institutions        1,212             –      41,043     52,067     122,978        7,181            –     224,481
          Financial assets held under
            resale agreements                     281             –     19,361       1,413          427           –            –       21,482
          Loans and advances to customers      87,039        10,391    379,318     270,246    1,260,443   1,453,294    1,488,001    4,948,732
          Financial investments               259,503           521     54,326      58,492      365,600   1,221,826      480,100    2,440,368
          Long-term receivables                 5,295           986      5,158       9,655       40,437      74,939       13,584      150,054
          Other assets                        135,898        20,003      8,871       4,161        4,348       8,392        2,006      183,679


          Total assets
            (expected maturity date)          822,252       147,412    509,860     397,439    1,796,813   2,765,632    1,983,691    8,423,099


          Liabilities:
          Borrowings from central bank              –             –      17,270     34,633     245,667            –            –     297,570
          Deposits and placements from
            banks and other financial
            institutions                            –       297,037    217,527     201,917     361,905            –            –    1,078,386
          Borrowings from banks and
            other financial institutions            –             –      20,491     20,332      73,204       11,911        8,880     134,818
          Financial assets sold under
            repurchase agreements                   –             –      8,028      30,323     100,967        1,413          127      140,858
          Deposits from customers                   –     2,010,626    121,218     265,742     597,633      853,119            –    3,848,338
          Debt securities issued                    –             –     37,519     255,715     504,265       54,738      164,291    1,016,528
          Lease liabilities                         –             –        307         535       2,200        6,829        1,517       11,388
          Other liabilities                     2,507         2,430      7,829      14,840      29,093       12,990        1,914       71,603


          Total liabilities
            (contractual maturity date)         2,507     2,310,093    430,189     824,037    1,914,934     941,000      176,729    6,599,489
412 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
          (3) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative assets and liabilities
              (continued)

                                                                                            31 December 2019
                                                                  Repayable   Less than       1 to 3 months to          1 to   More than
                                                    Indefinite   on demand     1 month    3 months      1 year       5 years     5 years       Total


                  Assets:
                  Cash and balances with
                    central bank                      323,472        47,683           –           –            –           –           –    371,155
                  Balances with banks and
                    other financial institutions            –        44,479       2,411      2,072        4,261            –           –     53,223
                  Placements with banks and
                    other financial institutions          262             –      52,255     37,122      152,228      11,653            –    253,520
                  Financial assets held under
                    resale agreements                       –             –     58,218       4,084        3,728            –           –      66,030
                  Loans and advances to customers      65,189        11,512    385,898     214,028    1,051,049    1,140,453   1,168,430   4,036,559
                  Financial investments               159,155         1,232     75,576     207,935      478,595    1,164,444     247,347   2,334,284
                  Long-term receivables                 3,949         1,654      4,979       8,614       41,028       61,327      17,821     139,372
                  Other assets                        121,606        22,052     12,657       3,647        8,776       12,336       1,236     182,310


                  Total assets
                    (expected maturity date)          673,633       128,612    591,994     477,502    1,739,665    2,390,213   1,434,834   7,436,453


                  Liabilities:
                  Borrowings from central bank              –             –         21         111      203,316            –           –    203,448
                  Deposits and placements from
                    banks and other financial
                    institutions                            –       258,834    237,688     383,424      288,516       2,360            –   1,170,822
                  Borrowings from banks and
                    other financial institutions            –             –      13,966     26,454       60,980      24,019       13,442    138,861
                  Financial assets sold under
                    repurchase agreements                   –             –     38,233      39,848       24,000          64            –     102,145
                  Deposits from customers                   –     1,412,935    809,642     339,867      615,779     480,690        3,869   3,662,782
                  Debt securities issued                    –             –     47,172     266,818      334,482      97,303      130,043     875,818
                  Lease liabilities                         –             –        346         423        2,225       6,970        1,685      11,649
                  Other liabilities                     2,145           120     18,943      15,035       29,013       5,489        1,898      72,643


                  Total liabilities
                    (contractual maturity date)         2,145     1,671,889   1,166,011   1,071,980   1,558,311     616,895      150,937   6,238,168
                                                                                              Annual Report 2020           413


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                     (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
     (4) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives
         (a) Derivatives settled on a net basis
             The Group’s derivatives that will be settled on a net basis include:

             Interest rate derivatives                              Interest rate swaps

             Credit derivatives                                     Credit default swaps

             The following tables analyse the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives
             to be settled on a net basis as at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                       31 December 2020
                                          Less than        1 to      3 months             1 to More than
                                           1 month     3 months      to 1 year         5 years   5 years                Total


              Interest rate derivatives         (34)        (29)           (159)           (381)            (20)          (623)
              Credit derivatives                  –           –               –               1               –              1


              Total                             (34)        (29)           (159)           (380)            (20)          (622)


                                                                       31 December 2019
                                          Less than        1 to       3 months             1 to More than
                                           1 month     3 months       to 1 year         5 years   5 years                Total


              Interest rate derivatives         (64)        (129)             (69)          (332)            18            (576)
              Credit derivatives                 (1)          (1)               –             (1)             –              (3)


              Total                             (65)        (130)             (69)          (333)            18            (579)


         (b) Derivatives settled on a gross basis
             The Group’s derivatives that will be settled on a gross basis include:

             Foreign exchange derivatives        Foreign exchange forwards, swaps and options

             Precious metal derivatives          Precious metal forwards, swaps and options

             Other derivatives                   Futures, equity derivatives, etc.
414 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
          (4) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives (continued)
              (b) Derivatives settled on a gross basis (continued)
                     The following tables analyse the Group’s contractual undiscounted cash flows of derivatives
                     to be settled on a gross basis as at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                                        31 December 2020
                                                           Less than           1 to     3 months        1 to More than
                                                            1 month        3 months     to 1 year    5 years   5 years        Total


                       Foreign exchange
                         derivatives
                         – Cash outflow                        (358,138)   (420,284) (1,151,806)     (50,531)        –   (1,980,759)
                         – Cash inflow                          358,579     419,627 1,154,877         51,674         –    1,984,757

                       Precious metal derivatives
                         – Cash outflow                          (5,557)      (5,917)     (37,761)         –         –      (49,235)
                         – Cash inflow                            6,060        6,231       35,196          –         –       47,487

                       Total cash outflow                      (363,695)   (426,201) (1,189,567)     (50,531)        –   (2,029,994)


                       Total cash inflow                       364,639      425,858     1,190,073    51,674          –   2,032,244


                                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                           Less than           1 to     3 months        1 to More than
                                                            1 month        3 months     to 1 year    5 years   5 years        Total


                       Foreign exchange
                         derivatives
                         – Cash outflow                        (307,018)    (331,733) (1,251,470)    (43,409)        –   (1,933,630)
                         – Cash inflow                          306,978      331,675 1,251,525        44,480         –    1,934,658

                       Precious metal derivatives
                         – Cash outflow                         (24,989)     (24,501)     (89,797)    (4,266)        –    (143,553)
                         – Cash inflow                           24,948       24,137       88,114      4,266         –     141,465

                       Total cash outflow                      (332,007)    (356,234) (1,341,267)    (47,675)        –   (2,077,183)


                       Total cash inflow                       331,926      355,812     1,339,639    48,746          –   2,076,123
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           415


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.4 Liquidity risk (continued)
     (5) Analysis on contractual undiscounted cash flows of commitments
         Management treats contractual maturity as the best estimate for analysing liquidity risk of
         off-balance sheet items, unless an objective evidence of default is identified.

                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                   Less than              1 to        More than
                                                      1 year           5 years          5 years                  Total


          Bank acceptances                           403,532                 –                   –            403,532
          Letters of credit                          115,960               373                   –            116,333
          Guarantees                                  99,081            58,450               1,358            158,889
          Unused credit card commitments             478,980                 –                   –            478,980
          Irrevocable credit commitments              10,203             2,813                   –             13,016


          Total                                    1,107,756            61,636               1,358         1,170,750


                                                                      31 December 2019
                                                   Less than              1 to        More than
                                                      1 year           5 years          5 years                  Total


          Bank acceptances                           542,571                 –                   –            542,571
          Letters of credit                          132,847             4,125                   –            136,972
          Guarantees                                  72,634            71,583              15,029            159,246
          Unused credit card commitments             440,038                 –                   –            440,038
          Irrevocable credit commitments               9,996            36,603                   –             46,599


          Total                                    1,198,086          112,311               15,029         1,325,426


  10.5 Operational risk
     Operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to deficient and flawed internal procedures, personnel
     and information technology (IT) system, or external events. The operational risk of the Group mainly
     comprises internal and external fraud, employment system, and safety of working places, events
     related to customers, products and operation, damages of tangible assets, interruption of business,
     failure of IT system, implementation, delivery and process management.
416 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.5 Operational risk (continued)
          The Bank devoted to promoting the implementation of the three major operational risk management
          tools in the Bank and the establishment of operational risk management information system,
          according to the regulatory requirements of operational risk. The Bank has carried out Risk Control
          Self Assessment (RCSA), established key risk indicator monitoring system and internal loss issue
          management system regarding operational risk. Besides, the Bank conducted operational risk cost
          measurement and enhanced the outsourcing risk management, and promoted the establishment
          of business continuity management. Furthermore, the Bank focused on investigation of the risk on
          business field systematically.


     10.6 Country risk
          The Group is exposed to country risk. The country risk faced by the Group mainly arises from
          overseas credit business, bond investment, bill business, interbank financing, financial derivative
          trading, offshore leasing business, investment banking business, securities investment and
          establishment of overseas institutions.


          Country risk management is included in the comprehensive risk management system of the Group
          and serves the objective of business strategy of the Bank. The Group manages and controls country
          risk through a number of tools including risk assessment and rating, limit setting, monitoring,
          improvement to review procedures, and formulation of polices to accrue country risk reserve.


     10.7 Capital management
          In managing capital, the Group enhances capital budget, capital configuration and evaluation
          management, optimise business structure, promote capital utilisation efficiency and create value,
          based on meeting regulatory requirements and raising risk resistance ability.


          Starting from 1 January 2013, the Group computes the capital adequacy ratios in accordance with
          The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional) and other relevant regulations issued by the
          CBIRC. The on-balance sheet risk-weighted assets are measured by using different risk weights,
          which are determined in accordance with Appendix 2 of The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks
          (Provisional) , and taking into account the risk mitigation effect provided by the qualified pledges or
          qualified guarantee entities. The off-balance sheet risk-weighted assets are measured by multiplying
          the nominal amounts with the credit conversion factors to come out the on-balance sheet assets
          equivalents, then applied same approach used for on-balance sheet assets for risk-weighted assets
          computation. Market risk-weighted assets are calculated by using the standardised approach.
          Operational risk-weighted assets are calculated by using basic indicator approach.


          The CBIRC requires commercial banks to meet the requirements of capital adequacy ratios in
          accordance with The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional) . For non-systemically important
          banks, the minimum ratios for core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy ratio and
          capital adequacy ratio are 7.50%, 8.50% and 10.50%, respectively.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           417


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
  10.7 Capital management (continued)
     The Group calculates the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy ratio and
     capital adequacy ratio in accordance with The Capital Rules for Commercial Banks (Provisional) and
     relevant requirements promulgated by the CBIRC as below:

                                                                           31 December                31 December
                                                                                  2020                       2019


      Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                           8.51%                      8.89%

      Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                                                9.81%                    10.28%

      Capital adequacy ratio                                                       13.04%                     13.17%

      Components of capital base
      Core tier-one capital:
        Share capital                                                               43,782                     43,782
        Valid portion of capital reserve                                            57,419                     57,411
        Surplus reserve                                                             48,479                     45,162
        General reserve                                                             86,599                     81,657
        Retained earnings                                                          225,247                    218,746
        Valid portion of non-controlling interests                                   7,283                      7,580
        Others                                                                      (1,849)                     2,227


      Core tier-one capital                                                        466,960                    456,565


      Core tier-one capital deductions                                               (5,039)                    (1,477)


      Net core tier-one capital                                                    461,921                    455,088
      Net other tier-one capital                                                    70,427                      70,871


      Net tier-one capital                                                         532,348                    525,959


      Tier-two capital:
        Valid portion of tier-two capital instruments issued and
           share premium                                                           143,947                    113,926
        Surplus provision for loan impairment                                       29,234                     31,837
        Valid portion of non-controlling interests                                   1,943                      2,019


      Net tier-two capital                                                         175,124                    147,782


      Net capital base                                                             707,472                    673,741
418 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


10 Financial risk management (continued)
     10.7 Capital management (continued)

                                                                             31 December         31 December
                                                                                    2020                2019


            Credit risk-weighted assets                                          5,019,411           4,733,503

            Market risk-weighted assets                                             93,101              88,596

            Operational risk-weighted assets                                       313,344             294,927


            Total risk-weighted assets                                           5,425,856           5,117,026


11 Fair value of financial instruments
     Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature, and are made as of a specific point in time based
     on the characteristics of the financial instruments and relevant market information. The Group uses the
     following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments:


     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
              can access at the measurement date. This level includes listed equity instruments and debt
              instruments on exchanges.


     Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for assets or
              liabilities, either directly or indirectly. A majority of the debt securities classified as Level 2
              are RMB bonds. The fair value of these bonds is determined based on the valuation results
              provided by China Central Depository Trust & Clearing Co., Ltd., which are determined based
              on a valuation technique for which all significant inputs are observable market data. This level
              includes a majority of OTC derivative contracts, discounted bills and partial forfeiting in loans
              and advances, as well as issued structured debts. The most frequently applied valuation
              techniques include forward pricing and swap models, using present value calculations. Input
              parameters like China Bond interbank yield curves and London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
              yield curves are sourced from Wind, Bloomberg and Reuters.


     Level 3: Parameters for valuation of assets or liabilities are based on unobservable inputs. The Level 3
              financial instruments include equity instruments and debt instruments whose valuation involves
              one or more than one significant unobservable inputs. The valuation models used include the
              discounted cash flow method and the market approach, etc. Unobservable inputs for valuation
              models include yield curve, discounts for lack of marketability (DLOM) and comparable company
              multiples, etc.


     This hierarchy requires the use of observable open market data wherever possible. The Group tries it
     best to consider relevant and observable market prices in valuations.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2020           419


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                              (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
  11.1 Financial instruments recorded at fair value
     The following tables show an analysis of financial instruments recorded at fair value by level of the
     fair value hierarchy:

                                                                      31 December 2020
                                                       Level 1          Level 2            Level 3              Total


      Assets
      Financial assets which are measured at
        fair value on a recurring basis:
      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss
        Debt securities                                 18,164           55,411              1,276            74,851
        Equity investments                              17,709                –             21,479            39,188
        Investment funds                               190,744                –                  –           190,744
        Asset management plans                               –                –             10,168            10,168
        Wealth management products                           –            2,153              2,044             4,197
        Others                                               –                –              3,332             3,332
      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
        Debt securities                                 47,014         417,928               1,150           466,092
        Equity investments                               2,405               –               1,625             4,030
      Loans and advances to customers
        designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                            –        233,467                     –         233,467
      Derivative financial assets
        Foreign exchange derivatives                          –          39,988                    –           39,988
        Precious metal derivatives                            –             869                    –              869
        Others                                                –           1,428                    –            1,428


      Total                                            276,036         751,244              41,074        1,068,354


      Liabilities
      Financial liabilities which are measured
        at fair value on a recurring basis:
      Derivative financial liabilities
        Foreign exchange derivatives                          –        (37,279)                    –         (37,279)
        Precious metal derivatives                            –         (3,673)                    –          (3,673)
        Others                                                –         (1,723)                    –          (1,723)
      Financial liabilities at fair value through
        profit or loss                                        –          (3,293)                   –           (3,293)


      Total                                                   –        (45,968)                    –         (45,968)
420 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
     11.1 Financial instruments recorded at fair value (continued)

                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                               Level 1   Level 2     Level 3        Total


            Assets
            Financial assets which are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis:
            Financial assets at fair value through
              profit or loss
              Debt securities                                   32,240    82,797        750      115,787
              Equity investments                                16,141         –      5,130       21,271
              Investment funds                                 125,798         –          –      125,798
              Asset management plans                                 –    71,843     12,158       84,001
              Wealth management products                        20,081   128,856     29,264      178,201
              Others                                                 –         –      3,280        3,280

            Financial assets at fair value through
              other comprehensive income
              Debt securities                                   83,640   425,334      1,828      510,802
              Equity investments                                     –       961      1,125        2,086

            Loans and advances to customers
              designated at fair value through
              other comprehensive income                             –   172,218            –    172,218

            Derivative financial assets
             Foreign exchange derivatives                            –    13,782            –     13,782
             Precious metal derivatives                              –    16,471            –     16,471
             Others                                                  –       847            –        847


            Total                                              277,900   913,109     53,535     1,244,544


            Liabilities
            Financial liabilities which are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis:
            Derivative financial liabilities
              Foreign exchange derivatives                           –   (13,521)           –     (13,521)
              Precious metal derivatives                             –    (3,066)           –      (3,066)
              Others                                                 –    (1,206)           –      (1,206)
            Financial liabilities at fair value through
              profit or loss                                         –    (1,996)     (3,188)      (5,184)


            Total                                                    –   (19,789)     (3,188)     (22,977)
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           421


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
  11.1 Financial instruments recorded at fair value (continued)
     In terms of above equity instruments and debt instruments which valuation involved one or more
     than one significant unobservable inputs, the fair value of the financial instruments classified under
     level 3 is not significantly influenced by the reasonable changes in these unobservable inputs.


  11.2 Movement in level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value
     The following table shows the movement of Level 3 financial instruments during the period:

                                                           Year ended 31 December 2020
                                              Financial
                                              assets at
                                             fair value       Financial assets at fair
                                               through            value through
                                             profit and        other comprehensive
                                                    loss              income

                                                                  Debt                 Equity
                                                              securities            securities                   Total


      As at 1 January                           50,582              1,828                  1,125                53,535
        – in profit or loss                      1,946                  –                      –                 1,946
        – in other comprehensive
             income                                   –               (75)                     –                  (75)
      Purchase                                   15,794                 –                    500               16,294
      Transfers                                       –               518                      –                  518
      Settlement                                (30,023)           (1,121)                     –              (31,144)


      At 31 December                            38,299              1,150                  1,625                41,074


      Unrealised gain/losses from
       fair value changes                           633                (32)                      –                  601
422 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
     11.2 Movement in level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value (continued)

                                                                             Year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                Financial
                                                                assets at
                                                               fair value       Financial assets at fair
                                                                 through            value through
                                                               profit and        other comprehensive
                                                                      loss              income

                                                                                    Debt            Equity
                                                                                securities       securities      Total


            As at 1 January                                       30,939             3,681             625     35,245
              – in profit or loss                                   (930)                –               –       (930)
              – in other comprehensive
                   income                                               –             (651)              –        (651)
            Purchase                                               36,512                –             500      37,012
            Settlement                                            (15,939)          (1,202)              –     (17,141)


            At 31 December                                        50,582             1,828           1,125     53,535


            Unrealised gain/losses from
             fair value changes                                     1,380               38                 –    1,418


     11.3 Transfers among levels
          For the year ended 31 December 2020, there were no material transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and
          Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities of the Group (2019: Nil).


     11.4 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value
          (1) Cash and balances with central bank, balances with banks and other financial institutions,
              placements with banks and other financial institutions, loans and advances to customers,
              long-term receivables, deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions,
              borrowings from banks and other financial institutions, deposits from customers and
              financial assets held under resale agreements and sold under repurchase agreements
              Given that these financial assets and financial liabilities mainly mature within a year or adopt
              floating interest rates, their book values approximate their fair values.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2020           423


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                               (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


11 Fair value of financial instruments (continued)
  11.4 Fair value of financial assets and liabilities not carried at fair value (continued)
     (2) Financial investments measured at amortised cost
         The fair value for financial assets measured at amortised cost-bonds is usually measured based
         on “bid” market prices or brokers’/dealers’ quotations. If relevant market information is not
         available, the fair value is based on quoted price of security products with similar characteristics
         such as credit risk, materiality and yield.


     (3) Debt securities issued
         Fair values of debt securities issued are based on quoted market prices. For debt securities
         where quoted market prices are not available, a discounted cash flow model is used to calculate
         their fair value using current market rates appropriate for debt securities with similar remaining
         maturities.


         The following table summarises the carrying amounts, the fair value and the analysis by level of
         the fair value hierarchy of financial assets measured at amortised and cost debt securities issued:

                                                                 31 December 2020
                                            Carrying
                                             amount     Fair value        Level 1            Level 2           Level 3


          Financial assets
          Financial assets measured
            at amortised cost              1,328,048    1,322,404            2,108       1,118,000            202,296


          Financial liabilities
          Debt securities issued             957,880      958,040          12,065           945,975                    –


                                                                 31 December 2019
                                            Carrying
                                             amount     Fair value         Level 1           Level 2           Level 3


          Financial assets
          Financial assets measured
            at amortised cost              1,143,079     1,148,271            2,112          913,349           232,810


          Financial liabilities
          Debt securities issued             817,225       819,872                  –        819,872                    –
424 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


12 Subsequent events
     Up to the approval date of the financial statements, other than the dividends distribution plan set out in
     Note 5.37, the Group had no material subsequent events for disclosure.


13 Comparative figures
     Certain comparative data has been restated to conform to the presentation and disclosure of the current
     year.


14 Statement of financial position and Statement of equity movement of the
   Bank

                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                  2020                2019


       ASSETS
       Cash and balances with central bank                                       397,828             367,624
       Balances with banks and other financial institutions                       38,654              40,593
       Precious metals                                                             6,782              15,237
       Placements with banks and other financial institutions                    247,103             271,553
       Derivative financial assets                                                42,285              31,100
       Financial assets held under resale agreements                              18,933              61,354
       Loans and advances to customers                                         3,762,333           3,412,819
       Financial investments:
         – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 316,265             521,145
         – Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                               458,466             501,382
         – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                         1,322,636           1,138,021
       Property and equipment                                                     22,362              22,252
       Right-of-use assets                                                        13,344              13,520
       Deferred income tax assets                                                 48,144              34,569
       Investment in subsidiaries                                                  7,381               6,634
       Other assets                                                               37,837              39,393


       Total assets                                                            6,740,353           6,477,196
                                                                                         Annual Report 2020           425


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


14 Statement of financial position and Statement of equity movement of the
   Bank (continued)

                                                                            31 December                31 December
                                                                                   2020                       2019


   LIABILITIES
   Borrowings from central bank                                                     291,132                    198,408
   Deposits and placements from banks and other financial
    institutions                                                                 1,073,844                  1,168,056
   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                        2,679                      1,971
   Derivative financial liabilities                                                 42,418                     17,665
   Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                56,606                     96,477
   Deposits from customers                                                       3,736,667                  3,607,543
   Lease liabilities                                                                10,090                     10,227
   Provisions                                                                        2,020                      1,602
   Debt securities issued                                                          953,754                    812,089
   Current income tax liabilities                                                   17,999                     17,368
   Other liabilities                                                                32,614                     35,142


   Total liabilities                                                             6,219,823                  5,966,548


   EQUITY
   Share capital                                                                     43,782                      43,782
   Other equity instrument                                                           69,860                      69,860
     Including: Preference shares                                                    29,867                      29,867
                Perpetual bonds                                                      39,993                      39,993
   Reserves
     Capital reserve                                                                 57,150                     57,150
     Surplus reserve                                                                 48,479                     45,162
     General reserve                                                                 85,029                     80,224
     Other reserves                                                                  (1,679)                     2,077
   Retained earnings                                                                217,909                    212,393


   Total equity                                                                     520,530                    510,648


   Total liabilities and equity                                                  6,740,353                  6,477,196
426 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


14 Statement of financial position and Statement of equity movement of the
   Bank (continued)

                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                       Other                                           Investment                            Cash flow
                                                    Share             equity       Capital       Surplus       General revaluation           Exchange         Hedging        Retained
                                                   capital       instrument        reserve       reserve       reserve     reserve             reserve         reserve       earnings         Total


       At 31 December 2019                         43,782            69,860        57,150         45,162        80,224          2,073                7              (3)       212,393       510,648


       (I) Net profit                                   –                  –             –             –             –               –               –               –         33,174        33,174
       (II) Other comprehensive income,
              net of tax                                –                 –              –             –             –          (3,607)           (128)            (21)             –        (3,756)


       Total comprehensive income                       –                  –             –             –             –          (3,607)           (128)            (21)        33,174        29,418

       (III) Profit distribution
             1. Appropriation to surplus reserve        –                 –              –         3,317             –               –               –               –         (3,317)            –
             2. Appropriation to general reserve        –                 –              –             –         4,805               –               –               –         (4,805)            –
             3. Cash dividends                          –                 –              –             –             –               –               –               –        (17,596)      (17,596)
             4. Interest on perpetual bond              –                 –              –             –             –               –               –               –         (1,940)       (1,940)


       At 31 December 2020                         43,782            69,860        57,150         48,479        85,029          (1,534)           (121)            (24)       217,909       520,530


                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                        Other                                           Investment                            Cash flow
                                                     Share             equity       Capital       Surplus       General revaluation           Exchange         Hedging        Retained
                                                    capital       instrument        reserve       reserve       reserve     reserve             reserve         reserve       earnings         Total


     At 31 December 2018                            43,782              9,892        57,150        39,911        73,129           1,285              34              23        187,895       413,101


     (I) Net profit                                          –                 –             –             –             –               –               –               –      52,507        52,507
     (II) Other comprehensive income,
            net of tax                                       –                 –             –             –             –          788             (27)            (26)                –        735


     Total comprehensive income                              –                 –             –             –             –          788             (27)            (26)        52,507        53,242

     (III) Capital Injection by shareholders
           Capital injection by
             other equity instrument holder                  –        59,968                 –             –             –               –               –               –              –     59,968
     (IV) Profit distribution
           1. Appropriation to surplus reserve               –                 –             –      5,251             –                  –               –               –      (5,251)            –
           2. Appropriation to general reserve               –                 –             –          –         7,095                  –               –               –      (7,095)            –
           3. Cash dividends                                 –                 –             –          –             –                  –               –               –     (15,663)      (15,663)


     At 31 December 2019                            43,782            69,860         57,150        45,162        80,224           2,073                  7           (3)       212,393       510,648
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020           427


        UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                          (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1 Liquidity coverage ratio
                                                           As at        Average for              As at             Average for
                                                    31 December          the year of      31 December               the year of
                                                           2020                2020              2019                     2019
   Liquidity coverage ratio (%)
     (RMB and foreign currency)                           128.37%          123.65%               133.66%                123.34%


  The above liquidity coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the formula promulgated by the CBIRC
  and based on the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP.


  According to the Measures for the Management of Liquidity Risks of Commercial Banks, the liquidity
  coverage of commercial banks should reach 100% by the end of 2018.

2 Currency concentrations
                                                                           31 December 2020
                                                               USD              HKD                Others                   Total


   Spot assets                                             394,487           56,406                 33,228              484,121
   Spot liabilities                                       (371,774)         (37,454)               (32,472)            (441,700)
   Forward purchases                                       967,178           21,872                 33,054            1,022,104
   Forward sales                                          (942,102)         (16,216)               (69,706)          (1,028,024)


   Net long/(short) position               (1)              47,789           24,608                (35,896)                36,501


                                                                           31 December 2019
                                                               USD              HKD                Others                   Total


   Spot assets                                             409,199           58,588                55,791               523,578
   Spot liabilities                                       (346,058)         (34,271)              (26,939)             (407,268)
   Forward purchases                                       949,694           21,771                99,252             1,070,717
   Forward sales                                          (975,995)         (41,816)             (133,053)           (1,150,864)


   Net long/(short) position               (1)              36,840             4,272                 (4,949)               36,163

  (1)   The net option position is calculated using the delta equivalent approach as required by the Hong Kong Monetary
        Authority.


        The Group has no structural position in the reported periods.
428 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

For the year ended 31 December 2020
(Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


3 Loans and advances to customers
     3.1 Impaired loans by geographical area
                                                               31 December 2020         31 December 2019
                                                                           Allowance                Allowance
                                                                                  for                      for
                                                               Impaired   impairment    Impaired   impairment
                                                                  loans        losses      loans        losses


            Head Office                                          20,721       15,609      15,630       10,268
            Yangtze River Delta                                   9,329        4,163       5,321        3,239
            Pearl River Delta                                     6,295        2,591       4,328        2,694
            Bohai Rim                                            12,595        6,697       5,753        3,916
            North-eastern Region                                  2,829        1,419       4,371        3,202
            Central Region                                       12,094        7,281      13,800        7,849
            Western Region                                        9,047        6,194       6,413        3,494
            Overseas and subsidiaries                               755          414       1,159          555


            Total                                                73,665       44,368      56,775       35,217


     3.2 Loans overdue for more than 3 months by geographical area
                                                               31 December 2020         31 December 2019
                                                                           Allowance                Allowance
                                                                                  for                      for
                                                               Overdue    impairment    Overdue    impairment
                                                                 loans         losses     loans         losses


            Head Office                                          20,506       15,382      14,513           9,877
            Yangtze River Delta                                   5,603        2,643       4,698           2,969
            Pearl River Delta                                     2,853        1,405       3,402           2,324
            Bohai Rim                                             9,115        4,373       5,243           3,653
            North-eastern Region                                  1,196          963       2,503           1,568
            Central Region                                        7,647        4,962      13,035           7,482
            Western Region                                        4,071        2,811       3,707           2,374
            Overseas and subsidiaries                               759          349         803             399


            Total                                                51,750       32,888      47,904       30,646
                                                                             Annual Report 2020           429


                    UNAUDITED SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                    (Expressed in millions of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


4 International claims
                                                31 December 2020
                                        North and
                                Asia        South                              Other
                              pacific    America            Europe          Locations                 Total


   Banks                      49,453       47,025            15,498               2,641            114,617
   Public sector               1,545       40,768                375                    –            42,688
   Non-bank private sector    96,387      152,891            33,347              16,453            299,078


   Total                     147,385      240,684            49,220              19,094            456,383


                                                31 December 2019
                                        North and
                                Asia        South                              Other
                              pacific    America            Europe          Locations                 Total


   Banks                      40,594       59,561             9,956                     –          110,111
   Public sector               2,258       44,397                357                    –            47,012
   Non-bank private sector   106,545      158,327            27,173               8,173            300,218


   Total                     149,397      262,285            37,486               8,173            457,341
430 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


ORGANISATION STRUCTURE




                                                         Shareholders’ General Meeting
       Board of Supervisors

                                                                 Board of Directors                                     Office of the Board of Directors

Office of the Board of Supervisors                                                                                   Office of Reform and Transformation
(co-working with the Office of the
        Board of Directors)                                         Management


                               Audit Department




   Customer Service                      Product and                       Risk and Compliance                         Back Office
     Departments                      Channel Supporting                       Management                         Supporting Departments
                                         Departments                           Departments


      Corporate Business                 Transaction Banking                   Risk Management                                       Discipline Inspection and
                                                                                                         Executive Office
         Department                          Department                           Department                                              Supervision Office/
                                                                                                                                    Office of the Leading Group
                                                                                                                                         for Inspection Work
       Strategic Clients                  Investment Banking                      Assessment            Human Resources
          Department                          Department                          Department              Department
                                                                                                                                   Fixed Assets and Infrastructure
                                                                                                                                      Management Department/
          Real Estate                      Financial Markets                  Credit Management      Development and Planning            Headquarters Base
      Finance Department                      Department                          Department                Department                   Construction Office

     Institutional Business               Asset Management                      Special Assets          Asset and Liability           Party-Masses Work
           Department                        Department                          Department          Management Department                Department


      Financial Institutions                Asset Custody                      Legal Affairs and      Finance and Accounting                 Security
          Department                         Department                      Compliance Department         Department                       Department

       Personal Finance                 Channel Management                                                     IT                      Minsheng Research
          Department/                       Department                                                     Department                       Institute
       Consumer Rights
     Protection Department
                                           Internet Finance                                           Operation Management            London Representative
                                              Department                                                   Department                        Office
     Private Banking SBU

                                          Credit Card Centre
  Small Business Finance SBU
    /Inclusive Finance SBU
                                           Direct Bank SBU

   Supply Chain Finance SBU
                                       Investment Banking SBU
                                          (Tier-2 department)


                                                                                                                                 Legend:

                                                                Branches                                                                   Operating Units
                                                                                 Annual Report 2020   431


                                                                    LIST OF ENTITIES

■Beijing                                             ■Wuhan
Entity:        Beijing Branch                        Entity:        Wuhan Branch
Address:       No.2 Fuxingmennei Avenue,             Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,
               Xicheng District, Beijing                            No. 396 Xinhua Road,
Postal code:   100031                                               Jianghan District, Wuhan
Tel:           010-58560088                          Postal code:   430000
Fax:           010-58560001                          Tel:           027-85735530
                                                     Fax:           027-85735531

■Shanghai                                            ■Taiyuan
Entity:        Shanghai Branch                       Entity:        Taiyuan Branch
Address:       No.100 Pudong Nan Road,               Address:       3-5/F, 9-21/F, Block 3,
               Pudong New District, Shanghai                        Tower B, Shanxi International Finance
Postal code:   200120                                               Centre, No. 426 Nanzhonghuan Street,
Tel:           021-61877000                                         Xiaodian District, Taiyuan
Fax:           021-61877001                          Postal code:   030006
                                                     Tel:           0351-8208620
                                                     Fax:           0351-8208407

■Guangzhou                                           ■Shijiazhuang
Entity:        Guangzhou Branch                      Entity:        Shijiazhuang Branch
Address:       Minsheng Tower, No.68 Liede Avenue,   Address:       Minsheng Bank Tower,
               Zhujiang New Town,                                   No.197 Yuhua Dong Road,
               Tianhe District, Guangzhou                           Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang
Postal code:   510623                                Postal code:   050000
Tel:           020-38380052                          Tel:           0311-66889001
Fax:           020-38380000                          Fax:           0311-66889001

■Shenzhen                                            ■Dalian
Entity:        Shenzhen Branch                       Entity:        Dalian Branch
Address:       Minsheng Finance Tower,               Address:       Minsheng International Finance Centre,
               Haitian Road,                                        No. 52 Renmin Dong Road,
               Futian District, Shenzhen                            Zhongshan District, Dalian
Postal code:   518038                                Postal code:   116001
Tel:           0755-82806005                         Tel:           0411-62676990
Fax:           0755-82806890                         Fax:           0411-62676985
432 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


LIST OF ENTITIES



■Nanjing                                                  ■Fuzhou
Entity:        Nanjing Branch                             Entity:        Fuzhou Branch
Address:       Block One, Zijin Finance Centre,           Address:       No. 282 Hudong Road, Fuzhou
               No. 399 Jiangdongzhong Road,               Postal code:   350003
               Jianye District, Nanjin                    Tel:           0591-87617053
Postal code:   210005                                     Fax:           0591-87617310
Tel:           025-83279000
Fax:           025-83279002                               ■Jinan
                                                          Entity:        Jinan Branch
■Hangzhou                                                 Address:       No. 229 Luoyuan Street,
Entity:        Hangzhou Branch                                           Jinan
Address:       Block Jinzun, Zunbao Mansion,              Postal code:   250002
               No. 98 Shimin Street,                      Tel:           0531-86121680
               Qianjiang New Town,                        Fax:           0531-86121690
               Shangcheng District, Hangzhou
Postal code:   310016
Tel:           0571-87232682
Fax:           0571-87239789                              ■Ningbo
                                                          Entity:        Ningbo Branch
■Chongqing                                                Address:       No.815 Juxian Road, Gaoxin District,
Entity:        Chongqing Branch                                          Ningbo
Address:       Tongjuyuanjing Building,                   Postal code:   315048
               No.9 Jianxin Bei Road,                     Tel:           0574-87260600
               Jiangbei District, Chongqing               Fax:           0574-83865645
Postal code:   400020
Tel:           023-67695160
Fax:           023-67695107                               ■Chengdu
                                                          Entity:        Chengdu Branch
■Xi’an                                                    Address:       Block 6, No.966
Entity:        Xi’an Branch                                              Tianfu Avenue Beiduan,
Address:       Building 5, Taihua Jinmao International,                  Gaoxin District, Chengdu
               No. 16, Fenghui Nan Road,                  Postal code:   610042
               Gaoxin District, Xi’an                     Tel:           028-85102116
Postal code:   710065                                     Fax:           028-85102113
Tel:           029-61812920
Fax:           029-61812922
                                                                            Annual Report 2020   433


                                                                          LIST OF ENTITIES



■Tianjin                                        ■Qingdao
Entity:        Tianjin Branch                   Entity:        Qingdao Branch
Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,       Address:       No.190 Hai’er Road,
               No.43 Jianshe Road,                             Laoshan District, Qingdao
               Heping District, Tianjin         Postal code:   266100
Postal code:   300040                           Tel:           0532-58610007
Tel:           022-58925769                     Fax:           0532-58610009
Fax:           022-58925000


■Kunming                                        ■Wenzhou
Entity:        Kunming Branch                   Entity:        Wenzhou Branch
Address:       No. 11800 Caiyun Bei Road,       Address:       Minsheng Bank, Finance Tower,
               Kunming                                         No. 1 Huaijiang Road,
Postal code:   650011                                          Lucheng District, Wenzhou
Tel:           0871-68124010                    Postal code:   325000
Fax:           0871-68124777                    Tel:           0577-88903715
                                                Fax:           0577-88903777


■Quanzhou                                       ■Xiamen
Entity:        Quanzhou Branch                  Entity:        Xiamen Branch
Address:       No.689 Citong Road,              Address:       Xiamen Minsheng Bank Mansion,
               Fengze District, Quanzhou                       No. 50 Hubin Nan Road, Xiamen
Postal code:   362000                           Postal code:   361000
Tel:           0595-28008199                    Tel:           0592-2383023
Fax:           0595-28008180                    Fax:           0592-2682826


                                                ■Zhengzhou
■Suzhou                                         Entity:        Zhengzhou Branch
Entity:        Suzhou Branch                    Address:       Minsheng Bank Tower,
Address:       Minsheng Finance Tower,                         No.1 CBD Shangwu Waihuan Road,
               Block 23, Times Square,                         Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou
               Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou   Postal code:   450046
Postal code:   215028                           Tel:           0371-69166900
Tel:           0512-67909326                    Fax:           0371-69166916
Fax:           0512-62569005
434 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.


LIST OF ENTITIES



■Changsha                                               ■Shantou
Entity:        Changsha Branch                          Entity:        Shantou Branch
Address:       Minsheng Tower,                          Address:       1-3/F, Huajing Plaza,
               No.189 Binjiang Road,                                   No.17 Hanjiang Road, Longhu District,
               Yuelu District, Changsha                                Shantou
Postal code:   410013                                   Postal code:   515000
Tel:           0731-84907020                            Tel:           0754-88363056
Fax:           0731-84907010                            Fax:           0754-88363055

■Changchun                                              ■Nanning
Entity:        Changchun Branch                         Entity:        Nanning Branch
Address:       Minsheng Tower,                          Address:       1-3/F, 3M/F, 30-31/F
               No.500 Changchun Street,                                and 36/F, Block C,
               Nanguan District, Changchun                             China Resources Building,
Postal code:   130041                                                  No.136-5 Minzu Avenue, Nanning
Tel:           0431-81212253                            Postal code:   530000
Fax:           0431-88553099                            Tel:           0771-5778973
                                                        Fax:           0771-5772168

■Hefei                                                  ■Hohhot
Entity:        Hefei Branch                             Entity:        Hohhot Branch
Address:       Yinbao Building,                         Address:       China Minsheng Bank Tower,
               Intersection of Wuhu Xi Road and                        Block C, Oriental Junzuo,
               Jinzhai Road, Shushan District, Heifei                  No. 20 Chile Chuan Avenue,
Postal code:   230041                                                  Saihan District, Hohhot,
Tel:           0551-65682937                                           Inner Mongolia
Fax:           0551-65682901                            Postal code:   010010
                                                        Tel:           0471-2849090
                                                        Fax:           0471-2849082
■Nanchang
Entity:        Nanchang Branch                          ■Shenyang
Address:       No.545 Huizhan Road,                     Entity:        Shenyang Branch
               Honggutan New District, Nanchang         Address:       No.65 Nanjing Bei Street,
Postal code:   330035                                                  Heping District, Shenyang
Tel:           0791-86751214                            Postal code:   110001
Fax:           0791-86761557                            Tel:           024-22587777
                                                        Fax:           024-22587716
                                                                                      Annual Report 2020     435


                                                                                    LIST OF ENTITIES



■Hong Kong                                               ■Harbin
Entity:        Hong Kong Branch                          Entity:        Harbin Branch
Address:       40/F and 01-02 &12-16 37/F,               Address:       No.11 Aijian Road, Daoli District,
               Two International Finance Centre,                        Harbin
               8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong      Postal code:   150000
Postal code:   –                                         Tel:           0451-58569004
Tel:           00852-22816800                            Fax:           0451-58569000
Fax:           00852-28992617
                                                         ■Lanzhou
■Guiyang                                                 Entity:        Lanzhou Branch
Entity:        Guiyang Branch                            Address:       1-4/F, Gansu Daily Press Plaza,
Address:       Building 8, Tianyi International Plaza,                  No.123 Baiyin Road,
               No. 33 Changling Nan Road,                               Chengguan District, Lanzhou
               Gaoxin District, Guiyang                  Postal code:   730030
Postal code:   550081                                    Tel:           0931-6116100
Tel:           0851-88508011                             Fax:           0931-6116100
Fax:           0851-88508012
                                                         ■Urumqi
■Haikou                                                  Entity:        Urumqi Branch
Entity:        Haikou Branch                             Address:       No.314 Yangzijiang Road,
Address:       Zhonghuan International Plaza,                           Saybagh District, Urumqi
               No. 77 Binhai Avenue,                     Postal code:   830000
               Longhua District, Haikou                  Tel:           0991-5515135
Postal code:   570105                                    Fax:           0991-5515044
Tel:           0898-36797777
Fax:           0898-36798888                             ■Xining
                                                         Entity:        Xining Branch
■Lhasa                                                   Address:       1-4/F, Annex Building of
Entity:        Lhasa Branch                                             Telecom Industrial Tower,
Address:       Global Plaza, No.8 Beijing Xi Road,                      No.102 Kunlun Zhong Road,
               Chengguan District, Lhasa,                               Chengzhong District, Xining
               Tibet Autonomous Region                   Postal code:   810000
Postal code:   850000                                    Tel:           0971-8257573
Tel:           0891-6362490                              Fax:           0971-8257573
Fax:           0891-6363808
                                                         ■Yinchuan
■Shanghai                                                Entity:        Yinchuan Branch
Entity:        Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone Branch     Address:       (Minsheng Bank) No. 106,
Address:       40/F and 41/F, No.100 Pudong Nan Road,                   Shanghai Xi Road,
               Pudong New District, Shanghai                            Jinfeng District, Yinchuan,
Postal code:   200120                                                   Ningxia
Tel:           021-61877018                              Postal code:   750004
Fax:           021-61876917                              Tel:           0951-8688713
                                                         Fax:           0951-8688726
Statistics of Correspondent Banks of China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.



 As at the end of 2020, the Bank had
 1,411 correspondent banks in 107
 countries and regions
                                                                                    LIST OF ENTITIES


                                                                                                       436 China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.




Europe
                                                                          America
                                    Asia



           Africa




                                                   Oceania
This annual report is printed on environmental paper.
