                    1




   TIL LOGISTICS
  GROUP LIMITED
       Interim Results Presentation
For the Six Months ended 31 December 2018
                                                     • One of New Zealand’s largest
                                                       domestic freight and logistics
                                                       platforms
                                                     • Nationwide network of branches,
                                                       depots and warehouses and
                                                       dedicated team of employees and
                                                       contractors
                                                     • Comprehensive service offer across
                                                       the supply chain: Freighting, Bulk
                                                       Liquids, Warehousing & Logistics,
                                                       Specialist Lifting and Transport, and
                                                       International Freight Forwarding


TIL LOGISTICS GROUP

     TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                             2
1H19 KEY EVENTS
Pleasing period of business growth and increasing sales as TIL benefits from its bundled transport and
logistics offer.

• Renewal of two significant customer contracts, with Z Energy and Farmlands
• Asset acquisition of Specialised Lifting and Transport Group, strengthening existing offer and
  providing entry into a new sector
• Significant investment in expansion and development of five warehousing facilities to meet future
  demand. Tauranga opened Dec 18, four Auckland and Christchurch facilities to open in 2019
• Bundled transport and logistics offer is now starting to show dividends, and market share is growing,
  with a number of new customers and increasing demand from existing customers
• Establishment of Senior Leadership Team with Divisional CEOs, creation of new CEO, CIO and Group
  HR roles and appointment of Lee Banks as Chief Financial Officer
• Signatory to Climate Leaders Coalition and signing of Memorandum of Understanding with Hiringa
  Energy to investigate hydrogen fuel cell technology transport solutions
                                                                                                   3


                                TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation
1H19 RESULTS OVERVIEW
                                                      The increased operating costs noted in 2H18 have
• Sales revenue and total income continue to trend    continued and are being closely managed:
  upwards, with particularly strong sales
  performances from Freighting and Warehousing
  & Logistics in 1H19.                                Changes in the operating environment: Fluctuating fuel
                                                      prices; higher road user charges and regional fuel taxes,
• A two-month contribution was received from          increased wage costs and higher costs for parts and
  Specialised Lifting and Transport Group (SLTG)      equipment due to the lower exchange rate.
  following its acquisition in November 2018, and
  included the usual seasonal slowdown in
  December.                                           TIL business initiatives: Increased property rent costs
                                                      (particularly due to expanded warehousing capacity),
• 1H19 EBITDA was in line with the previous first     wages and fleet lease costs; establishment of Senior
  half year, despite increased operating costs (and
                                                      Leadership Team; higher repairs and maintenance as
  excluding 1H18 non-trading costs).
                                                      new fleet decisions were delayed while new contracts
• 1H19 NPAT was $4.0m as the company continues        were finalised; and interest and depreciation associated
  to increase sales and invest into growth            with the acquisition of SLTG.
  initiatives which will provide long term value.
                                                      Post-reverse listing: Full period of corporate and
                                                      governance costs (up$1.1m on 1H18); higher debt
                                                      levels post the reverse listing.

TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                           4
1H19 RESULTS SNAPSHOT
$Millions                                      1H19            1H18
Sales Revenue                                  175.2          164.0
                                                                                              TIL Logistics Group has confirmed FY19
Total Income                                   177.6          166.6                           guidance to be EBITDA of $28m to $32m
EBITDA                                          14.1           (7.1)                          and NPAT of $7.8m to $8.8m, taking into
                                                                                              account the higher operating and
Adjusted EBITDA                                 14.1           14.2
                                                                                              corporate cost base, the investment into
NPAT/NLAT                                        4.0          (15.7)                          new warehouses and a partial year
Adjusted NPAT                                    4.0            5.6                           contribution from new acquisitions.
Net Operating Cashflow                          16.5            8.1
Total Assets                                   187.1          159.9
Bank Debt                                      (87.8)         (80.8)
Dividend (cents per share)                       2.5              -
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted NPAT exclude non-trading costs associated with the reverse
listing process, share based payments and the revaluation of deferred consideration for
acquisitions in the prior period (1H18: $21.3m).

See the glossary slide for an explanation of non-GAAP information. A reconciliation of non-
GAAP to GAAP measures is included in the 1H19 Financial Statements.

                                              TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                      5
  1H19: 1H18 KEY MEASURES                                                              Continuing trend of six month improvement in
                                                        Operating Expenses             sales revenue and total income.
        Total Income                                    (excluding Depreciation)
                                                  200
                                                                                       Operating expenses reflect full period of
200                          177.6                         173.6              163.5
           166.6                                                    152.4              corporate and governance costs (up $1.1m on
150                                               150
                                                                                       1H18) and higher operating cost base noted in
100                                               100                                  2H18. Some of the higher fuel costs have been
50                                                 50                                  offset through a supply contract with Z Energy
 0                                                  0                                  as part of the renewed strategic partnership.
           1H18              1H19                          1H18     1H18A     1H19
                                                                                       EBITDA (adjusted) in line with prior first half
                                                                                       year and up on second half of FY18.
                EBITDA                                             NPAT
                                                  10
 20                                                                   5.6
                     14.2        14.1              5
                                                                                   4   NPAT up on preceding six-month period; slightly
 15
                                                   0                                   down on 1H18 reflecting reverse listing in
 10
  5                                                -5                                  December 2017.
  0                                               -10

 -5                                               -15
                                                  -20      -15.7
-10      -7.1                                                                          Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted NPAT exclude non-trading costs
        1H18        1H18A        1H19                      1H18      1H18A      1H19   associated with the reverse listing process, share based payments and
                                                                                       the revaluation of deferred consideration for acquisitions in the prior
                                                                                       period (1H18: $21.3m)
  TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                                                                                  6
1H18: 1H19 EBITDA BRIDGE
                                                Excluding 1H18 non-trading costs, 1H19 EBITDA
                                                was in line with 1H18.
                                                • Focus on margins generated improving results
                                                  in Freighting.
                                                • Warehousing & Logistics reflects investment
                                                  into new and expanded facilities leading to
                                                  increased property costs, and the closure of a
                                                  major customer impacting on NZL.
                                                • Bulk Liquids reflects increased cost base, lower
                                                  consumer demand due to high fuel prices and
                                                  lower sale proceeds from used trucks. Margins
                                                  are expected to improve in the second half.
                                                • Positive performance from International and
                                                  the recently expanded Specialist division.
                                                • Increased corporate and governance costs (up
                                                  $1.1m on prior year) reflect a full six-month
                                                  period as a listed company (compared to one
                                                  month in 1H18) and the expanded leadership
                                                  team.


TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                              7
1H18: 1H19 NPAT BRIDGE
                            Compared to 1H18, the 1H19 result
                            reflects:
                            • Increase in depreciation on capital
                              expenditure and the SLTG acquisition,
                              offset by reduction in depreciation on
                              vehicle sale and leaseback programme.
                            • Finance costs increased due to higher
                              debt levels following the borrowing
                              incurred in December 2017 at the time of
                              the reverse listing, and with ongoing
                              investment into growth initiatives
                              including new warehousing facilities and
                              the acquisition of SLTG.
                            • The 1H18 result included a $0.5m prior
                              year tax adjustment.




                         TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation   8
 BUSINESS DIVISION REVENUE AND EBITDA
                                 REVENUE                      1H19 REVENUE      Segment reporting has been changed to
                200
                                                                                five divisions to better reflect TIL’s
                150
                                                                                business operations.
$ Millions
                100

                 50                                                             Freighting, Warehousing & Logistics and
                                                                                Bulk Liquids are the main contributors
                     0
                                 1H18                1H19                       to the group providing 96% of revenue
                                                                                and 91% of EBITDA.
                                      EBITDA
                         (1H18 excluding non-trading costs)   1H19 ADJ EBITDA
                18                                                              Specialist and International are niche
                                                                                markets with growth potential.
                13

   $ Millions
                                                                                Increased contribution from Specialist
                8
                                                                                division following SLTG acquisition.
                3
                                                                                Opportunity to build market share and
                -2             1H18                 1H19                        earnings across all sectors.

 TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation
                                                                                                                    9
                                                     Freighting

                                                     Warehousing & Logistics

     DIVISION                                        Bulk Liquids


PERFORMANCE                                          International

                                                     Specialist




     TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                             10
FREIGHTING
Revenue $76.4m, +5%
EBITDA $4.9m, +67%
• Focused effort on margin
  improvement is delivering stronger
  result
• Benefit from seasonal pre-Christmas
  demand for freighting
• Increased lease costs with more
  trucks now being leased rather than
  purchased outright
• Opportunity for growth due to
  market consolidation and through
  expansion of existing services




                                     TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation
WAREHOUSING &                                      The new Rolleston warehouse is due to open its doors in April 2019,
                                                   providing an additional 10,000 square metres of space
LOGISTICS
Revenue $52.8m, +9%
EBITDA $5.0m, -7%
• Slightly down on expectations due to:
     - Bottle necks at the Ports of Auckland
        which impacted on the flow of goods
        to Christchurch warehouses
     - A two-month delay in the opening of
        the new NZL warehouse in Tauranga.
        Pleasingly this opened on 1
        December 2018, in time for the busy
        season
     - NZL was impacted by the loss of a
        major customer which closed down
        in late 2017
• Significant investment in new and
  expanded facilities will provide substantial
  capacity for future growth. Capital and set
  up expense will be incurred in FY19, with
  revenue upside in subsequent years

   TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                                    12
BULK LIQUIDS
Revenue $38.9m, +3%
EBITDA $4.0m, -27%

• Renewal of two key customer contracts – with Z Energy and
  Farmlands
• Increased cost base to support renewed customer contracts
• More leasing of trucks leading to higher lease costs
• Fewer used trucks on-sold compared to the prior year
• Q1 impacted by lower consumer demand due to higher fuel
  prices; offset by new contracts with Caltex South Island and
  Foodstuffs in Q2
• Identified significant opportunity associated with non-fuel Bulk
  Liquid transport




                                     TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation   13
SPECIALIST
Revenue $3.4m, +147%
EBITDA $0.5m, +308%
Group of businesses specialising in
heavy haulage and machinery lifting and
transport
• Specialised Lifting and Transport
  Group acquired in November 2018,
  contributed $0.5m EBITDA to the
  1H19 result
• On track to realise synergies from
  2H19 onwards
• Expanded offer and entry into new
  sector offers significant opportunity
  for TIL to grow market share
• Significant projects due to complete
  in 2H19; emerging opportunity
  associated with transport for
  windfarms
   TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation   14
INTERNATIONAL
Revenue $3.8m, +3%
EBITDA $0.7m, +29%

International freight forwarding with
a specialisation in the oil and gas
energy sector, ISO tank leasing and
shipping and full agency services




                                                     Credit: Brian Carlin/Volvo Ocean Race
• Positive six months with uplift in
  Oil & Gas activity in Taranaki
• Increase in revenue from Liquid
  Logistics due to higher demand for
  export tank containers
• Large potential market for
  International with investigations
  underway


TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation   15
GROWTH DRIVERS AND
OPPORTUNITIES
INCREASE SALES AND CUSTOMER DEMAND:
• Promote TIL’s bundled freight and logistics offer to new and existing
   customers
• Capture a greater proportion of existing customers’ supply chains
• Offer specialised services to targeted customers

IMPROVE UTILISATION LEVELS OF EXISTING AND NEW NETWORKS:
• Increase volumes on existing platform with minimal investment
• Strategic investment into expansion to capture current and future
  demand
• Intermodal expansion – utilisation of rail and coastal shipping

MINIMISE COSTS OF SERVICES PROVIDED:
• Make the most of TIL Logistics’ inherent operating leverage
• Leverage technology, exploit available cost efficiencies and scale

GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITION


                                       TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation   16
                                                   “TIL’s expertise in the freight and logistics sector means we are
OUTLOOK                                            well set up to meet all our customers’ needs. Our bundled
Activity levels across the industry remain         transport and logistics offer is now starting to show dividends,
high and long term outlook is positive             and our market share is growing, with a number of new
Continue to assess acquisition opportunities       customers and increasing demand from existing customers.”
with several smaller bolt-on acquisitions
currently under consideration
Investing in new warehousing with two more
warehouses expected to open in 2H19
Identified growth opportunities in
International freight forwarding, and non-
fuel Bulk Liquid haulage.
Focus on organic growth - increasing freight
volumes, improving utilisation, expanding
the offer and driving efficiencies.
FY19 guidance confirmed as EBITDA of $28m
to $32m and NPAT of $7.8m to $8.8m, taking
into account the higher operating and
corporate cost base, the investment into
new warehouses and a partial year
contribution from new acquisitions.

   TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                                   17
CONTACT
Alan Pearson
TIL Logistics Group Limited
Chief Executive Officer
Tel: 021 806 678
Email: alan.pearson@til.kiwi




                               18
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT
BOARD                                                                    GROUP EXECUTIVE TEAM

• Trevor Janes, Independent Chair                                        • Alan Pearson, CEO
• Greg Kern, Non-executive Director                                      • Lee Banks, CFO
• Lorraine Witten, Independent Director                                  • Deana Barnard, Group HR Manager
• Danny Chan, Independent Director                                       • Maurice Corkery, CIO
• Jim Ramsay, Executive Director                                         • Alan Terris, GM Group Marketing
                                                                         Divisional CEOs
TIL Logistics’ Board comprises highly experienced                        • Stephen Owles, DCEO Bulk Liquids
Directors with particular strength in corporate
governance and oversight of growing companies.                           • Jon Kyle, DCEO TIL Freighting
                                                                         • Clayton Imbs, DCEO International
                                                                         • Richard Mather, DCEO Warehousing & Logistics
                                                                         • Warwick Bell DCEO, Specialist Lifting

                                                    TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                         19
GLOSSARY
• Non-GAAP financial information: TIL Logistics Group uses several non-GAAP measures when discussing
  financial performance. These include Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation, Share of
  (Loss)/Profit of Associates and Impairment of Goodwill (EBITDA), adjusted EBITDA excluding non-trading
  costs and adjusted Net Profit/Loss After Tax (NPAT/NLAT) excluding non-trading costs. Management believes
  that these measures provide useful information on the underlying performance of TIL Logistics’
  business. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures, can be found in TIL Logistics
  Group’s Financial Statements that are available on the company’s website.
• EBITDA refers to Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation excluding income from
  associates. EBITDA is a non-GAAP profit measure.
• NPAT/NLAT refers to net profit/loss after tax.
• Adjusted EBITDA/Adjusted NPAT: Removes the impact of non-trading costs. The Board believes this provides
  a better reflection of the company’s underlying performance.




TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                               20
DISCLAIMER
 This presentation has been prepared by TIL Logistics Group Limited (“TLL”). The information in this presentation is of a general nature only. It is not a
 complete description of TLL.

 This presentation is not a recommendation or offer of financial products for subscription, purchase or sale, or an invitation or solicitation for such
 offers.

 This presentation is not intended as investment, financial or other advice and must not be relied on by any prospective investor. It does not take into
 account any particular prospective investor’s objectives, financial situation, circumstances or needs, and does not purport to contain all the
 information that a prospective investor may require. Any person who is considering an investment in TLL securities should obtain independent
 professional advice prior to making an investment decision, and should make any investment decision having regard to that person’s own objectives,
 financial situation, circumstances and needs.

 Past performance information contained in this presentation should not be relied upon as (and is not) an indication of future performance. This
 presentation may also contain forward looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business, and business
 strategy of TLL. Information about the future, by its nature, involves inherent risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, nothing in this presentation is a
 promise or representation as to the future or a promise or representation that an transaction or outcome referred to in this presentation will proceed
 or occur on the basis described in this presentation. Statements or assumptions in this presentation as to future matters may prove to be incorrect.

 A number of financial measures are used in this presentation and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the information
 provided in the TLL Listing Profile.

 TLL and its related companies and their respective directors, employees and representatives make no representation or warranty of any nature
 (including as to accuracy or completeness) in respect of this presentation and will have no liability (including for negligence) for any errors in or
 omissions from, or for any loss (whether foreseeable or not) arising in connection with the use of or reliance on, information in this presentation.



TIL Logistics Group 1H19 Results Presentation                                                                                                             21
