                  1




    TIL LOGISTICS
   GROUP LIMITED
  HY18 INTERIM RESULTS PRESENTATION
FOR THE SIX MONTHS TO 31 DECEMBER 2017
ABOUT TIL LOGISTICS
GROUP
• One of New Zealand’s largest domestic freight
  and logistics platforms
• Nationwide network of branches, depots and
  warehouses with 60 locations and over
  150,000m2 of warehousing space
• Dedicated team of over 1,700 employees and
  contractors
• Fleet of some 900 trucks, 1,110 trailers, 310
  forklifts and 170 light vehicles
• Operates one of the largest petroleum product
  Dangerous Goods (DG) road tanker fleets in the
  country


TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation   2
HALF YEAR KEY EVENTS
A busy first half year concluding with the successful reverse listing transaction


• Grew TIL Logistics’ warehousing and logistics offer with successful integration of new acquisitions
• Negotiated a number of new customer contracts
• Expanded the TIL Logistics operation and continued to upgrade the Fleet
• Announced the appointment of Alan Pearson as the new TIL Logistics Group CEO, effective from
  19 March 2018
• Successfully completed reverse listing on 6 December 2017
• Change of name to TIL Logistics Group Limited (NZX: TLL) on 7 December 2017
• Appointment of new Board of Directors

                                                                                                        3


                                TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation
                                            Revenue                                                      $ 164.0 million

                                            EBITDA                                                       $(7.0) million

                                            EBITDA                                                       $14.3 million
      HALF YEAR                             excluding non-trading costs*
                                            NLAT                                                         $(15.7) million
      RESULTS
      SUMMARY                               NPAT                                                         $5.6 million
                                            excluding non-trading costs*
OUTLOOK FOR 2H 2018:
The first half year results are
                                            *Non-trading costs of $6.5m associated with the reverse listing process, $11.4m in share based
encouraging and give the Board every        payments and $3.4m relating to revaluation of deferred consideration for acquisitions in the prior period.
confidence that the full year pro forma
                                            See page 24 of the TLL HY18 Interim Report for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures.
PFI targets (excluding non-trading costs)
indicated in the Listing Profile will be    See pages 56 to 61 of the Listing Profile for prospective pro forma financial information for FY18,
                                            available at www.til.kiwi/investor-centre-menu/til-transaction.html
achieved.
                                               TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                                              4
HY18 RESULTS SNAPSHOT
                                                                    REPORTED                                      LISTING PROFILE PFI
$Millions                                                           HY18                  HY17                    FY2018F                     FY2018F
                                                                                                                  Pro Forma                   Statutory
Revenue                                                             164.0                 106.7                   328.8                       327.8
EBITDA                                                              (7.0)                 6.9                     -                           9.5
Non-trading costs                                                   21.3                  -                       -                           18.7
EBITDA excluding non-trading costs                                  14.3                  6.9                     28.2                        28.2
NPAT/NLAT                                                           (15.7)                2.0                     -                           (10.3)
NPAT excluding non-trading costs                                    5.6                   2.0                     8.5                         8.5
Total Assets                                                        159.9                 148.8                   152.7                       152.7
Total Debt                                                          (80.8)                (0.2)                   (75.5)                      (75.5)
Net operating cashflows                                             8.1                   9.0                     14.2                        14.2
See pages 56 to 61 of the Listing Profile for prospective pro forma financial information for FY18 and FY19. The primary differences between FY2018 pro forma and statutory
information in the Listing Profile are the exclusion from pro forma of one off costs associated with the reverse listing transaction and the inclusion of a full twelve months’
contribution of the recently acquired Glassworks business. See page 24 of the TLL HY18 Interim Report for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures.

TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation
                                                                                                                                                                        5
EBITDA BRIDGE
                                                                  • Positive performance from existing
                                                                    businesses
                                                                  • NZL Group and Move Logistics
                                                                    (Logistics segment) acquired in May
                                                                    and June 2017, respectively
             $6.9m                                                • Other includes contribution from
                                                                    freight forwarding businesses, and
                                                                    corporate services. HY18 includes
                                                                    non-trading costs of $6.5m associated
                                                                    with the reverse listing process,
                                                                    $11.4m in share based payments and
                                                                    $3.4m relating to revaluation of
                                                                    deferred consideration for
                                                        $(7.0)m
                                                                    acquisitions in the prior period
                                                                  • Excluding non-trading costs, HY18
                                                                    EBITDA was up 107% on HY17 to
                                                                    $14.3m


TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                                              6
CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                                TOTAL DEBT                                            Focus on debt reduction:
             90
                    $80.8m                                                            • Utilisation of working capital
             80                       $75.5m
                                                                                      • Investigating release of assets
             70
                                                           $63.8m                       through increase in owner-drivers
             60



 $Millions
             50
                                                                                      The increase in reported Total Debt
             40                                                                       from HY17 ($0.2m) to HY18 reflects the
             30
                                                                                      acquisition of businesses under the
                                                                                      reverse listing transaction.
             20

             10

             0
                  Actual HY18    Proforma FY18 Fcast Proforma FY19 Fcast


 See page 56 of the Listing Profile for an explanation of pro forma adjustments for debt

TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                                                                          7
 SEGMENT REVENUE AND EARNINGS
                250      REVENUE                               HY18 REVENUE                                Freighting: Good performance from existing
                200                                                                                        businesses.

$ Millions
                150

                100                                                                                        Logistics: Primarily comprises NZL Group and
                 50
                                                                                                           Move Logistics, acquired since the previous
                                                                                                           first half year, both of which are performing
                 0
                        HY17            HY18                                                               well

                15    ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                                      Asset Management: Revenue generated
                                                               HY18 ADJ EBITDA
                                                                                                           from leasing of trucks and trailers to TIL
                10
                                                                                                           Logistics businesses

   $ Millions    5                                                                                         Other: Includes small contribution from
                                                                                                           freight forwarding services.
                 0
                        HY17             HY18

                                       Adjusted EBITDA excludes non-trading costs of $6.5m associated with the reverse listing process, $11.4m in share
                                       based payments and $3.4m relating to revaluation of deferred consideration for acquisitions in the prior period. See
                                       page 24 of the TLL HY18 Interim Report for a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures.
 TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation
                                                                                                                                                              8
TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation   9
FREIGHTING
Revenue $111.9m
Adjusted EBITDA $4.4m

TIL Logistics is one of the largest freight
transport companies in New Zealand and has a
nationwide network with regional strength and
speciality services
• Grew the client base and welcomed a number of new
  clients
• Continued to upgrade the TIL Logistics fleet with around
  30 new vehicles, including trucks and trailers, entering
  the operation
• Focus on expansion of specialist trucking operations
• Investigating opportunities to develop new services
  within the Group
• Looking to increase the number of owner-operators
  within the fleet



                                                             10
  TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation
LOGISTICS
Revenue $48.4m
Adjusted EBITDA $4.1m

TIL Logistics’ expanded warehousing offering
provides tangible opportunities for increased
customer engagement and growth
• Successfully integrated NZL Group and MOVE Logistics
  into the Group
• Signed new customer contracts including freight handling
  ventures between MOVE Logistics and the Ports of
  Auckland and Lyttelton Port
• Acquired Seamount Enterprises’ fleet and Glassworks
  Logistics’ logistics and supply services businesses which
  have been integrated into MOVE Logistics




                                                              TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation   11
  ASSET
  MANAGEMENT
  Adjusted EBITDA $5.2m

  Comprises the majority of the
  Group’s trucks and trailers.
  Revenue generated from leasing
  of assets to TIL Logistics Group
  businesses

  • Increased assets and earnings reflecting
    expanded TIL Logistics Group portfolio
    of businesses




TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation   12
                INCREASE THE VOLUME OF FREIGHT TRANSPORTED BY TIL:
                • Selectively target new customers that align with TIL Logistics’
                   platform
                • Capture a greater proportion of existing customers’ supply
                   chains
                IMPROVE UTILISATION LEVELS OF EXISTING AND NEW
                NETWORKS:
                • Increase volumes on existing platform with minimal investment
GROWTH          • Intermodal expansion – utilisation of rail and coastal shipping
DRIVERS AND     OFFER CUSTOMERS A BROADER RANGE OF SERVICES:
OPPORTUNITIES   • Ability to offer a full range of logistics services

                MINIMISE COSTS OF SERVICES PROVIDED:
                • Make the most of TIL Logistics’ inherent operating leverage
                • Leverage technology, exploit available cost efficiencies and
                  scale

                GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITION

                                                                                 13
                 TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation
STRONG BOARD AND MANAGEMENT TEAM

BOARD                                                                 EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP

• Trevor Janes, Independent Chair                                     • Alan Pearson, CEO as at 19 March 2018
                                                                            Alan has over 35 years commercial experience in both
• Greg Kern, Non-executive Director                                         public and private companies, including ten years as
                                                                            Managing Director of Halls Group Limited, which is one
• Lorraine Witten, Independent Director                                     of New Zealand’s largest transport & logistics
• Danny Chan, Independent Director                                          companies (primarily involved with temperature
                                                                            controlled supply chains for both domestic and export
• Jim Ramsay, Executive Director                                            food markets)
                                                                      • Greg Whitham, CFO
TIL Logistics’ Board comprises highly experienced                     • Alan Terris, International & Group Marketing
Directors with particular strength in corporate                         Director
governance and oversight of growing companies.


                                              TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                              14
CONTACT




          15
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
    See page 56 to 61 of the TIL Listing Profile for Explanatory Notes




                       TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation   16
GLOSSARY
• Pro forma historical financial information has been sourced from audited and unaudited financial statements and
  management reports that are available on the TIL Logistics Website under Investor Centre/TIL Transaction. Details of
  consolidation and other pro forma adjustments can be found in the Supplementary Financial Information on the TIL
  Logistics website under Investor Centre/TIL Transaction.
• EBITDA refers to Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation excluding income from associates. EBITDA
  and pro forma EBITDA are non-GAAP profit measures. TIL considers that pro forma EBITDA, which normalises performance
  for certain structural changes within the business and removes the impact of a number of non-recurring items, allows for a
  better comparison of operating performance over the historical and PFI period and for comparison with that of other
  company. Reconciliations between pro forma EBITDA and GAAP profit measures are contained within the Supplementary
  Financial Information.
• NPAT/NLAT refers to net profit/loss after tax. Pro forma NPAT in FY2015-FY2018F represents NPAT after allowing for pro
  forma adjustments as discussed under the heading “Financial Information Presented” above. There are no pro forma
  adjustments included in the FY2019F NPAT. Pro forma NPAT is a non-GAAP measure. Reconciliations between pro forma
  NPAT and GAAP profit measures are contained within the Supplementary Financial Information.
• Pro forma net cash flows from operating activities is a non-GAAP profit measure. Pro forma net cash flows from operating
  activities have been calculated as net cash flows from operating activities adjusted for the cash impact of the pro forma
  adjustments. The Supplementary Financial Information contains reconciliations between pro forma net cash flows from
  operating activities and GAAP profit measures.



TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                                                                      17
DISCLAIMER
 This presentation has been prepared by TIL Logistics Group Limited (“TLL”). The information in this presentation is of a general nature only. It is not a
 complete description of TLL.

 This presentation is not a recommendation or offer of financial products for subscription, purchase or sale, or an invitation or solicitation for such offers.

 This presentation is not intended as investment, financial or other advice and must not be relied on by any prospective investor. It does not take into
 account any particular prospective investor’s objectives, financial situation, circumstances or needs, and does not purport to contain all the information
 that a prospective investor may require. Any person who is considering an investment in TLL securities should obtain independent professional advice
 prior to making an investment decision, and should make any investment decision having regard to that person’s own objectives, financial situation,
 circumstances and needs.

 Past performance information contained in this presentation should not be relied upon (and is not) an indication of future performance. This
 presentation may also contain forward looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business, and business
 strategy of TLL. Information about the future, by its nature, involves inherent risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, nothing in this presentation is a promise
 or representation as to the future or a promise or representation that an transaction or outcome referred to in this presentation will proceed or occur on
 the basis described in this presentation. Statements or assumptions in this presentation as to future matters may prove to be incorrect.

 A number of financial measures are used in this presentation and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, the information
 provided in the TLL Listing Profile.

 TLL and its related companies and their respective directors, employees and representatives make no representation or warranty of any nature (including
 as to accuracy or completeness) in respect of this presentation and will have no liability (including for negligence) for any errors in or omissions from, or
 for any loss (whether foreseeable or not) arising in connection with the use of or reliance on, information in this presentation.




TIL Logistics Group HY18 Interim Results Presentation                                                                                                      18
