Preparing
to unleash
our
potential.

      Annual Report 2023
 2




We‘re
preparing to
unleash our
potential.
With a legacy of over 150 years,
we’ve cemented our position
as one of New Zealand’s
premier transport and logistics
providers. More recently, we’ve
grown our business, bringing
in new capability and services.
Now a new chapter begins,
one that will define our future.
We’re getting ready to unleash
our potential – delivering
innovative solutions that meet
our customers’ needs and
creating value for our people
and our shareholders.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023   3
4
                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023         5




Business
with a
smile.
We believe in doing business
with a smile. It’s not just the
expertise, unique skills and
commitment to excellence
that fuel our success, it’s
the genuine connection
that our people forge with
our customers that sets
us apart. Our people are
passionate about our industry
and excited about the
transformation underway in
our business. Together, we
are driving positive change
that will benefit our team,
our customers and our
shareholders.




With a bubbly personality and a strong work ethic,
Pearl Henshaw is a valued driver for MOVE’s Fuel
business. She loves being out and about, delivering
fuel to customers across the region. Having top-of-
the-line trucks to drive and a great team to work
with are added bonuses. Initially from the West
Coast, Pearl has worked her way up through the
industry, from class 2 to class 5 trucks. Now based in
Christchurch, she is one of the few female fuel drivers
in the region. She recommends it as a great career
pathway for young people leaving school, saying it is
ideal for those not wanting a desk job and provides
good hours and pay.
  6




Connecting
the dots.
We are connecting the
dots to create a seamless
and efficient end to end
supply chain solution for
our customers. Through our
extensive network, specialised
services and sector-specific
expertise, we have the ability
to meet our customers’ needs
and exceed their expectations.




Ian Pascoe is one of MOVE’s specialised aquaculture
drivers, transporting mussels around the country for
some of New Zealand’s biggest suppliers.
With more than 30 years of driving under his belt, in
both Australia and New Zealand, Ian always had a
fascination for trucks and got his Heavy Vehicle licence
not long after leaving school. His career has spanned
the dairy, mining and fresh food sectors, with jobs in the
past two decades revolving around his role as a solo
parent. But now his young family has grown up, Ian has
moved back to his first love, line haul driving across
the country. He can often be found travelling between
Nelson, Tauranga and the Coromandel, picking up and
delivering loads of live mussels. The job is a specialised
one, with MPI-certified trucks, and drivers trained in the
secure, quality transportation of live seafood.
Ian says driving is a passion, not a job. “It’s interesting
and challenging. It’s not just driving – it’s loading,
strapping and unloading, and ensuring your truck is
in top condition. I like the variety of going to different
places each day and being personally responsible for
delivering a great service for MOVE and our customers.”
Ian is a valued member of the MOVE team and his
experience and passion are much appreciated.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023   7
 8




Welcome.
The Board and Management of MOVE Logistics Group Limited are
pleased to present our Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2023.



Lorraine Witten			                   Craig Evans
Chair					                           Chief Executive Officer




10    About us
                              15   From the Chair
                                                        21   Management report




11    Our network
                              17   Our strategy
                                                        29   Project Blueprint




12    FY23 at a glance
                              18   Introducing MOVE’s
                                   new CEO              32   Taking care of what
                                                             matters




33    MOVE’s sustainability
      journey                                           40   MOVE Board




37    Our community
                                                        42   MOVE Leadership
                                                             team


38    Our team
                                                        44   Financial measures
                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   9




47   Financial statements




53   Notes to the
     concolidated financial
     statements


85   Independent auditor’s
     report




89   Additional statutory
     information


98   Corporate governance
 10




About us.
OUR VISION
To be the preferred freight and logistics provider in Australasia.
This means delivering the best solution and service for our customers, providing secure and rewarding work
opportunities for our people, and generating value for our shareholders.

OUR MISSION
To keep our customers moving.
Our expert term provides comprehensive freight and logistics solutions to help our clients stay ahead and
succeed.

OUR MANTRA
Customer, Safety, Team
We work together to deliver the best possible customer experience and business performance, strive to exceed
our customer’s expectations and remain unwavering in our dedication to ensuring the well-being and safety of
our people, partners and communities in our work.

WHAT WE DO
MOVE is a one stop shop for all logistics services. We can provide a solution for supply chain challenges of all kinds.
Store your goods with us and transport them where you need with our domestic and international networks.




 FREIGHT                       CONTRACT LOGISTICS           SPECIALIST                    INTERNATIONAL
                               WAREHOUSING/
                               BULK LIQUIDS


 We are one of the             We offer contracted          We move oversized and         We are global logistics
 largest domestic              solutions for customers      large items that require      specialists, moving all
 freight providers in New      including warehousing        specialist haulage.           kinds of goods to and
 Zealand.                      and supply chain                                           from anywhere. We
                                                            From heavy haulage,
                               capability. Our                                            provide international
 Our services include                                       and machinery
                               warehouses are central                                     freight forwarding
 general freight,                                           transports to oversized
                               to main routes and                                         and shipping agency
 household relocations,                                     freight movements –
                               easy for port access.                                      services across a broad
 temperature-controlled                                     we can move anything.
                                                                                          range of industries.
 goods, project cargo          Our specialist road
 and full truck loads.         tanker division is one of                                  Our new trans-Tasman
 There’s nothing we can’t      the largest operators                                      shipping service adds
 move.                         in the New Zealand fuel                                    another valued service
                               delivery market.                                           to our offer.
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  11




MAUNGANUI

              Our network.
             TAURANGA



              “Our network connects us to
            GISBORNE


              our customers and allows
           NAPIER

  HASTINGS    us to deliver the best supply
              chain solution. We work with
                                                                                               WHANGAREI

ASTERTON
              customers across Australasia
 GTON         and in a diverse range of
              sectors.”
                                                                            AUCKLAND

                                                                                                         MT MAUNGANUI
                                                                                  HAMILTON
                                                                                                                           TAURANGA



                                                                    NEW PLYMOUTH                                         GISBORNE


                                                                                                                         NAPIER

                                                                                WANGANUI                      HASTINGS
                                                     PALMERSTON NORTH



                                                             RAI VALLEY                                    MASTERTON
                  FREIGHT
                                                              NELSON                                   WELLINGTON
                  WAREHOUSING

                  INTERNATIONAL                          WESTPORT
                                                                                           BLENHEIM
                  BULK LIQUIDS

                  SPECIALIST

                  OCEANS
                                                                                 CHRISTCHURCH

                                                                                   ASHBURTON

                                                                       TIMARU

                                                                                                                                  FREIGHT
                                  CROMWELL                                                                                        WAREHOUSING

                                                                                                                                  INTERNATIONAL
                                                                 DUNEDIN
                                                                                                                                  BULK LIQUIDS

                                                             INVERCARGILL                                                         SPECIALIST

                                                                                                                                  OCEANS




              TEAM                                    NETWORK                                         CORPORATE
              1,147team members                       41 branches, depots, crossdocks,                1,900 shareholders
                                                      warehouses and support offices
              19% of our team are female                                                              23% of issued capital held by
                                                      across New Zealand
                                                                                                      Australian shareholders
              71% of our team are based outside
                                                      197,000 square metres of
              of Auckland
                                                      warehouse capacity
              34% of our our Freight fleet drivers
                                                      1,104 owned trucks, trailers and
              are Owner Drivers
                                                      forklifts
12




FY23 at a glance.
Continuing to reshape and strengthen our business as we
look to unleash our potential.

Operating          Reduced volatility as pandemic and freight congestion issues ease
Environment        Moderation in customer demand following post-Covid surge - increasing
                   economic headwinds putting pressure on demand across most sectors
                   Severe weather events in 2H23 created freight movement challenges and
                   impacted customers
                   Inflationary cost escalation increasing the cost to serve and putting pressure on
                   margins


Work our assets    Progressed the Freight improvement programme
smarter            Accelerated the fleet replacement programme and optimised fleet to improve
                   utilisation
                   Digital transformation continuing with successful pilot of new transport
                   management system and investment in hardware


Optimise our       Results reflect investment in growth initiatives, moderation in customer demand in
earnings           response to economic conditions, ongoing freight improvement programme and
                   weather events
                   Tight cost control with gross margin in line with prior year
                   Transitioning towards higher margin customers


Build our multi-   Increased collaboration across the group to create a one stop shop for end to end
modal offer        supply chain solutions
                   Launch of new trans-Tasman shipping service with encouraging early signs


Deliver for our    Increasing market share as businesses look for alternative provider to add value
customers          Accelerated the rebranding programme to build awareness of MOVE’s unified offer
                   Focus on higher value, higher margin business


Upsize our         Specialist division welcomed back into the group following review
business           Investing in and expanding core competencies to drive organic growth


Taking care of     Appointment of Craig Evans as CEO from February 2023
what matters       Appointment of Rachel Hustler as the new GM People & Culture from 1 July 2023
                   Appointment of new National Sales Manager from October 2023
                   Priority focus on health & safety, people and culture
                   Well progressed towards CRD reporting in FY24
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        13




            INCOME                   NORMALISED EBITDA1                 NORMALISED EBIT1                         NLAT2



    347.7M $47.4M
    $                                                                   $
                                                                           3.9M                        $
                                                                                                          (7.2)M
         FY22: $364.0M                     FY22: $56.2M                      FY22: $11.5M                    FY22: $(4.2)M




              LTIFR                           CAPEX                           GEARING                      FREE CASHFLOW



        14.72                       $19.5M                               17.2%                         $
                                                                                                           35.4M
           FY22: 15.81                      FY22: $5.7M                      FY22: 22.3%                      FY22: $45.1M




        REVENUE BY DIVISION                       NORMALISED EBITDA BY DIVISION




                                                                                                           FREIGHT

                                                                                                           CONTRACT LOGISTICS

                                                                                                           INTERNATIONAL

                                                                                                           SPECIALIST




1
  Normalised EBITDA and Normalised EBIT exclude non-controlling interest and non-trading adjustments of $1.7m pre-tax related
to asset impairment & restructuring the business (FY22: $3.4m). FY23 EBITDA before non-trading was $45.7m.
2
  Attributable to owners of the company.




                                               FREIGHT
                                                 FREIGHT

                                               CONTRACT
                                                 CONTRACT
                                                        LOGISTICS
                                                          LOGISTICS

                                               INTERNATIONAL
                                                 INTERNATIONAL
14




     MOVE CEO, Craig Evans & Chair, Lorraine Witten
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       15




From the Chair.
Lorraine Witten, Chair




In a world where the economic     MOVE was founded more than 150 years ago.
                                  Built on a nationwide network of leading regional
and market landscape is           brands and businesses, we have now brought these
                                  together into one cohesive group. By leveraging
constantly being reshaped,        the strength and expertise of each entity within our
                                  organisation, we have created an end to end supply
adaptability is the key to        chain solution with capability across a wide range of
survival. Over the past two       sectors and industries.
                                  Innovative customer solutions have been a
years, we have embraced this      cornerstone of our approach, as we seek to meet
wholeheartedly, navigating        our clients’ evolving needs. From MOVE’s new
                                  trans-Tasman shipping service, which we have been
through a transformative          piloting this year, through to how, when and where
                                  we freight and store our customer’s goods, our focus
period in which we redefined      is always on delivering value for our clients. This

our goals, charted our course     ethos is enabling us to forge strong relationships
                                  and establish ourselves as a trusted partner in the
and developed strategies to       industry.

enable us to thrive in an ever-   Beyond the strategic decisions that drive our
                                  business, it is MOVE’s people who truly set us
evolving market.                  apart. We firmly believe that a company is only as
                                  strong as its workforce and we are proud to have
                                  a dedicated team of more than 1,100 professionals
                                  who embody our values, are passionate about
                                  our industry and believe in MOVE’s potential.
                                  We value the diverse skills and perspectives our
                                  team members bring, and our aim is to foster an
                                  inclusive and supportive environment where they
                                  can thrive. On behalf of the Board, we would like to
                                  acknowledge and thank our people for all they have
                                  done for our business over the past year. We know
                                  that change can be challenging and we thank them
                                  for staying the course.
                                  Our commitment to Environmental, Social and
                                  Governance principles remains steadfast. We
                                  recognise that to earn our social licence to operate,
                                  we must act responsibly and for a wider purpose
                                  than simply profit. Our ideal is to not just reduce
                                  our impact, but to contribute positively for our
                                  people, our communities and the environment. We
                                  believe this will have beneficial outcomes for our
                                  business, thereby creating long term value for our
                                  shareholders. More can be read on our approach
                                  in the Taking Care of What Matters section of this
                                  report.
 16




MOVE’s financial results for FY23 reflect the             As Chair of the Board, I would like to thank my fellow
investments made into our business and new                Directors for their support, strategic guidance,
initiatives, the ongoing reset of our Freight division,   diverse perspectives and governance as we steer
and the transition towards higher margin business         MOVE in the right direction. In particular, I would like
as well as the more challenging economic                  to acknowledge and thank director, Chris Dunphy,
conditions. We recognise that there is more work to       who took on the role of Executive Director over the
be done to unleash the potential of our business and      last 18 months. With Craig’s appointment as CEO in
achieve the results our shareholders are looking for.     February 2023, Chris has now stepped back into a
                                                          non-executive board role.
Central to the next stage of our journey has been
the appointment of our new CEO, Craig Evans,              We were pleased to welcome Julia Raue as an
whose significant industry expertise and experience       independent director from 3 May 2023. Julia has a
have brought a fresh perspective to our business.         strong background in business transformation and
We welcomed Craig to our company in early 2023            digital change, which is of significant value as MOVE
and already he has infused the organisation with a        continues its digital transformation. Her appointment
renewed sense of purpose, positivity and passion.         is in line with the Board’s succession planning, with
                                                          Danny Chan intending to step down at this year’s
Following his appointment, Craig undertook an
                                                          Shareholder Meeting. Danny joined the Board when
indepth business review which has resulted in
                                                          MOVE first listed in 2017 and has provided valued
Project Blueprint, a 12 to 18 month dual pathway
                                                          governance and advice as the company has
to reshape and strengthen the business, and
                                                          evolved.
drive growth.
                                                          I would also like to express my appreciation for
We continue to steadfastly pursue our strategy,
                                                          MOVE’s leadership team who have embraced
which centres around three core areas – building
                                                          change and worked collaboratively together to lay
a better, stronger business; smart growth and
                                                          the foundations for our future growth.
expansion; and taking care of what matters. Under
Craig’s direction, new priorities have been set, with     In this annual report, we share our journey and the
our focus sharpened on our customers, our offer,          pathways we have chosen to propel us forward. We
our people and driving revenue and returns. These         thank our shareholders for your ongoing support
priorities reflect our commitment to delivering           and trust in our abilities. Together, we will continue
exceptional value to our customers, nurturing our         moving the dial as we unlock our potential and
talented team, and ensuring the long-term success         chart a clear path toward long-term profitability and
and prosperity of our company.                            shareholder value.
As part of our recognition of the contribution our
people make to our business, the Board intends to
implement a company-wide cash profit sharing
scheme that aligns incentives for the MOVE team
directly with Company’s financial performance.
Craig is a big supporter of this and has surrendered
the 1 million restricted share units (RSUs) he was
issued upon commencing his role, to ensure that his       Lorraine Witten
incentives are aligned with those offered to the wider    Chair
MOVE team.
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023   17




Our strategy.
                                                                   NGER BU
                                                          , STRO          SIN
                                                   T ER                      ES
                                             B   ET                             S




                                               Funding                 Passionate
                                              for Growth              and Talented
                                                                         People




                        T TER S
                                                                                            SMART G
                                        Superior

                                                                                                   RO
                                        Financial                           Operational
                                                                            Excellence
                                                                                                      W
                        T MA
                                      Performance

                              A                                                                        TH
                                                                                                          &
                           WH                               Technology
                                                               and
                                  F
                                     O
                                  RE                        Innovation                  EX
                                                                                       NS
                                      A
                                       C
                                           AK                                    N   PA
                                             IN                               IO
                                               G   T




BETTER, STRONGER BUSINESS                   SMART GROWTH & EXPANSION                    TAKING CARE OF WHAT
                                                                                        MATTERS
Work our assets smarter:                    Deliver for our customers: Putting
Investing in what matters and               our customers at the heart of all           Having a positive impact on our
driving better returns on our               we do and delivering the best               people, communities and the
businesses and assets                       customer solution and service               environment
Optimise earnings:                          Upsize our business:
Focused on optimising our                   Maximising organic and
earnings and delivering strong              acquisition opportunities to
earnings growth and value for               expand our market presence
shareholders                                across Australasia, extend our
                                            offer and grow our customer base
                                            Build our multi-modal offer:
                                            Creating a multi-modal offer that
                                            utilises the best freight modes
                                            to deliver our customers’ goods
                                            where and when needed
                                            Industry collaboration and
                                            partnerships:
                                            Work in partnership with best-
                                            in-class providers to ensure the
                                            optimal solution for our customers
                                            and help us grow while preserving
                                            our capital
 18




Introducing MOVE’s
new CEO, Craig Evans.
                                   My colleagues would describe me as a people
Craig Evans joined MOVE on         person, very approachable and keen to hear
1 February 2023, with a remit to   what others have to say. I’m also very energetic,
                                   particularly when I’m passionate about something.
rejuvenate our 150-plus year       I’m always thinking two or three years ahead, about
                                   cause and effect, and that often takes me down a
old company and establish          whole lot of different tangents.
a strong business positioned       I always told my kids two things; Be the best you
                                   can be and be considerate to others. They’re
for the future. Craig comes        not really kids anymore. I’ve got three children
with an impeccable pedigree,       and 11 mokopuna. So now I tell those things to my
                                   grandchildren. People do business with people they
having worked in the transport     like. Being courteous and considerate gets you a
                                   long way in life.
industry since leaving school,     Every kid should do sport. It’s a great way to learn
including a 35-year stint with     teamwork, competition and sportsmanship. I was
                                   pretty good at sport at school and considered going
Mainfreight where he held the      to the States to pursue an athletics career. I’ve also
role of New Zealand country        got a Black Belt in Zen Do Kai, which is a freestyle
                                   martial art.
manager for the last seven         My first job was cleaning toilets. I worked a variety
years. He’s now applying his       of jobs while I was growing up, my brothers and I
                                   were all expected to pay our own way for the things
skills and experience to one       that we wanted, there were no handouts. I’m a
                                   big believer in looking at people’s experience and
of New Zealand’s longest           attitude towards work, rather than the degrees they
                                   hold.
standing freight and logistics
                                   I was made redundant when I was 23 years old and
companies, MOVE Logistics          on my honeymoon. I’d been managing the bulk line
                                   haul business for a transport company, one that
Group.                             I’d joined straight out of school. A few days after
                                   I was made redundant, I met Bruce Plested from
                                   Mainfreight, which was an emerging company at
                                   the time. He offered me a store manager job. When
                                   I turned that down, he offered me a management
                                   role instead.
                                   I did the equivalent of an MBA at Macquarie
                                   University. I was a guinea pig for their accelerated
                                   programme. We completed it over 31 days’ straight,
                                   no breaks, 12 hour days, 320 hours in total. It nearly
                                   broke us but it was an incredible learning experience.
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   19




I love to see people grow and excel. The biggest
joy I get in business is seeing people recognise and
then work towards realising their potential. If we can
create a sense of unity, achievement and a strong
culture, then that will translate to business success.
The secret to being a good CEO is to recognise
you’re not an expert at everything and listen to
people. CEOs are not here to make decisions, we’re
here to find the right answers. People need to feel
safe to provide ideas. Collaboration is a word I’m big
on.
Tackling climate change is a journey. We all need
to be on it if we want our planet to survive. However,
we need to keep it real and do-able, and not get
caught up in the PR hype. At MOVE, we’re looking at
new technologies and alternative fuels and how we
can operate our business more sustainably, but we
recognise it’s not a quick fix.
Skilled labour is one of the biggest issues for our
industry. We need a robust, skilled workforce – and
to do that, we need to make our industry fun and a
great place to work. Our young people need to see a
career and opportunities for themselves. We’re very
focused on growing our own talent and developing
people within our business.
Reputation is everything. When people talk about
MOVE Logistics Group, I want them to think three
things – we are problem solvers, we are great to do
business with and our word is our bond. I want every
one of our people to be proud of who they work
for and to take pride in doing the best possible job.
That’s my focus for now and I’m bringing everyone in
our company along on the journey with me.
20
                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023          21




Management
report.
Craig Evans, Chief Executive Officer



I am delighted to be reporting to shareholders for
the first time since taking on the mantle of MOVE’s
CEO earlier this year. It has been an interesting
first few months as I have travelled our network,
listening to our people, talking to our customers and
understanding the challenges we are facing, but
more exciting for us all, the huge potential for our
business.
The initiatives undertaken over the past two years,
some of which are still in progress, are creating a
step change for this organisation. My priority now
is to continue that transformational change and
strengthen our value proposition.
The company has been in survival mode for some
time. Now we are moving to a new mindset as
we reshape and strengthen our business, create
a unified platform and start hunting for new
opportunities and prospects.
The demand is out there – businesses are telling
us they want a strong alternative in the market; a
provider who is focused on New Zealand customers,
with a breadth of product and service capability,
and who can move quickly to deliver a solution that
is tailored to their needs.
However, we are not just hunting for any business. For
many years, MOVE was predominantly a low margin
bulk freight business. The business grew through
strategic acquisitions, particularly in recent years,
and as these businesses have been integrated into
the group, our ability to offer an end to end solution
has been enhanced, along with specialised services
and industry-specific expertise. This evolution has
paved the way to establishing a higher margin
business model, built upon a compelling customer
value proposition that capitalises on MOVE’s
strengths. There is still work to do in this area as we
untangle years of siloed regional-focused behaviour
to create a single unified group.
MOVE has one of New Zealand’s largest freight
networks, well located warehouses, a fledgling trans-
Tasman shipping service that is already performing
well, and international freight forwarding services.
We will continue to strengthen, invest in and expand
these core competencies as we grow our business.
 22




We are also looking to collaborate more across our         business. Alongside this is our pathway to reshape
industry, working in partnership with best-in-class        our business. This will provide more immediate
providers to ensure the optimal solution for our           financial benefit for the business and involves a
customers and help us grow while preserving our            comprehensive review of our operating costs and
capital.                                                   structure to ensure we are best placed to maximise
                                                           our performance while the growth strategy takes hold.
Our people will be the driving force for our success
and we are taking them with us on our journey.             Initiatives already in play are delivering early benefits,
During my visits to MOVE’s branches, depots and            including improved cost disciplines, stronger
warehouses across the country, I have been truly           leadership across the business and a continuing
impressed by the remarkable individuals who make           transition from silo businesses to a unified group
up MOVE’s team. Their passion, professionalism and         which allows us to better service our customers
unwavering dedication to excellence are the pillars        and enhances our end to end supply chain solution.
upon which we will build our future success. If we do      The Freight improvement programme remains in
right by our people, we believe they will do right by us   progress and the gains from this will a key driver of
as we work together to deliver the ultimate customer       improving financial returns.
experience.
We have recently appointed Rachel Hustler as GM            TRADING CONDITIONS
of People and Culture and are building a strategy
                                                           Challenging economic conditions, extreme weather
that will create a unified culture with a high level
                                                           events and softening customer demand following
of trust and accountability, where people are
                                                           the post-Covid surge in activity all affected our
empowered and believe in our MOVE brand. Rachel
                                                           business over FY23.
was an integral leader within Mainfreight NZ, heading
compliance, training and development.                      Customer activity softened from the peaks seen in
                                                           FY22 in response to slowing economic conditions,
We recognise that there is still work to be done as
                                                           particularly in the second half of the year. This has
we reshape our business, particularly in our Freight
                                                           been felt across both Warehousing and Freight.
division. As has been said previously, this is the
division that needs the most work, however, it also        In addition, our realignment of Freight rates to
offers a key opportunity to drive revenue and profit       market, which was undertaken in FY22, saw a
for our group.                                             contraction of the customer base. We have
                                                           maintained our existing infrastructure during this
Over the next few pages, you can read about the
                                                           period, ensuring the capacity to deliver for our
progress and performance in each of our divisions
over FY23, and the work we are doing in the areas          customers as demand grows.
which enable our business.                                 Inflationary pressures have increased the cost to
                                                           serve. To mitigate this, there has been tight control
PROJECT BLUEPRINT                                          over fixed costs which remained in line with the
                                                           previous year.
We are stepping up the work commenced last
year, to significantly improve MOVE’s financial and        Weather events affected the Freight business in
operating performance. Project Blueprint will create       particular, with road closures and Cook Strait ferry
a strong launch pad to support our future growth           delays causing delays and blockages in the supply
ambitions, with a more efficient, higher margin            chain. Again this increased the cost to serve, with
business model, that capitalises on MOVE’s strengths.      additional driver hours and costs incurred.

We are focused on organic growth, through careful          Large commercial and infrastructure projects have
customer acquisition and a focus on building base          also been affected by the weather, which in turn
volumes while allowing capacity for higher margin          has impacted on our Specialist business, which
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023    23




does a lot of work in the energy and commercial                          a high performing business which delivers robust
construction sectors. Projects have been delayed,                        margins.
with activity pushed out into FY24. Likewise, the
                                                                         Tight control of costs and disciplined working capital
launch of MOVE’s new trans-Tasman shipping
                                                                         management supported free cash flow of $35.4m,
route was also delayed due to weather events, as
                                                                         which reflects the acquisition of the new trans-
well as the difficulty in getting parts for repairs and
                                                                         Tasman vessel. Under Project Blueprint, we have
maintenance over the Christmas/New Year period
                                                                         commenced a programme to rightsize our Freight
prior to the service being launched.
                                                                         business for current trading, while preserving the
                                                                         ability to quickly scale for growth, with cost benefits
FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                        expected from FY24.
This year’s results reflect the operating conditions                     Net capital expenditure increased in FY23 with the
noted above as well as the ongoing work to                               acquisition of the new vessel ($8.5m) and continued
strengthen our business, build resilience for the                        investment in technology. The year on year increase
ongoing economic cycle and prepare for growth.                           reflects a catch-up on lower spending in prior
The business transformation, which started in FY22,                      years and a prudent approach to balance sheet
has seen good progress being made in some areas,                         management during the pandemic.
however, there is still work to be done ahead of
improving results. The company has now embarked                          Net debt reduced by 25% to $15.6m as a result of
on Project Blueprint to drive organic growth                             the conversion of the convertible note in June 2023
and improvements in operational and financial                            and from cashflows. MOVE has a solid balance
performance over the next 12 to 18 months.                               sheet which will support the company through the
                                                                         economic cycle.
Excluding Freight, MOVE’s businesses all delivered
year on year revenue increases, with EBITDA
reflecting inflationary pressure on costs, investment                    BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
into digital tools and piloting of new initiatives,                      FREIGHT
including MOVE’s new Oceans trans-Tasman                                 Revenue $146.0m ▼19%
shipping service. Pleasingly, Contract Logistics,                        EBITDA $9.3m ▼50%
MOVE’s largest division, delivered a solid year on year                  EBITDA Margin 6.3%
performance, helping to offset a disappointing result
                                                                         MOVE is one of the largest domestic freight providers
from the Freight division.
                                                                         in New Zealand, offering both general freight and
FY23 income was down 4.5% year on year to $347.7m.                       specialised services. This is MOVE’s heritage business
Normalised EBITDA3 was $47.4m including a $3.4m                          and has been built up over 150 years, through both
impact from investment in growth initiatives. MOVE                       organic growth and acquisitions.
reported a Net Loss After Tax of $(7.2)m.
                                                                         The Freight improvement programme is driving
Freight was the biggest contributor to the softer                        change across the business, however, there is more
result, with a decrease in revenue driven in part by                     work to be done. It took some time to get traction
the rate realignment, as well as the unexpected                          following the rate realignment in FY22 and customer
loss of a customer contract of $11m in annualised                        demand has also been impacted by wet weather
revenue, from December 2022. A key focus has been                        and economic headwinds. Over the last six months,
on rebuilding activity.                                                  the focus has been on stabilising the team and
                                                                         focusing on higher margin business.
Following a review, the Specialist business was
reintegrated into the Group and FY22 results have                        MOVE is seen as a very credible alternative to
been restated to include Specialist. It had a strong                     other large providers in the market, and our team
year in FY23 following Covid impacts in FY22 and is                      culture and focus on building relationships with




3
 Normalised EBITDA excludes non-trading adjustments of $1.7m pre-tax related to restructuring and resetting the business
as part of the strategic plan. Further details included in appendix to the FY23 Results presentation
 24




our customers appeals to businesses looking for a
partnership approach. We are moving into FY24 with
                                                          FREIGHT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMME
an expanded sales team as we continue to enhance
our customer value proposition.                           COMPLETED
The division has been restructured into two clear         •   New leadership
offers - LCL (less than a container load) and FTL (full   •   Business review to identify areas of
truck load). LCL provides the most opportunity for            strength and opportunity
our business, with higher margins and increased           •   Restructure into separate LCL and FTL offers
opportunity for value-add services. MOVE also has a
                                                          •   Customer review and realignment of rates
specialised fleet of trucks, tankers and hi-ab trucks
                                                              to market
servicing the apiary, aquaculture, construction, wine
and other sectors.                                        •   Devolve operational and profit
                                                              responsibility to branch level
The LCL branch network is very robust, with capacity
                                                          •   Exited low margin activity
to take on new business with limited extra cost. In
Napier and Tauranga, we have combined Freight             •   Optimise branch network
and Contract Logistics onto one site, providing           •   Establish a robust and reliable Freight
synergies and cost benefits. This is something we will        network
continue to look at in other cities and regions. We
have significant talent within our business and are       ONGOING
building the capability of our branch leaders as we
                                                          •   Ongoing focus on margin improvement
entrust them with responsibility for the financial and
operational performance of their branch. Our priority     •   Significant sales push
is to improve productivity and utilisation in the LCL     •   Strengthen branch leadership
business.                                                 •   Continue to grow Owner Driver team
The digital journey is underway, with the new             •   Continued fleet replacement programme,
Transport Management System (FuseIT) piloted and              with MOVE to leased vehicles
due to be rolled out over the coming year. A $1.1m        •   Optimisation of fleet to improve utilisation
investment cost was included in the FY23 result.
                                                          •   Look for synergies within the branch
This year’s Freight results were disappointing,               network
reflecting the continuation of the improvement
programme, with a weak first half year as the
customer base was reset and stabilised as well as
the impact of weather and economic conditions
in Q1 2023. The unexpected contract loss of $11m in
annualised revenue also impacted on results from
December 2022.
Our priorities in FY24 are focused around our
LCL business - improving fleet utilisation and
productivity, driving sales, the rollout of a fit for
purpose technology platform, improved data
collation and analysis, and robust processes and
operational disciplines.
We expect improving returns from 2H24 as changes
are bedded in and with a renewed focus on our
customer value proposition.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        25




CONTRACT LOGISTICS                                         INTERNATIONAL
Revenue $159.4m ▲3%                                        Revenue $19.8m ▲82%
EBITDA $34.4m ▼2%                                          EBITDA $2.2m ▼42%
EBITDA Margin 21.6%                                        EBITDA Margin 11.1%
Contract Logistics provides solutions for large            While small, MOVE’s International division provides
customers and is built on long term relationships. It      valuable freight forwarding and shipping agency
comprises our warehousing and fuels assets and             services through a number of joint ventures and
works with the other businesses within our group to        partnerships. It is also home to our latest initiative,
provide end to end supply chain solutions.                 MOVE’s new shipping service, which commenced in
                                                           January 2023.
The focus in FY23 was on utilisation of capacity and
getting the most out of the assets which we already        The costs associated with the start-up of the new
own. This has largely been achieved, with strong           trans-Tasman shipping route, as well as lower
warehousing demand and activity despite the                international freight demand has seen across the
economic conditions. While there has been some             industry, resulted in a year on year reduction in
customer churn, this has been more than made up            EBITDA for the division.
for with contract renewals and new customer wins.
                                                           The launch of the new trans-Tasman service was
The business has been stabilised and delivered a
                                                           not without its challenges, with weather delaying the
solid EBITDA result in line with the prior year. A focus
                                                           arrival of the vessel and then difficulties sourcing
on cost control in the high inflation environment is
                                                           parts over the New Year period for maintenance prior
helping to deliver consistent margin performance.
                                                           to the first voyage. A charter vessel was contracted
MOVE’s specialist road tanker division is one of           for January to meet customer obligations prior to the
the largest operators in the New Zealand fuel              Atlas Wind starting her maiden voyage. It has been
delivery market. A highlight for the Fuels business        smooth sailing since then, and we are now onto our
was the renewal of the Z Energy fuel transport and         eighth voyage.
distribution contract. This covers delivery of fuel
                                                           The first six months of this start-up have provided
from Z’s terminals to its nationwide network of retail
                                                           us with the opportunity to refine our offer, including
and truck stops, which includes Caltex branded
                                                           our port schedule and frequency. Our focus on
sites. Investment has been made in new trucks and
                                                           secondary ports provides a unique advantage,
trailers, ensuring a safe and modern fleet. Results
                                                           helping to avoid the congestion at bigger ports. We
were down slightly year on year due to the loss of
                                                           have had positive feedback from customers, with a
a customer contract in 2H22, and higher driver and
                                                           number of new opportunities opening up.
R&M costs.
                                                           The shipping service also provides valuable add-
While there is still positive momentum, a softer year
                                                           on services for the MOVE group, with our trucks,
is expected in FY24 as customer activity slows in
                                                           crossdocks and warehouses used to deliver cargo
response to economic conditions. The continuing
                                                           once it arrives in New Zealand. Our people are
focus is on customer service, utilisation of capacity
                                                           excited and engaged with this new initiative with
and getting the most out of the assets we own.
                                                           useful input being provided from across the group.
                                                           There is potential to build this part of MOVE’s supply
                                                           chain and we are looking to grow our team and
                                                           capability to increase efficiency and make the most
                                                           of the opportunity available to us.
26
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023        27




SPECIALIST                                                ENABLING OUR GROWTH
Revenue $18.7m ▲32%
                                                          Passionate and Talented People
EBITDA $4.3m ▲132%
EBITDA Margin 23.0%                                       MOVE has a team of extraordinary people. Our
                                                          culture revolves around “We MOVE as One” and this
The Specialist business comprises Tranzcarr Heavy         has been increasingly important as we have moved
Haulage and Machinery Movers, both offering               away from silo businesses into an integrated group.
specialised services, with a focus on project work.       The biggest change over the last six months has
MOVE’s breadth, scale and expertise in this area is       been in how we engage with our people. Their own
unsurpassed by any other provider in New Zealand.         insights into their roles and their businesses are key
After a strategic review of the business in FY22, it      to making MOVE a better company, and we are
has now been removed from sale and reintegrated           putting more trust in our people to solve problems
back into the group. The Specialist division is high      and deliver solutions that drive positive outcomes.
performing and delivers strong margins.
                                                          A new general manager has been appointed to
Much of the work undertaken by Tranzcarr Heavy            lead our People & Culture focus. Rachel Hustler has
Haulage is project-based and therefore revenue is         significant industry experience and is a talented
lumpier than our other businesses, and we are more        leader. Her goal is to develop a long term strategy
impacted by changes to project timelines. After           where our people are united, engaged, believe in
being severely impacted by Covid-related delays           our brand and are provided with career pathways
and disruption in FY21/22, projects have been coming      and opportunities for growth. She has hit the ground
back on stream, however, this year we have seen           running and already a number of exciting new
road closures affecting large windfarm projects, as       initiatives are in the planning stages.
well as solar energy and geothermal developments.
This has seen some project timelines extended             Technology and Innovation
further, with activity and the corresponding revenue
                                                          We are making good progress on our journey to
pushed out into 1H24.
                                                          digitally transform our business. The first phase,
Machinery Movers carries large and oversize               to standardise the various IT systems across the
items, and is one of the largest carriers of pre-cast     group, is complete. The focus for 2023/4 is now
concrete panels for the construction industry. After      on optimising the environment which will enable
a very busy period in FY22 and early FY23, activity is    our extended MOVE team to work and collaborate
now slowing, driven by a moderation in apartment          effectively.
buildings under construction in Auckland at this
                                                          A significant investment in new, fit for purpose
time. However, a strong pipeline of work in is in place
                                                          scanners has resulted in a significant improvement
over the next 12 months, especially in the power
                                                          in real time visibility of our customer’s freight,
generation sector, where Specialist is recognised as
                                                          especially Proof of Delivery. This has resulted in more
a market leader, with significant expertise.
                                                          accurate tracking and reporting, timely invoicing,
There are good opportunities to grow market share         and better support and engagement with our
and expand into other sectors. The dismantling of         drivers.
Marsden Point, expansion of the Tiwai alumunium
                                                          We have continued the roll out of the real time
smelter, wind energy and the potential for offshore
                                                          fatigue alert monitoring system across our fleet, as
windfarms all offer opportunities for our business.
                                                          part of our commitment to ensuring safety on New
The FY23 results were a strong rebound from the           Zealand roads.
prior year, and a substantial pipeline of work is in
place for FY24.
 28




Phase 1 of our transport management system                   improvement under Project Blueprint as we reshape
(FuseIT) program is complete, and we are on track to         and strengthen our business and drive growth. We
commence the deployment to the rest of the MOVE              have identified the opportunities in our business and
Freight business in the first half of 2024. Logistics will   are looking forward to unlocking our potential.
follow in mid-2024. FuseIT will allow us to provide
                                                             MOVE is an iconic New Zealand company, which has
a superior customer experience and operating
                                                             been operating for over 150 years. I am privileged to
efficiencies.
                                                             be leading the MOVE team as we focus on excellent
The payroll functionality of our new People & Culture        customer service, providing a rewarding workplace
platform (Ready Workforce) will be rolled out                and delivering improving value for our shareholders.
across the group late this calendar year. From 2024
onwards, we will be leveraging the onboarding and
training functionality of system.

OUTLOOK
We expect the slowing economic conditions to
prevail into FY24, along with the usual slowdown of          Craig Evans
activity prior to an election. While this will inevitably    Chief Executive Officer
lead to a reduction in activity levels across the
freight and logistics sectors, our focus is on
embedding change, building our market share and
improving margins.
Inflationary pressures are expected to continue and
will demand regular interaction with clients as to rate
levels and sustainability. The Freight improvement
remains in progress and the gains from this will be
a key driver of improving financial returns. Our new
trans-Tasman shipping route is also opening up new
opportunities for us and we will be building on these
over the next year. We are pleased to be welcoming
a new National Sales Manager from October 2023.
Ricky Clark has a strong operational and sales
background in the logistics sector and will lead our
sales team as we promote our end to end supply
chain offer and position MOVE as the preferred
supplier for New Zealand and Australian businesses.
The work we have been doing, and continue to do,
to strengthen our business stands us in good stead
in the more challenging economic cycle with a
better understanding of our drivers, more efficient
management of our businesses, and a strong
and engaged workforce. We now have a more
resilient business and are prepared for economic
and market changes. We will continue to drive
                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023          29




Project Blueprint:
Greenshoots.
                                 BETTER, STRONGER BUSINESS
We have identified what needs
                                 •   Creating higher levels of accountability and
to be done across the business       measurability across the business, particularly
                                     at regional branch level
to achieve success and have      •   FuseIT piloted and being refined, with rollout
a clear plan in place. Early         targeted for completion in 1H CY2024
                                 •   Implementing robust processes and
benefits are being seen from         operational disciplines
the work underway.               •   Priority focus on productivity and utilisation
                                 •   Standardisation of rates, operating costs
                                     and processes across the different Freight
                                     businesses


                                 SMART GROWTH & EXPANSION
                                 •   Increasing awareness of MOVE’s end to
                                     end supply chain solution – more customer
                                     enquiries and invitations to tender (up to six
                                     month lag between initial discussions and
                                     contract)
                                 •   Transition to a sales-led organisation, inlcuding
                                     appointment of a new National Sales manager
                                     and investment into an expanded sales team


                                 TAKING CARE OF WHAT MATTERS
                                 •   Established a strong leadership team, with the
                                     right people in the right roles
                                 •   Engaging with our people and taking them on
                                     the journey
                                 •   Attracting and developing our pool of quality
                                     people – new GM P&C, development of
                                     Graduate Programme
                                 •   Sense of excitement across the organisationn
 30




Providing
strength and
expertise
to our
customers.
MOVE’s Specialist group are
the experts in the transport,
delivery and installation of
heavy machinery and oversize
items. Using specialised
equipment and expertise, the
team recently transported and
installed a new 163 tonne Stator
at Tauhara Geothermal Power
Station, northeast of Taupo.

The generator was lifted in two stages, rising 11m
up in the air and then travelling approximately 30
metres to its final position. The 440 tonne Lift n Lock
Hydraulic Gantry Lift system utilised is a specialised
piece of equipment that has also been used on
several other jobs in New Zealand and the South
Pacific. Move Specialist Lifting and Transport are
the only company in New Zealand that operates
this special heavy lift equipment on projects for the
power industry.
ANNUAL REPORT 2023   31
32




Taking care of what
matters.
                                We recognise that the effects of what we do every
We are actively seeking to      day go beyond our company and impact on our
have a positive impact on our   people, our communities and our environment. We
                                are committed to ensuring that, as much as possible,
people, communities and the     these effects are beneficial and sustainable.

environment.                    Our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
                                practices are focused around those areas where
                                we can drive meaningful change. We believe that
                                by focusing on these areas, we will earn our social
                                licence to operate, secure a sustainable future
                                for our company and thereby create long term
                                shareholder value.
                                While we are at the early stages of our ESG journey,
                                we are making good progress. We have completed a
                                materiality assessment to identify those areas which
                                are most important for long term sustainability.
                                Over the past year, we have undertaken further
                                steps to understand our resilience to climate-
                                related impacts and prepare for the mandatory
                                Climate-Related Disclosures (CRD) reporting regime
                                in FY24. This included scenario analysis, identifying
                                and integrating climate related risks into our risk
                                framework, and measuring full Scope 3 emissions.
                                A Board-approved Sustainability Policy is also now
                                in place and available to view on MOVE’s website.
                                From 1 July 2023, MOVE will be implementing a new
                                ESG tool to provide more granular information and
                                reporting across the business.
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       33




MOVE’s sustainability
journey.
5 minutes with MOVE’s sustainability lead, Rebecca Dearden


                                                            How is technology assisting with MOVE’s
                                                            sustainability strategy?
                                                            New digital tools are allowing us to capture detailed
                                                            information on carbon emissions, on a more
                                                            granular level. This provides more insight on how we
                                                            are tracking towards our goals, the impact of carbon
                                                            reduction projects and supports more accurate
                                                            reporting to stakeholders.

                                                            What is the benefit to MOVE’s customers?
                                                            Customers who prioritise sustainability appreciate
                                                            working with a supplier, like MOVE, which shares their
                                                            values. By focusing on sustainable practices such as
                                                            route optimisation, upgrading our fleet to Euro 6 and
                                                            investing in other low emissions options, we can help
                                                            our customers reduce their carbon emissions. This
                                                            alignment with sustainable values can enhance the
                                                            customer’s reputation and in turn, help them attract
                                                            environmentally conscious consumers.
                                                            Sustainable practices also promote greater supply
                                                            chain resilience. By incorporating sustainable
                                                            logistics options like coastal shipping and rail, we
                                                            can minimise disruptions and risks. Sustainability is a
Is there a viable alternative fuel technology for the       long-term commitment and customers benefit from
trucking industry?                                          building strong partnerships with companies that
All the major truck manufacturers are investing             share their values. By collaborating on sustainable
heavily in R&D to create viable low emissions options       initiatives, we can foster a mutually beneficial
for our industry, including EV, hydrogen and hybrid         relationship built on trust, shared goals and a
technologies. While this may suit smaller metro             common vision for a sustainable future.
vehicles, at this stage there are no commercially
                                                            We acknowledge the urgent need to address
proven alternatives for larger, long distance trucks.
                                                            climate change and are mindful that, by nature, the
We are awaiting the delivery of two hydrogen fuel
                                                            transport industry is a high carbon emitter. While
cell trucks which will allow us to trial this technology
                                                            alternative fuels are still many years from being
for long haul routes. In the meantime, we are
                                                            commercially accessible for the transport industry,
replacing our light vehicle and forklift fleets with
                                                            we are looking at other avenues to reduce our
hybrid and full electric options as vehicles come up
                                                            footprint.
for replacement.
                                                            We have identified a number of opportunities to
How are you creating a culture of sustainability at         help us on our journey, from investing in newer,
MOVE?                                                       lower emitting trucks through to route optimisation
We are taking our people on the journey with us and         to reduce empty kms; collection and recycling of
encourage them to be actively involved in setting           waste to electrifying our forklifts. We are constantly
and achieving our goals. With the assistance of new         evaluating and improving our practices and are
technology, we will be able to provide our teams            proactively integrating climate considerations into
with information on sustainability performance that         our investment decisions.
relates directly to their area of the business. This will
increase the transparency of our actions and foster
a sense of accountability within our teams for the
delivery of our sustainability goals.
    34




OPPORTUNITIES AND INITIATIVES


     Energy and carbon                 Climate resilience                Waste reduction                    Responsible
     efficiency                                                                                             sourcing

     Route optimisation to             Identify risks and                Data collection                    Modern Slavery
     reduce kms travelled              integrate into risk                                                  Statement
                                                                         Identification of
     and empty kms                     framework                         problem materials and              Supplier Code of
     More carbon-efficient             CRD reporting                     suppliers                          Conduct
     supply chain solutions,                                             Waste diversion                    Sustainable
     such as coastal                                                     programme                          procurement guidelines
     shipping and rail
     Fuel efficiency through
     driver training and
     technology
     Transition to a lower
     emitting vehicle fleet,
     including electric
     forklifts. Piloted EV metro
     truck in Auckland
     Reduce energy
     consumption across
     our buildings
     Updating infrastructure
     to incorporate
     increasing electric
     vehicle charging
     Continue to investigate
     alternative fuel options
     (hydrogen and electric)




                     TONNES CO2E                         REDUCTION IN EMISSIONS                             EMISSIONS PER
                      EMISSIONS4                          SINCE FY22 BASE YEAR5                             TEAM MEMBER


               145,871                                              3%                                    127.73


4
    Includes Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions, verified by Toitū Envirocare, an independent third-party assurance provider
5
    Base year reset to FY22 to include Scope 1, 2 and full Scope 3 emissions
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023      35




OUR JOURNEY TOWARDS CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES

MOVE has established an internal CRD implementation team who are responsible for developing and
implementing systems and processes relating to climate related risks and their disclosure under the Act. The team
has utilised external expertise in the first stages of developing a CRD regime. In FY23 MOVE has identified three
climate scenarios, appropriate time horizons based on asset life, undertaken a series of internal workshops to
identify physical and transitional risks and opportunities and has integrated the identified risks into the enterprise
risk management process.



  CDR Reporting Framework                                                                       FY23   FY24    FY25


  GOVERNANCE                   a. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks               ●
                                  and opportunities.
                               b. Describe management’s role in assessing and                    ✓
                                  managing climate-related risks and opportunities.


  STRATEGY                     a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities           ✓
                                  the organisation has identified over the short, medium,
                                  and long term.
                               b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and
                                                                                                                 ●
                                  opportunities on the organisation’s businesses,
                                  strategy, and financial planning.
                               c. Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy,
                                  taking into consideration different climate-related
                                                                                                 ✓
                                  scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.


  RISK MANAGEMENT              a. Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying          ✓
                                  and assessing climate-related risks.
                               b. Describe the organisation’s processes for managing                    ●
                                  climate-related risks.
                               c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and
                                  managing climate-related risks are integrated into                    ●
                                  the organisation’s overall risk management.


  METRICS & TARGETS            a. Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to
                                  assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line
                                                                                                        ●        ●
                                  with its strategy and risk management process.
                               b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope           ✓
                                  3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related
                                  risks.
                               c. Describe the targets used by the organisation to
                                  manage climate-related risks and opportunities and
                                                                                                        ●
                                  performance against targets.




MOVE Logistics Group intends to utilise the “First time adoption relief” provided under NZ Climate Standard 2 for
some climate related disclosures.
36
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023       37




Our community.
“We are focused on the needs of our customers
and communities.”

OUR COMMUNITIES                                          We are also committed to being innovative in
                                                         how we freight our customers’ goods around New
MOVE was founded on regional businesses and
                                                         Zealand. Faster and smaller is not necessarily better.
this connection to local New Zealand communities
                                                         While for some businesses, a Just-In-Time delivery
remains true today. Our people live and work locally
                                                         model makes sense, for many in New Zealand, it’s
and we support their communities through job
                                                         just added cost for expensive high speed deliveries.
opportunities and support for local causes. We
                                                         By utilising alternative modes of transport, such as
provide a positive impact through work opportunities
                                                         shipping and rail which often only take a day or
and are investigating new training programmes,
                                                         two longer, we can deliver larger loads in a timely
particularly for those looking to enter the transport
                                                         manner, while reducing costs to our customers and
industry.
                                                         benefitting the environment.

OUR CUSTOMERS                                            MOVE’S new trans-Tasman shipping service
                                                         commenced in January 2023, providing a lower
The delivery of exceptional customer service is          carbon, reliable transport route that connects our
at the heart of our business. We believe that by         customers through secondary ports in Australia and
actively listening to our customers, understanding       New Zealand.
their unique needs, and consistently exceeding their
expectations, we can create an ecosystem of trust
and loyalty that benefits everyone involved.
We are taking our customers with us on our
sustainability journey, sharing with them our progress
and providing them with relevant metrics for their
own emissions reporting.
As a responsible and sustainable organisation, we
understand the importance of safeguarding our
customers’ data and ensuring the security and
privacy of their sensitive information. Over the last
few years, we have invested in our digital platform
to create a solid and secure foundation to protect
our customers and their data from potential
breaches. Our comprehensive approach involves
regular external assessments, ongoing employee
training and deploying the full Microsoft Defender
Cyber suite. By securing our digital infrastructure,
we demonstrate our dedication to ensuring our
customers’ peace of mind and protecting the
integrity of our business operations.
Our commitment to reliability ensures that our
customers can depend on us to deliver their goods
and services on time, every time, reducing potential
waste and maximising their operational efficiency.
We have taken learnings from the recent extreme
weather events to plan for future network outages.
We are also using technology to improve delivery
times, reduce carbon emissions and drive an overall
increase in customer satisfaction.
 38




Our team.
“We MOVE as one.”

Our greatest asset lies in the people who form the        are carried out before a driver heads out on the
backbone of our organisation. It is their efforts,        road.
talent and passion for our industry that will drive our
                                                          MOVE was recertified for Tertiary level under the ACC
success.
                                                          Accredited Employers Programme in FY23, and the
Our goals are to provide a rewarding work                 Specialist division was also successfully audited and
environment, that celebrates diversity, encourages        recertified under Health and Safety ISO 45001. MOVE’s
inclusion and recognises the contributions of our         monthly safety awards continue to be popular
people. Health and safety remains a priority. Our         across the group, with team members proud to be
aspiration is for all our people to excel and we are      recognised for their contributions towards creating a
putting in place the tools and structure to help them     safer workplace.
realise their potential.
                                                          MOVE’s injury frequency rates provide a lag indicator
The appointment of a new People & Culture                 of performance with LTIFR rates reducing for the third
Leader, Rachel Hustler, from 1 July 2023, reflects        year in a row and a strong improvement in TRIFR.
our commitment to driving positive change and
ensuring our team members’ well being and growth.
The Covid-pandemic restricted the opportunity             LOST TIME INJURY FREQUENCY RATE (LTIFR)
to engage in person, across our network. It was
therefore even more pleasing this year to hold             35
our Inaugural Branch Managers’ conference,
bringing together more than 50 of our executive            30
team, branch managers and future leaders from              25
across the group, to share with them our vision and
aspirations for MOVE.                                      20

We are designing a new induction and onboarding            15
programme, to ensure every new team member has             10
a seamless transition into the MOVE family; and we
also provide mentorship, hands-on experience, and           5
learning opportunities for all our people.                  0
Looking ahead, we envision a sustainable future                     2019    2020    2021    2022    2023
through knowledge transfer and fresh perspectives.
It is our plan to introduce School Leaver and
Graduate Programmes that will attract young               TOTAL RECORDABLE INJURY FREQUENCY RATE (TRIFR)
talented individuals, allowing them to grow and
contribute to our organisation.                            100

Pleasingly, we have seen recruitment and retention          80
metrics improve, as we create a culture where our
people feel supported, empowered and where their            60
efforts are recognised and rewarded.
Staying safe, keeping others safe and supporting            40
each other are fundamental to who we are as an
organisation. Technology plays an important role,           20
with electronic log books and in-cab technology to
                                                                0
monitor fatigue and vehicle activity, and digitised
pre-start truck checks to ensure all essential checks                2019    2020    2021    2022     2023
                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   39




RALLYING TOGETHER FOR TEAM
AND COMMUNITY


Hastings branch manager,
Matt Hiscock, was on the
front line during the February
cyclone. As a volunteer
fireman, he could see the
severity of the situation and
rallied his team as the Hastings
branch was cut off from Napier
by flood waters.
All line haul trucks were diverted and those team
members with access were brought back into
work to help with despatching essential items. As
generators arrived in Hastings, the warehouse team
undertook to get them out as quickly as possible,
often using their own vehicles to make deliveries. The
team mantra was ‘to get the job done’, despite all
being affected personally by the floods in some way.
Matt’s leadership style of firm but fair saw him
shortlisted for MOVE’s Branch of the Year awards in
2023. It’s a style he has developed over his career,
with the last 10 years making his way up the ranks in
the organisation. His passion for MOVE and his drive
to grow both the business and brand has seen the
Hastings branch become one of the fastest growing
in the network, with new customers and additional
capacity being added over the last 12 months.
“MOVE is an organisation that provides opportunities
for those that have the right work ethic. I’m excited
about the forward plan for our organisation and
creating a strong team that’s focused on our
customers.”
 40




MOVE Board.
MOVE’s Board comprises
directors with a wealth of skills,
experience and knowledge
that add value to the business
and for shareholders.

LORRAINE WITTEN
INDEPENDENT CHAIR
Appointed 6 December 2017
Lorraine is an experienced director, executive and
entrepreneur with extensive commercial experience
in high growth and high change environments.
Her skills are in strategy and entrepreneurship, in
the technology and ICT sectors where she has 20
years’ experience in senior leadership and finance
roles. She currently sits on the board of a number
of private and public companies including NZX
listed Mercury and as Chair of Rakon. Lorraine is a
Chartered Fellow of the Institute of Directors and
a Fellow of Chartered Accountants ANZ. Lorraine
has been a director of MOVE since 2017 and was
appointed Chair in September 2021.

CHRIS DUNPHY
DIRECTOR
Appointed 1 July 2021
Chris has a deep knowledge of the transport and
logistics industry and was formerly an executive
director of Mainfreight and general manager of
Mainfreight’s international division. Chris joined
Mainfreight in 1993 and helped take it public in
1996. After ten years of senior management roles in
Mainfreight, spearheading their global growth-by-
acquisition strategy, Chris resigned as executive
director in 2003 to pursue private investments in a
number of freight, shipping and logistics businesses.

MARK NEWMAN                                             GRANT DEVONPORT
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR                                    INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
CHAIR OF GOVERNANCE AND REMUNERATION                    CHAIR RISK ASSURANCE & AUDIT COMMITTEE
COMMITTEE                                               Appointed 23 November 2021
Appointed 27 July 2021                                  Grant was CFO of both Toll NZ (2006- 2008)
Mark has extensive domestic and international           and Toll Holdings Group from late 2011 until his
transport and logistics industry expertise, having      departure in 2015 when the business was sold to
held senior leadership roles with Mainfreight for       Japan Post. He is currently CFO of Australian Pacific
over 20 years, as CEO Mainfreight Europe and            Airports Corporation – owner of both Melbourne
General Manager New Zealand Transport. He has a         and Launceston Airports. As well as being CFO
deep understanding of the New Zealand transport         of both ASX and privately owned businesses,
landscape along with a wealth of experience in          Grant’s responsibilities have included strategy,
building successful teams and developing strong         procurement, technology, risk, safety & environment,
culture. He is a Chartered Member of the Institute of   company secretariat, treasury and investor
Directors (CMinstD).                                    relations.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023           41




                                     Danny Chan, Grant Devonport, Chris Dunphy, Lorraine Witten, Mark Newman, Julia Raue




JULIA RAUE                                                       DANNY CHAN
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR                                             INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Appointed 3 May 2023                                             Appointed 6 December 2017
Julia has a strong background in business                        Danny is an experienced New Zealand director
transformation and digital change and was                        with extensive accounting, finance and investment
Chief Information Officer at Air New Zealand for                 management and education experience. He
nine years, winning a number of global Awards                    holds several directorships with public and private
during that time, including NZ CIO of the year. She              companies. He was a founder of Academic
has significant governance experience across a                   Colleges Group (ACG), one of the largest education
variety of sectors, including current directorships              businesses in New Zealand. Danny has announced
with Southern Cross, The Warehouse Group, Jade                   his intention to retire from the MOVE Board at the
Software and Global Women. Previously Julia                      2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting later this year.
has been a director of Z Energy and TVNZ. She is
a Chartered Member of the Institute of Directors
(CMinstD).
 42




MOVE Leadership team.




CRAIG EVANS                                              LEE BANKS
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER                                  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
JOINED MOVE FEBRUARY 2023                                JOINED MOVE IN 2013
Craig has a long and distinguished career in the         Lee has been with MOVE since 2013 and was
logistics sector, including 35 years at Mainfreight,     appointed CFO in January 2019. She is an experienced,
with the last six years as Mainfreight’s New             senior financial executive who has previously held
Zealand country manager. Prior to this, he was           international roles in the USA and Australia, in both
with Freightways for four years. He has extensive        the service and manufacturing sectors. Lee has been
experience and knowledge across the industry and         involved in all areas of MOVE’s financial management,
is passionate about the positive role the sector plays   from acquisitions and mergers through to the reverse
in the New Zealand economy.                              listing and listed company reporting.




ANTHONY BARRETT                                          RACHAEL HUSTLER
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                                  GM PEOPLE AND CULTURE
JOINED MOVE IN APRIL 2022                                JOINED MOVE IN JULY 2023
Anthony is passionate about the role digital             Rachel Hustler has over 25 years of industry
technology can play in enhancing performance             experience, specialising in culture, leadership,
and delivering operational and customer service          talent and transformation. Her goal is to develop
excellence. He has more than 30 years’ experience,       a long-term strategy where MOVE’s people are
working at senior levels with large logistics            collaboratively working together, are provided with
organisations, both internationally and in New           opportunities for growth and development and
Zealand.                                                 where MOVE is seen as an employer of choice.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023       43




JUSTIN MARSHALL                                          JAMES WATTERS
NATIONAL FREIGHT MANAGER                                 COO CONTRACT LOGISTICS
JOINED MOVE IN 2021                                      JOINED MOVE IN NOVEMBER 2021
Justin started his career in the logistics sector for    James has significant experience in the logistics
more than 15 years before moving to manage an            sector, having worked in Australia, the US and New
international film logistics business and car racing     Zealand for global and domestic logistics brands
team. He has an experienced team leader with a           and businesses. He brings executive experience in
diversity of skills and knowledge. He joined MOVE in     sales & marketing, supply chain management and
2021 and moved into his current role in February 2023.   logistics




DALE SLADE                                               WARWICK BELL
GM OCEANS                                                GM SPECIALIST LIFTING AND TRANSPORT
JOINED MOVE MAY 2020                                     JOINED MOVE IN 2018
Dale is focused on achieving results through             Warwick has worked in leadership roles within the
innovative thinking and an indepth understanding         Specialist group of companies (Tranzcarr Heavy
of client requirements and expectations. He joined       Haulage and Machinery Movers) for more than two
MOVE as GM Sales & Marketing and took on the role        decades and joined the MOVE team in 2018 when
of GM Oceans in July 2022 to oversee the launch and      the Specialist group was acquired. He now leads this
management of MOVE’s new shipping service.               division for MOVE, using his in-depth knowledge and
                                                         expertise to deliver for customers on large, oversize,
                                                         and custom jobs. Warwick is a Life Member of the NZ
                                                         Heavy Haulage Association.
44




Financial measures.

                                  NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION
MOVE uses several non-GAAP
                                  MOVE uses several non-GAAP measures when
measures to report on financial   discussing financial performance. These include
performance.                      normalised EBIT, normalised EBITDA and normalised
                                  NPAT. The board and management believe these
                                  measures provide useful underlying information on
An explanation of these is in     MOVE’s business. They are used internally to evaluate
                                  performance, analyse trends and allocate resources.
the following column.             Non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed
                                  as a substitute for measures reported in accordance
                                  with NZ IFRS.

                                  NON-TRADING ADJUSTMENTS
                                  The financial results for FY23 include transactions
                                  considered to be non-trading in nature or size.
                                  Unusual transactions can be as a result of
                                  specific events or major acquisitions, disposals
                                  or divestments that are not expected to occur
                                  frequently. Excluding these transactions from
                                  normalised measures can assist users in forming a
                                  view on the underlying performance of MOVE. Pre-tax
                                  non-trading adjustments totalled $1.7 million in FY23.

                                  EBITDA/EBIT
                                  EBITDA is Earnings/(Loss) before the deduction
                                  of interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
                                  and excludes income and impairment from
                                  associates. EBIT is EBITDA including depreciation and
                                  amortisation. These are both non-GAAP financial
                                  measures.

                                  NORMALISED EBITDA/EBIT
                                  This is EBITDA/EBIT excluding non-trading
                                  adjustments and unusual transactions. Management
                                  believe that normalised measures provide a more
                                  appropriate measure of MOVE’s performance and
                                  more useful information on the normalised earnings
                                  of the company.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      45




RECONCILIATION NON-GAAP TO GAAP


$MILLIONS                                                                          FY23        FY22

Net profit/(loss) before income tax from continuing operations (GAAP measure)     (7.59)       (3.21)

Add back:

Share of loss of associates                                                         .07         .10

Net finance costs                                                                  9.66         11.18

Loss in investment in associates                                                     -          .06

Restructuring costs                                                                 .59         1.63

Share acquisition costs                                                              .11        .14

Goodwill and asset impairment                                                       1.03        1.62

Depreciation & Amortisation                                                        43.48       44.67

EBITDA excluding non-trading items (non-GAAP measure)                              47.35       56.19

Net profit/(loss) after income tax (GAAP measure) attributable to owners           (7.19)      (4.21)

Add back:

Non-controlling interests                                                           1.35        1.10

Other non-trading expenses, net of tax:

Goodwill and asset impairment                                                       1.03        1.62

Restructuring costs                                                                 .43         1.18

Share acquisition costs                                                              .11        .14

Net profit/(loss) after tax excluding non-trading items (non-GAAP measure)        (4.27)       (.17)
46
                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023   47




Consolidated
annual
financial
statements.
      For the year ended
      30 June 2023
 48    DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT




DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023
The Directors of MOVe Logistics Group Limited are pleased to present the financial statements for MOVe Logistics Group
Limited and its subsidiaries (together the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2023 contained on pages 49-84.

Financial statements for each financial year fairly present the financial position of the Group and its financial
performance and cash flows for that period and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently
applied and supported by reasonable judgments and estimates and all relevant financial reporting standards have been
followed.

Proper accounting records have been kept that enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial
position of the Group and facilitate compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

Adequate steps have been taken to safeguard the assets of the Group to prevent and detect fraud and other
irregularities.

The Directors hereby approve and authorise for issue the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2023. They do
not have the power to amend these financial statements after issue.




For and on behalf of the Board




Lorraine Witten - Chair                                           Grant Devonport - Director
29 August 2023                                                    29 August 2023
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023             49




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS &
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                                       30 JUNE 2023               30 JUNE 2022
                                                                        NOTES              $000                      $000*

 Revenue                                                                   7                343,873                     360,121

 Gains on disposal of assets                                                                   1,587                       456

 Lease income                                                                                  1,539                      1,550

 Other income                                                                                   675                       1,888
                                                                                            347,674
 Total Income                                                                                                         364,015


 Transport costs                                                                            (145,311)                 (151,655)

 Employee costs                                                                             (117,040)                (122,696)

 Rental / lease expenses                                                                     (4,602)                    (4,313)

 Other operating expenses                                                                   (33,373)                   (29,160)

 Depreciation of right of use assets                                       8                (29,451)                    (31,113)

 Other depreciation / amortisation expenses                                8                 (14,031)                  (13,554)

 Other non-operating expenses                                              5                  (1,728)                  (3,387)

 Impairment of investment in associates                                                              -                     (61)

 Total Operating Expenses                                                  8              (345,536)                 (355,939)


 Finance costs relating to lease liabilities                                                  (7,418)                  (8,079)

 Other finance costs - interest on borrowing                                                 (2,399)                     (3,111)

 Interest income on short term deposit                                                            161                        10


 Operating loss before income tax                                                            (7,518)                   (3,104)

 Share of (loss) of associates                                                                  (74)                      (103)

 Loss Before Income Tax                                                                     (7,592)                    (3,207)

 Income tax credit                                                         9                   1,755                        103

 LOSS FOR THE YEAR FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS                                               (5,837)                    (3,104)


 (Loss) / Profit attributable to:

 Owners of the company                                                                        (7,190)                  (4,208)

 Non-controlling interests                                                                     1,353                      1,104

                                                                                            (5,837)                    (3,104)


 Other comprehensive income:

 Comprehensive Income for the Period, Net of Tax                                                     -                         -

 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                          (5,837)                    (3,104)


 Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                                                                                            CENTS                     CENTS
 the Company

 Basic and diluted earnings per share for profit attributable to the
                                                                           11               (6.18)                    (3.97)
 ordinary equity holders of the company



The above consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
*Certain amounts and relevant notes have been restated to reflect adjustments relating to previously discontinued operations note 21.
 50       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                   30 JUNE 2023      30 JUNE 2022
                                                                          NOTES        $000              $000
 ASSETS
 Current Assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                 12.1            8,744           14,940
 Inventories                                                                                 219                -
Trade and other receivables                                                12.2           53,318          60,294
Assets held for sale                                                       21                  -           25,263
Total Current Assets                                                                      62,281          100,497
Non-Current Assets
Property, plant and equipment                                              13.1          82,048            57,761
Right of use assets                                                        13.2          144,594           150,381
Intangible assets                                                          13.3           14,843           18,058
Deferred Income tax asset                                                  13.4             1,152             149
Other receivables                                                                            318                -
Investments in associates                                                                      -              271
Total Non-Current Assets                                                                242,955          226,620
TOTAL ASSETS                                                                            305,236           327,117
EQUITY
Share capital                                                              14            84,262            75,188
Other reserves                                                                              (615)              88
Accumulated losses                                                                        (12,271)         (5,081)
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                               71,376           70,195
Non-controlling interest in equity                                                         3,527            2,798
TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             74,903           72,993
LIABILITIES
Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                   12.3          33,852            38,092
Tax payable                                                                                   121              211
Deferred revenue                                                            7                341              521
Borrowings                                                                 12.5            3,708             3,713
Lease liability                                                            13.2           25,793           26,393
Employee entitlements                                                      12.4            11,023          10,476
Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale    21                  -            6,149
Total Current Liabilities                                                                74,838           85,555
Non-Current Liabilities
Borrowings                                                                 12.5           20,615           24,324
Lease liability                                                            13.2          129,603          133,338
Convertible note                                                           12.6                -            7,792
Derivative financial instrument                                            12.6                -             849
Deferred revenue                                                            7             3,000                 -
Provisions for other liabilities and charges                               13.5            2,277            2,266
Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                           155,495          168,569
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                       230,333           254,124


TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES                                                              305,236           327,117




The above consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023                       51




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                   ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE
                                                                             COMPANY




                                                                                      RETAINED EARNINGS/                                      NON-CONTROLLING


                                                                  SHARE CAPITAL                             OTHER RESERVES
                                                                                      (ACCUM. LOSSES)                                                            TOTAL EQUITY
                                                                                                                                              INTEREST
                                                       NOTES                                                                      TOTAL

                                                                $000                  $000                 $000                  $000         $000              $000
 Balance as at 1 July 2021                                      37,054                    (873)                       48         36,229           1,738         37,967
Comprehensive income

(Loss)/Profit for the year                                                        -   (4,208)                                -   (4,208)            1,104        (3,104)
Other comprehensive income                                                        -                    -                     -            -                 -                   -
Total comprehensive income                                                        -   (4,208)                                -   (4,208)           1,104        (3,104)
Cumulative translation adjustment                                                 -                    -                67            67                    -              67
Transactions with owners:

Employee share scheme                                 20                    34                         -           (27)                   7                 -                   7
Issue of Ordinary Shares                                         38,100                                -                     -    38,100                    -    38,100
Dividends                                                                         -                    -                     -            -         (44)             (44)
 Balance as at 30 June 2022                                      75,188               (5,081)                          88        70,195          2,798          72,993


 Balance as at 1 July 2022                                       75,188               (5,081)                          88        70,195          2,798          72,993
Comprehensive income

(Loss)/Profit for the year                                                        -     (7,190)                              -    (7,190)          1,353        (5,837)
Other comprehensive income                                                        -                    -                     -            -                 -                   -
Total comprehensive income                                                        -   (7,190)                                -   (7,190)          1,353         (5,837)
Cumulative translation adjustment                                                 -                    -      (673)                (673)                    -     (673)
Transactions with owners:

Employee share scheme                                 20                          -                    -          (30)              (30)                    -         (30)
Issue of Ordinary Shares                               14         9,074                                -                     -    9,074                     -     9,074
Dividends                                                                         -                    -                     -            -      (624)           (624)
 Balance as at 30 June 2023                                     84,262                (12,271)                (615)              71,376          3,527          74,903




The above consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
 52     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                                                                                       30 JUNE 2023                30 JUNE 2022
                                                                       NOTES               $000                       $000*

 Cash flows from operating activities

 Receipts from customers                                                                    355,038                     349,762

 Interest received                                                                                161                          10

 Dividends received                                                                                3                           4

 Payments to suppliers and employees                                                       (306,617)                   (305,261)

 Government subsidy received                                                                      114                       1,197

 Notional finance charge on NZ IFRS 16 leases                            15.2                (7,418)                      (8,081)

 Interest paid                                                                               (1,950)                      (2,613)

 Income tax paid                                                                              (920)                        (481)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                            15.1                 38,411                     34,537



 Cash flows used in investing activities

 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                   (19,132)                    (5,090)

 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                           3,031                        4,731

 Purchase of intangible assets                                                                   (7)                        (214)

 Government grant                                                                              3,000                            -

 Advances to associates                                                                          198                         200

 Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (12,910)                       (373)



 Cash flows from financing activities

 Repayment of borrowings                                                 15.2                (3,755)                   (123,869)

 Proceeds from borrowings                                                15.2                      -                      81,642

 Proceeds from share issue                                               14                        -                      38,100

 Repayment of lease liability (NZ IFRS 16)                               15.2               (27,318)                    (28,266)

 Dividends paid to shareholders / non-controlling interests                                   (624)                         (45)

 Net cash flow used in financing activities                                                (31,697)                    (32,438)



 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   (6,196)                        1,726

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                               14,940                       13,214

 Cash and cash equivalents 30 June                                                            8,744                       14,940




The above consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
*Certain amounts and relevant notes have been restated to reflect adjustments relating to previously discontinued operations note 21.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023         53




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1. Reporting Entity
The core operations of MOVe Logistics Group Limited (“MOVe Logistics” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively
“the Group”) are in the New Zealand logistics sector. These include general transport, bulk liquids, heavy haulage,
shipping, warehousing and distribution, freight forwarding, national and international household removals and storage.

The Company is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand, registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is a FMC
Reporting Entity under part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. The Company is dual listed with its primary listing
of ordinary shares quoted in New Zealand on the NZX Main Board, and a secondary listing in Australia as a foreign Exempt
Entity on the Australian securities exchange (ASX).

The registered office of the Company is at 330 Devon Street East, New Plymouth, New Zealand. The consolidated financial
statements of the Company as at, and for the year ended 30 June 2023, comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (refer
note 16.1), together referred to as the “Group”.


1.2. Basis of Preparation
These financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with NZ IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires Management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
policies. The areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are
disclosed in note 4.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013
and the Companies Act 1993.

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are selected and applied in a
manner which ensures that the resulting financial information satisfies the concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby
ensuring that the substance of the underlying transaction and other events is reported. These policies have been
consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated. To ensure consistency with the current period,
comparable figures have been restated where appropriate.


1.3. Statement of Compliance
The Group is a for-profit entity. Its financial statements have been prepared in accordance with, and comply with, New
Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (NZ GAAP). They comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International
Financial Reporting Standards and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards and Authoritive Notices, as appropriate
for for-profit entities. The financial statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1. Consolidation
a. Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to,
or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity, and has the ability to affect those returns through its
power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred
to the Group. They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

The Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations. The consideration
transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the
equity interest issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting
from a contingent consideration arrangement and the elimination of any balances arising between the Group and the
acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gain or loss arising from
remeasurement is recognised in profit or loss.
 54     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. On an acquisition
by acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquisition either at fair value or at the non-
controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net assets.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, and the
acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the Group’s share of the
identifiable net assets acquired, is recorded as goodwill.

Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
subsequently re-measured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated.
Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset.
Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted
by the Group.

Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated Statement of
Profit or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income, Statement of Changes in Equity and Balance Sheet respectively.

b. Associates
Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally accompanying
a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the
equity method of accounting after initially being recognised at cost. The Group’s investment in associates includes
goodwill identified on acquisition, net of an accumulated impairment loss. The Group’s share of its associates post-
acquisition profits or losses is recognised under ‘Share of (loss) / profit of associates’ in the Statement of Profit or Loss &
Other Comprehensive Income, and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in reserves. The
cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted against the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s
share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other unsecured receivables,
the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
associate.

Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
interest in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed where necessary to ensure
consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

c. Assets held for sale
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair
value less costs to sell. Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount is
expected to be recovered through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as
met only when the sale is highly probable and the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
condition and the sale of the asset (or disposal group) is expected to be completed within one year from the date of
classification. Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale and subsequent gain or loss on remeasurement
is recognised in profit or loss. Once classified as held for sale, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment are no
longer amortised or depreciated.



2.2. Foreign Currency Translation
a. Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’). The financial statements are presented
in New Zealand dollars (rounded to thousands), which is the functional and the presentation currency of all companies
in the Group except MOVe Oceans Singapore PTE Limited and TNL Australia Pty Limited, whose functional currencies are
United States dollars and Australian Dollars respectively.

b. Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the
dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are
recognised in profit or loss.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023            55




2.3. New Accounting Standards & Interpretations
The accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with prior year.
There are no new accounting standards or interpretations during the year that have impacted on the preparation of the
financial statements.


2.4. Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted
There are no new standards or amendments to standards and interpretations that are effective for periods beginning on
or after 1 July 2023 that will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.



3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise bank loans and overdrafts, cash, trade creditors and accruals and
trade debtors. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise and provide working capital for the Group’s
operations.

This note explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks affect the Group’s future financial
performance.

 Risk                                    Exposure arising from                                  Measurement

                                         Cash and cash equivalents and trade
 Credit risk                                                                                    Aging analysis & credit ratings
                                         receivables.

 Market risk - interest rate             Long term borrowing at variable rates                  Sensitivity analysis

 Liquidity risk                          Borrowings and other liabilities                       Rolling cash flow forecast


The Group’s risk management is carried out by a central treasury department (Group Treasury) under policies approved
by the Board of Directors. Group Treasury identifies, evaluates and manages financial risks in close co-operation with the
Group’s operating units. The Board provides written principles for overall risk management, as well as policies covering
specific areas, such as foreign exchange risk, funding risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and use of derivative financial
instruments and non-derivative financial instruments.


3.1. Credit Risk Management
In the normal course of business the Group incurs credit risk from trade debtors and transactions with financial
institutions. The Group has a credit policy that it uses to manage this risk. As part of this policy limits on exposures with
counter-parties have been set and approved by the Board of Directors and are monitored on a regular basis.

The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. The Group does not require any collateral or security to support
financial instruments due to the quality of the financial institutions and trade debtors dealt with. The Group normally gives
30 or 60 days credit on its trade receivables. At 30 June the Group’s credit risk exposure is equal to the carrying value of
its financial assets.

                                                                                      2023                        2022
                                                                                      $000                        $000

 Trade and other receivables

 Trade receivables                                                                    50,374                      56,831

 Credit loss provision                                                                (1,965)                     (1,402)

 Total trade receivables                                                              48,409                     55,429

 Accrued revenue                                                                        2,934                      3,530

 Sundry receivables                                                                       176                          317

 Cash and short term bank deposits

 Bank with AA- credit rating                                                            8,744                     14,940
    56     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




a. Impaired trade receivables
Individual receivables which are known to be uncollectible are written off by reducing the carrying amount directly. The
other receivables are assessed collectively to determine whether there is objective evidence that an impairment has
been incurred but not yet been identified. For these receivables the estimated impairment losses are recognised in
a separate provision for impairment. The Group considers that there is evidence of impairment if any of the following
indicators are present:
•              significant financial difficulties of the debtor
•              probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation, and
•              default or delinquency in payments.

Receivables for which an impairment provision was recognised are written off against the provision when there is no
expectation of recovering additional cash.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss within other expenses. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
written off are credited against other expenses.

Movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables that are assessed for impairment collectively are as
follows:

                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                         $000                    $000

    At 1 July                                                                                1,402                1,152

    Provision for impairment recognised during the year                                      629                  308

    Provision for credit notes to revenue                                                    (57)                 265

    Transfer to Asset held for Sale                                                            20                 (20)

    Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                                 (29)                (303)

    At 30 June                                                                           1,965                   1,402



The table below sets out information about the credit quality of trade receivables net of the expected credit loss provision:


                                               Current            1 -29 days   30 - 59 days          60+ days       Total
                                                                   overdue       overdue             overdue

                                                $000                $000          $000                $000          $000

    30 June 2022

    Gross carrying amount                        48,635              5,426           1,726              1,044        56,831

    Baseline                                         105                128            170                734              1,137

    Specific                                           -                   -           120                145              265

    Total expected credit loss rate                 0.2%               2.4%          16.8%              84.2%

    Credit loss provision                           105                 128           290                879              1,402



    30 June 2023

    Gross carrying amount                       44,644                3,323         1,066                1,341       50,374

    Baseline                                        435                 68             154               984               1,641

    Specific                                          28                   4           46                246               324

    Total expected credit loss rate                 1.0%               2.2%          18.8%              91.7%

    Credit loss provision                           463                  72           200               1,230             1,965
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023           57




Critical Estimates and Judgements
a. Credit loss provision
To measure expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped and reviewed on the basis of the number of
days past due. The credit loss provision has been calculated by considering the impact of the following characteristics:
 •    The baseline loss rate takes into account the average write-off history of the Group over a two-year period as a
      predictor of future conditions and applies an increasing expected credit loss estimate by trade receivables aging
      profile.
 •    Specific credit loss provisions are made based on any specific customer collection issues that are identified.
      Collections and payments from our customers are continuously monitored and a credit loss provision is maintained
      to cover any specific customer credit losses anticipated.

The Group has performed an assessment of credit risk on its customer base taking into consideration the factors below:
 •   profile of the customer, i.e. corporate or individual customers
 •   region the customer is based in
 •   industry the customer operates within
 •   size and nature of the customer
 •   and, the Group’s understanding of and experience with the customer

As a result of this assessment, the Group has assessed its baseline provision to $1,965,000 (2022: $1,402,000), to reflect the
estimated financial impact of its assessment of the credit risk.


3.2. Interest Rate Risk
The Group’s main interest rate risk arises from long term borrowing with variable rates which exposes the Group to cash
flow interest rate risk. The Group adopts a policy of ensuring that some of its exposure to changes in interest rates on
borrowings is on a fixed rate basis by entering into interest rate swaps.

The table below summarises the Group’s current interest rate swaps:


         Date effective                   Face value                    Maturity date              Base Interest rate paid

          29 July 2019                    20,000,000                    29 April 2024                     1.625% pa


The Group does not hedge account so all market adjustments are recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss & Other
Comprehensive Income.

Sensitivity analysis
The effect of a 1% increase or decrease in the floating interest rates for the Group would be a decrease/increase in profit
and equity of $43,000 (2022: $80,000).


3.3. Liquidity Risk
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an
adequate amount of committed credit facilities. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group
maintains flexibility in funding through having flexible funding lines available to them. Management monitors rolling
forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve, which comprises its undrawn borrowing facility and cash and cash equivalents
(note 12.1) on the basis of expected cash flows.

The Group had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2023                      2022
                                                                                     $000                      $000

 Expiring within one year (bank overdraft)                                           4,567                      5,000

 Expiring beyond one year (flexible credit facility)                                 15,000                    15,000

 Total                                                                              19,567                    20,000
 58       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal
their carrying balances or the impact of discounting is not significant.


                                                                                                                  Carrying
                                                                                                   Total
                                Less than 1       Between 1 and Between 2 and   Beyond 5                           amount
                                                                                                contractual
                                   year              2 years       5 years       years                            (assets)/
                                                                                                 cash flows
                                                                                                                  liabilities

                                   $000               $000         $000          $000              $000             $000

 2022

 Borrowings                               6,417          6,163        19,061                -        31,641              28,037

 Convertible note                          410            410           752                 -         1,572                7,792

 Lease liabilities                   32,685             28,104        57,125       80,058           197,972              159,731

 Trade and other payables            38,092                  -            -                 -       38,092               38,092

 Employee entitlements               10,476                  -            -                 -        10,476               10,476

 Total                              88,080             34,677        76,938       80,058           279,753            244,128



 2023

 Borrowings                           5,263             20,871            -                 -        26,134              24,323

 Lease liabilities                   32,658            26,478         61,750       68,596           189,482              155,396

 Trade and other payables            33,852                  -            -                 -       33,852               33,852

 Employee entitlements                11,023                 -            -                 -        11,023               11,023

 Total                              82,796             47,349        61,750       68,596           260,491           224,594

The Group provides guarantees, these are detailed in note 17.


3.4. Capital Management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, so that they
can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal structure
to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders,
return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio and bank covenant compliance. The Group’s gearing ratio at
30 June is as follows:


                                                                                  2023                         2022
                                                                                  $000                         $000

 Bank borrowings                                                                  24,323                       28,037

 Convertible note                                                                       -                       7,792

 Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                 (8,744)                      (14,940)

 Net debt (excluding lease liabilities)                                           15,579                      20,889

 Equity                                                                          74,959                        72,993

 Gearing ratio                                                                     17.2%                       22.3%
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        59




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. Other
critical accounting estimates will be disclosed in the relevant notes.

a. Estimated impairment of goodwill
The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. The recoverable amounts of cash-generating
units have been determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates. Refer to
note 13.3 for further details.



5. RECONCILIATION TO GAAP MEASURE

The Group results are prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (“GAAP”) and
comply with both International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the New Zealand equivalents to International
Financial Reporting Standards (“NZ IFRS”).

These financial statements include non-GAAP financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with IFRS. The
non-GAAP financial measures used in this presentation are as follows:

 •   Adjusted EBITDA (a non-GAAP measure) represents profit or loss before income taxes from continuing operations
     (a GAAP measure), excluding interest income, interest expense, depreciation and amortisation, share of loss of
     associates, restructuring costs, impairment of investment in associates, asset impairment and acquisition related
     costs (non operating expenses) as reported in the financial statements.

 •   Adjusted EBIT (a non-GAAP measure) represents profit or loss before income taxes from continuing operations
     (a GAAP measure), excluding interest income, interest expense, share of loss of associates, restructuring costs,
     impairment of investment in associates, asset impairment and acquisition related costs (non operating expenses)
     as reported in the financial statements.

The Group believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to readers to assist in the understanding
of the financial performance and position of the Group as they are used internally to evaluate the performance of
business units and to establish operational goals. They should not be viewed in isolation, nor considered as a subsitute for
measures reported in accordance with IFRS. Non-GAAP measures as reported by the Group may not be comparable to
similarly titled amounts reported by other companies.

The following is a reconciliation between these non-GAAP measures and net profit after tax:

 Reconciliation to GAAP measure                                                12 months to             12 months to
                                                                                June 2023                June 2022
                                                                                   $000                     $000

 Loss Before Income Tax (GAAP Measure)                                            (7,592)                   (3,207)
 Add back:
 Share of loss of associates                                                           74                       103
 Finance costs                                                                      9,656                     11,180
 Impairment of investment in associates                                                 -                        61
 Other non operating expenses
  - Goodwill impairment                                                              1,027                     555
  - Asset impairment                                                                    -                     1,064
  - Restructuring Costs                                                               592                     1,630
  - Acquisition related costs                                                         109                       138
 Depreciation & amortisation                                                       43,482                   44,667
 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measure)                                                47,348                     56,191
 60    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




 Reconciliation to GAAP measure                                                12 months to              12 months to
                                                                                June 2023                 June 2022
                                                                                   $000                      $000

 Loss Before Income Tax (GAAP Measure)                                             (7,592)                   (3,207)

 Add back:

 Share of loss of associates                                                             74                      103

 Finance costs (net)                                                                   9,656                   11,180

 Impairment of investment in associates                                                    -                      61

 Other non operating expenses

  - Goodwill impairment                                                                1,027                    555

  - Asset impairment                                                                       -                   1,064

  - Restructuring Costs                                                                 592                    1,630

  - Acquisition related costs                                                            109                     138

 Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP measure)                                                      3,866                  11,524




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting to the Chief Operating Decision
Maker (CODM). The CODM is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.

During the reportable period there was a change in the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) assessed now as the
Group CEO.

The Group has made the decision that the eleven operating segments that form part of the reporting to the Group CEO
can be aggregated into five reporting segments. Reportable segments have been determined by having regard to the
nature of the services, the processes the various business units undertake to service customers, the allocation of capital,
the type of customers serviced, and the nature of the distribution channels.

In addition to GAAP measures, the Group CEO also uses non-GAAP measures (EBITDA and EBIT) to assess the commercial
performance of the segments. The revised reportable operating segments have been determined as:

INTERNATIONAL
This segment includes international freight forwarding and shipping agency services across a broad range of industries.

SPECIALIST
This segment provides transport and lifting solutions for oversized and large items.

FREIGHT
This segment provides nationwide general freight transport services with regional strength. It is able to transport a wide
range of freight types.

CONTRACT LOGISTICS
This segment specialises in contracted solutions providing services for customers including warehouse and supply chain
capability and delivery of bulk liquids.

CORPORATE
This segment includes our corporate services function.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         61




The segment information for the year ended 30 June is as follows:

                                  International     Specialist      Freighting      Contract       Corporate      Total
                                                                                    Logistics

                                      $000            $000            $000            $000           $000         $000

 Year ended 30 June 2022

 Total segment revenue                  10,878          14,339         195,354         158,759              -      379,330

 Inter-segment revenue                     (16)            (111)        (14,489)        (4,593)             -     (19,209)

 Revenue from external
                                       10,862          14,228          180,865         154,166              -      360,121
 customers

 EBITDA                                 3,852            1,861           18,502         34,981       (3,005)            56,191

 Depreciation - tangible assets            138           1,639            5,072          3,908           291            11,048

 Depreciation - ROU assets                 217             811           10,574          19,351           161           31,114

 Depreciation - intangible
                                             1              62                6          1,850          586             2,505
 assets

 EBIT                                   3,496            (651)           2,850           9,872       (4,043)            11,524

 Assets                                20,460          25,263          130,567          141,331       9,496         327,117

 Liabilities                           13,704           6,149           95,880         102,795       35,596        254,124

 Capital expenditure
                                         1,036               91           1,432          2,881          267             5,707
 including intangibles



 Year ended 30 June 2023

 Total segment revenue                 19,894          18,760          154,446         163,192              -     356,292

 Inter-segment revenue                   (133)            (28)          (8,449)        (3,809)              -       (12,419)

 Revenue from external
                                        19,761         18,732          145,997        159,383               -     343,873
 customers

 EBITDA                                 2,220           4,324            9,306         34,403         (2,905)       47,348

 Depreciation - tangible assets           973           2,244             4,541         3,620            245            11,623

 Depreciation - ROU assets                247            878            10,746          17,422           158            29,451

 Depreciation - intangible
                                             3             87                4           1,745           569            2,408
 assets

 EBIT                                     997             1,115         (5,985)          11,616       (3,877)           3,866

 Assets                               35,347           21,388           111,193       134,675          2,633       305,236

 Liabilities                           16,901          4,834           84,939          97,919         25,740       230,333

 Capital expenditure
                                       12,589            747             2,344          3,608            202        19,490
 including intangibles


Interest income and expense are not allocated to segments, as this type of activity is driven by the central treasury
function, which manages the cash position of the Group.

Sales between segments are eliminated on consolidation. The amounts provided to the CODM with respect to segment
revenue are measured in a manner consistent with that of the financial statements.

Revenues of approximately $53,000,000 (2022: $47,100,000) are derived from a single external customer which exceeds
10% or more of the entity’s revenue. These revenues are attributed to the Contract Logistics segment.
 62    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7. REVENUE & OTHER SOURCES OF INCOME

Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of services in the ordinary course
of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown net of GST, rebates and after eliminating sales within the Group.

a. Sale of services
Freight Services
The Group performs transportation services. Revenue is recognised over the time of delivery, being from the time of
acceptance of the goods to delivery to the final destination.

Warehousing Services
The logistics function provides warehousing and storage services. Revenue from providing these services is recognised in
the accounting period in which the services are rendered. Some contracts include multiple deliverables. However, these
are easily identifiable and are accounted for as separate performance obligations.

Trading Services
The Group performs freight forwarding, trans tasman shipping and agency services. Revenue is recognised over the time
of delivery, being from the time of acceptance of the job to completion of the shipment. Revenue is recognised for agency
and freight forwarding on a net basis after disbursements as the Group are acting as an agent for the customer.

For fixed priced contracts, revenue is recognised based on the actual service provided to the end of the reporting period
as a proportion of the total services to be provided. This is because the customer receives and uses the benefits of the
service simultaneously.

Customers are invoiced on a daily, weekly or monthly basis and consideration is payable when invoiced. There are no
significant financing arrangements for any of the Group’s revenue streams. The Group does not offer any refunds or
warranties.

The Group derives the following types of revenue:


                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                  $000                      $000

 Freight                                                                          269,884                   296,302

 Warehousing                                                                        53,365                    51,207

 Trading                                                                            20,624                    12,612

 Total Revenue                                                                    343,873                    360,121


                                                                                June 2023                June 2022
 Timing of revenue recognition                                                    $000                     $000

 Over time                                                                         343,873                   360,121

 At a point in time                                                                      -                         -

 Total Revenue                                                                    343,873                    360,121


b. Interest income
Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.

c. Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

d. Lease income
Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised as rental income on a straight-line basis
over the lease term.

e. Financing component
The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised service to the
customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. As a consequence, the Group does not adjust any of the
transaction prices for the time value of money.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023               63




f. Contract liability
The Group recognises a contract liability (deferred revenue) when the Group has recognised consideration for
performance obligations yet to be fulfilled. The opening balance has been recognised in revenue in the current year.
In the current year, there was $341,000 (2022: $504,000) of revenue recognised relating to contract liabilities at the prior
year end. The average timing of satisfaction of performance obligation in relation to the payment of the contract liability
is between 1 and 5 days. Management expects that 100% of the revenue (transaction price) allocated to unsatisfied
performance obligations as of 30 June 2023 will be recognised as revenue during the next reporting period ($521,000).

g. Government grants
Grants from the Government are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
received, and the Group will comply with the attached conditions.

COVID-19 wage subsidy grants of $114,000 (2022: $447,000) and a grant from Waka Kotahi to support a co-funded coastal
shipping initiative $0 (2022: $750,000) are both included in the ‘other income’ line item. There are no unfulfilled conditions
or other contingencies attached to these grants.

During the year the Group received $3,000,000 (remaining grant to be received of $6.25m) from Waka Kotahi to support
the co-funded coastal shipping initiative. The funding is included as deferred revenue as this relates to funding for a ship
of which the build is yet to be completed. Once completed, the grant will be recognised in profit or loss over the period
necessary to match them with the conditions they are intended to compensate (over the life of the asset).


8. OPERATING EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                                                  $000                      $000
    Transport costs 1                                                                                             145,311                  151,655
    Employee costs (note 8.1)                                                                                    117,040                  122,696
    Property lease expenses                                                                                         595                        618
    Operating lease expenses                                                                                      4,007                     3,695
    Trading and warehousing expenses                                                                              9,898                     6,273
    Communications                                                                                                6,205                     5,407
    Occupancy costs                                                                                                7,398                     7,381
    Travel and accommodation                                                                                      3,568                      2,916
    Bad debts                                                                                                       369                       425
    Foreign exchange gain                                                                                         (363)                      (231)
    Remuneration paid to principal auditors (PwC)
    Assurance services
      Audit and review of financial statements, including associated disbursements                                  352                        310
    Non-assurance services
      Other advisory services related to:
        -ASX Compliance Listing                                                                                         -                       41
    Donations                                                                                                          6                        23
    Directors fees                                                                                                  448                        471
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                43,482                    44,667

    Impairment of investment in associates                                                                              -                       61
    Non operating expenses (refer note 5)                                                                          1,728                    3,387
    Share based payments                                                                                               15                        6
    Other expenses                                                                                                 5,477                     6,138
    Total operating expenses                                                                                   345,536                   355,939

1
    Includes costs relating to transportation including road user charges (RUC), fuel, tyres, repairs and maintenance, owner driver and subcontractor costs.
 64      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.1. Employee Costs

a. Superannuation benefits
The Group operates a defined contribution superannuation scheme. The scheme is funded through employee and Group
contributions to a trustee-administered fund. The Group has no further payment obligations once contributions have
been paid. Contributions are recognised as an employee benefits expense when they are due.

MOVe Freight Limited has a historic defined contribution company superannuation scheme that has been operating for a
number of years. The Company has contribution rates from 4% - 6%.

Members contribute a minimum of 4% of their salary/wage and can go as high as 15%. The Company contributions are
vested to the member at the rate of 20% per year of service with the Company i.e. 100% after five years of service.

b. Other employee benefits
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave are expected to be
settled within 12 months. They are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

c. Long service leave
The liabilities for long service leave and annual leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the
end of the period in which the employees render the related service. They are therefore measured at the present value
of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the end of the reporting
period. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods
of service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the end of the reporting period of high-quality
corporate bonds with terms and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows. Re-
measurement as a result of experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in profit or
loss.

d. Profit-sharing and bonus plans
The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing based on a formula that takes into
consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises a
provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                 $000                     $000

 Wages, salaries & leave costs                                                  99,636                   107,722

 Superannuation fund contributions                                                2,615                     2,831

 Other employee related costs                                                    14,789                    12,143

 Total                                                                          117,040                  122,696
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        65




9. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

The tax expense for the year comprised current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss component of the
Statement of Profit or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive
income or equity respectively.
The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.


                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                 $000                     $000

 Current tax on loss for the year                                                 (676)                    (968)

 Adjustments in respect to prior years                                              261                        10

 Deferred tax                                                                      2,170                    1,061

                                                                                  1,755                      103



The prima facie income tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit from operations reconciles to the income tax expense
in the financial statements as follows:


                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                 $000                     $000

 Loss from operations before tax                                                 (7,592)                  (3,207)

 Add back:

 Impairment of investment in associates                                                 -                      61

 Share of loss of associates                                                          74                      103

                                                                                 (7,518)                 (3,043)



 Prima facie tax receivable/(payable) at 28%                                       2,105                     852

 Tax effects of:

 Expenses not deductible                                                           (651)                    (540)

 Effect of tax rates in foreign juristrictions                                        40                       37

 Tax losses utilised in prior year                                                      -                   (256)

 Prior year adjustment                                                               261                       10

 Income tax credit                                                                 1,755                      103



Imputation credits

                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                 $000                     $000

 Imputation credits available for use in subsequent periods                       3,884                     3,194
     66     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10. DIVIDENDS PAID AND PROPOSED

Dividends to the company shareholders are recognised in the Group’s financial statements in the period in which the
dividends are declared. Intercompany dividends are eliminated on consolidation.

No dividends have been declared by the company or recognised in the current year (2022: nil).



11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is computed based
on the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is computed based on
the weighted average number of ordinary shares plus the effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares outstanding during
the period. At balance date, the effects of the potential ordinary shares were antidilutive. The potential ordinary shares
include the share options.


                                                                              12 months to              12 months to
                                                                              30 June 2023              30 June 2022

                                                                                  $000                       $000

 Loss attributable to the owners for the year                                       (7,190)                   (4,208)

 Weighted average number of shares                                               116,370,142             106,048,755

                                                                                  Cents                      Cents

 Basic & diluted earnings per share                                                (6.18)                    (3.97)




12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

The Group classifies its financial assets at amortised cost. The classification depends on the purpose for which the
financial assets are held. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.

Financial assets are included in current assets, except for those with maturities greater than 12 months after the
reporting date which are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s financial assets comprise ‘Trade and other
receivables’, ‘Cash and cash equivalents’ and ‘Advances to associates’ in the Balance Sheet. Financial assets that are
stated at amortised cost are reviewed individually at balance date to determine whether there is objective evidence
of impairment. Any impairment losses are recognised in the consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and other
comprehensive income.

This note provides information about the Group’s financial instruments, including:
•        An overview of all financial instruments held by the Group
•        Specific information about each type of financial instrument
•        Information about determining the fair value of the instruments, including judgements and estimations of 		
         uncertainty involved.

The Group holds the following financial instruments:


                                                                                            AMORTISED COST

                                                                                  2023                       2022
 Financial Assets                                               Notes
                                                                                  $000                       $000

 Cash and cash equivalents                                       12.1              8,744                     14,940

 Trade and other receivables1                                    12.2              51,519                    59,276

 Total                                                                           60,263                      74,216
 1
     excluding non financial assets
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023          67




                                                                                FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                       2023                      2022
    Financial Liabilities                                          Notes
                                                                                       $000                      $000
    Trade Payables1                                                  12.3             32,778                     36,592
    Employee entitlements                                            12.4              11,023                     10,476
    Borrowings                                                       12.5             24,323                     28,037
    Convertible note                                                 12.5                   -                      8,641
    Total                                                                             68,124                     83,746
1
    excluding non-financial liabilities

The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in note 3. The maximum
exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets
mentioned above, other than for trade and other receivables where the maximum credit risk is the balance before
impairment, being $53,318,000 (2022: $60,678,000).


12.1. Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held on call with banks, other short-term highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within
borrowings in current liabilities on the Balance Sheet.

Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purpose of the cash flow statement:


                                                                                       2023                       2022
                                                                                       $000                       $000
    Cash                                                                                9,177                    14,940
    Bank overdrafts (undrawn, refer note 3.3)                                          (433)                           -
    Total                                                                              8,744                     14,940



12.2. Trade and Other Receivables
Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method less provision for expected credit loss.

The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with trade receivables carried at
amortised cost. The Group applies the simplified approach permitted by NZ IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses
to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. Impairment of trade receivables is recognised in profit or loss.

Significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation,
and default or delinquency in payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable has been impaired. The
amount of the provision is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of the estimated
future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate.


                                                                                       2023                       2022
                                                                                       $000                       $000
    Trade receivables                                                                 50,374                     56,829
    Trade receivables with related parties                                                  -                          2
    Less expected credit loss (refer note 3.1(a))                                     (1,965)                    (1,402)
    Net trade receivables                                                             48,409                    55,429
    Accrued revenue                                                                    2,934                      3,530
    Sundry receivables                                                                    176                        317
    Financial assets at amortised cost                                                 51,519                    59,276
    Prepayments                                                                         1,799                      1,018
    Total trade and other receivables                                                 53,318                    60,294

Trade receivables are generally due for settlement within 30 to 90 days.
 68      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12.3. Trade and Other Payables
Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.


                                                                                     2023                       2022
                                                                                     $000                       $000

 Trade payables                                                                      16,732                     17,583

 Trade payables related parties                                                           -                        74

 GST payable                                                                           1,074                     1,500

 Lease incentive                                                                         86                         12

 Accrued expenses                                                                    15,960                     18,923

 Total                                                                              33,852                     38,092

Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 to 60 days of recognition.


12.4. Employee Entitlements

                                                                                     2023                       2022
                                                                                     $000                       $000

 Leave provision                                                                      7,393                      7,731

 Salary and wage accruals                                                             3,630                     2,745

 Total                                                                               11,023                    10,476



12.5. Borrowings
Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently stated at
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group
has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date.

Borrowing costs are expensed as incurred, unless they relate to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying
asset in which case the borrowing costs are capitalised.

The ANZ Bank Limited (ANZ) facilities include a $15m flexible credit facility (undrawn at 30 June 2023), an overdraft facility
of $5m, a term loan of $24.3m and bank guarantee’s totalling $11.6m (refer note 17).


                                                                                     2023                       2022
                                                                                     $000                       $000

 Non-Current

 Secured loan ANZ                                                                    20,615                    24,324

                                                                                     20,615                    24,324

 Current

 Secured loan ANZ                                                                     3,708                     3,708

 Secured loan Mainland Capital                                                            -                         5

                                                                                      3,708                      3,713

 Total secured borrowings                                                           24,323                     28,037
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023          69




The Group is required to comply with a number of financial covenants. These are as follows:
 •    Leverage Ratio of <2.5x
 •    Fixed Charge Cover Ratio of >1.25x
 •    Net capital expenditure not exceeding 110% of budgeted capital expenditure
 •    Guarantor coverage Assets of >85%
 •    Guarantor coverage EBITDA of >90%

The Group has fully complied with the ANZ facility covenants to 30 June 2023.

Post year end the Group forecast potential covenant breaches due to the FY23 performance of Freight and the economic
headwinds being faced at the start of the 2024 financial year. Accordingly, the Group sought and obtained credit
approval from ANZ to amend the quarterly covenants as below:
 •    EBITDA actual > 85% of EBITDA budget on a YTD basis
 •    Net capital expenditure not exceeding 110% of budgeted capital expenditure (annual test)
 •    Guarantor coverage Assets of >85%
 •    Guarantor coverage EBITDA of >90%

The Group has also agreed with ANZ that the undrawn $15m flexible credit facility be reduced to $7.5m and that the
overdraft facility be adjusted from $5.0m to $2.5m as part of the credit approval process.

The revised agreements are subject to final review by the respective legal teams.

The Group is forecasting compliance with the credit approved financial covenants for at least 12 months from the date
of signing the financial statements. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern
basis.


12.6. Convertible Note
Convertible notes are comprised of two elements: a debt note liability component and an embedded derivative
component. At the inception, the fair value of the host liability portion of the convertible notes is determined as being the
difference between the proceeds and the fair value of any identifiable derivative contained within the note. This amount
is recorded as a liability on an amortised cost basis until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the notes.

The fair value of the embedded derivative component is calculated through a valuation model using a variety
of assumptions, with the residual value assigned to the debt host components. The estimates and associated
assumptions are based on various factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results for
which form the basis of making the judgements. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and
underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. No gain or loss on fair value changes is recognised on
inception. Valuation of the embedded derivative is calculated at each year end, with any gain or loss recognised in the
consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive income.

The debt liability component is subsequently carried at amortised cost. Each note has a principal amount of $50k with a
maturity date of 30 April 2026. Interest of 5% per annum is paid quarterly on the convertible notes.

Embedded derivatives

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at each reporting
date.

An embedded derivative is a component of a hybrid contract that also includes a non-derivative host (e.g. convertible
notes). Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that are financial liabilities are treated as separate derivatives when
they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related to the host contract and the
host contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The conversion option of the convertible note represents an embedded derivative which is separated from the debt host
contract on initial recognition and measured through the profit and loss. The debt component is held at amortised cost
and on initial recognition is offset by the fair value of the conversion element, this is incorporated in the effective interest
which is recognised over the term to optimal conversion date.

On 30 June 2023 in line with the option to convert, all note holders converted the total of $8.2m notes into shares. All notes
were converted to shares at a variable rate based on a 10% discount to the market price totaling 11,228,890 shares (refer
note 14).
 70     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




The movement in the carrying value of the convertible notes liability is as follows:

                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                       $000                   $000

 As at 1 July                                                                          7,792                  7,395

 Amortisation of embedded derivative liability at date of issue                         408                     397

 Issue of shares on conversion                                                     (8,200)                        -

 As at 30 June                                                                            -                   7,792



The movement in the carrying value of the convertible note derivative liability is as follows:

                                                                                       2023                   2022
                                                                                       $000                   $000

 As at 1 July                                                                           849                     834

 Fair value movement                                                                   (874)                      15

 Conversion                                                                              25                       -

 As at 30 June                                                                            -                     849




13. NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

This note provides information about the Group’s non-financial assets and liabilities, including specific information
about each type of non-financial asset and non-financial liability:
 •    Property, plant and equipment (note 13.1)
 •    ROU assets and lease liabilities (note 13.2)
 •    Intangible assets (note 13.3)
 •    Deferred tax balances (note 13.4)
 •    Provisions for other liabilities and charges (note 13.5)

Impairment of non-financial assets
Goodwill, indefinite-life intangible assets and intangible assets that are not yet ready for use are tested annually for
impairment. Assets that are subject to depreciation and amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount
is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to dispose and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating
units). Non-financial assets, other than goodwill, that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
impairment at each reporting date.


13.1. Property, Plant and Equipment
All property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that
is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of
the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and
maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023          71




Depreciation on assets is calculated using the diminishing value (DV) or straight-line (SL) method.

                                                                                            Depreciation
                                                                   Years                                                 Method
                                                                                                rate

 Plant and equipment - leasehold improvements                          1 - 16                2.5% - 50%                  SL/DV

 Motor vehicles - trucks                                           0.5 - 14                      -                         SL

 Motor vehicles - trailers                                         0.5 - 18                      -                         SL

 Plant and equipment                                                   1 - 30                7.5% - 67%                  SL/DV

 Motor vehicles - other                                                1 - 25                13% - 30%                   SL/DV

 Office equipment                                                  1.5 - 14                   8% - 67%                   SL/DV

 Furniture and fittings                                            0.5 - 14                   4% - 67%                   SL/DV

 Leased assets                                                         1 - 14                    -                         SL

 Land and buildings                                                                           0% - 30%                    DV

 Ship                                                                    5                       -                         SL

The assets’ useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting date.

An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are recognised
within ‘Gains on disposal of assets’ in the Statement of Profit or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income.


                               Land and       Motor         Office   Plant and                Ship           Work in        Total
                               buildings     vehicles     equipment equipment                               progress
                                                           and F&F

                                 $000          $000         $000                 $000         $000            $000          $000

 At 1 July 2021

 Cost                               580       155,944         5,491              25,788              -          320         188,123

 Accumulated
                                  (277)      (82,619)       (3,958)             (13,484)             -               -    (100,338)
 depreciation

 Net book amount                    303        73,325         1,533              12,304              -          320         87,785

 Year ended 30 June 2022

 Additions                              -        1,215         242                 1,588             -         2,474             5,519

 Disposals                          (18)      (4,034)          (40)               (223)              -               -      (4,315)

 Transfers                              -         303          (24)                 213              -         (492)                -

 Depreciation charge                 (6)      (8,377)        (488)               (2,177)             -               -      (11,048)

 Impairment                             -             -            -                    -            -         (932)            (932)

 Transfers to assets
                                        -    (16,308)          (13)             (2,868)              -          (59)       (19,248)
 classified as held for sale

 Closing net book amount            279        46,124         1,210               8,837              -          1,311           57,761
 72      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                Land and       Motor         Office   Plant and            Ship        Work in        Total
                                buildings     vehicles     equipment equipment                        progress
                                                            and F&F

                                  $000          $000          $000          $000          $000          $000          $000

 At 1 July 2022

 Cost                                556        134,679         5,561       26,977                -       1,370       169,143

 Accumulated
                                    (277)      (72,247)       (4,338)      (15,272)               -            -     (92,134)
 depreciation

 Transfers to assets
                                         -     (16,308)          (13)       (2,868)               -        (59)      (19,248)
 classified as held for sale

 Net book amount                     279        46,124          1,210        8,837                -        1,311       57,761

 Year ended 30 June 2023

 Transfers from assets
                                         -       16,308             13       2,868                -         59         19,248
 classified as held for sale

 Additions                               -        1,564          385          1,706        8,543          7,285        19,483

 Disposals                            (1)       (2,013)            (4)         (111)              -        (15)       (2,144)

 Transfers                               -        1,807            72        2,246                -     (4,125)               -

 Depreciation charge                  (5)       (8,337)        (376)        (2,083)        (822)               -      (11,623)

 Foreign currency
                                         -             -             -            5        (682)               -        (677)
 adjustment

 Closing net book amount             273        55,453          1,300       13,468         7,039          4,515       82,048

 At 30 June 2023

 Cost                                547       124,205         5,490         29,401         7,877         4,515       172,035

 Accumulated
                                   (274)      (68,752)        (4,190)      (15,933)        (838)               -    (89,987)
 depreciation

 Closing net book amount             273       55,453           1,300       13,468         7,039          4,515       82,048



13.2. Right Of Use (ROU) Assets and Lease Liabilities
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net
present value of the following lease payments:
 •      fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable and
 •      variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined,
the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an
expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise IT
equipment and small items of office furniture.

Right of use assets are measured at the amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any lease
incentives received or restoration costs estimated. There were no onerous lease contracts that would have required an
adjustment to the right of use assets at the date of initial application. These assets are subsequently depreciated using
the straight-line method.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         73




Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s
incremental borrowing rate. The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to the lease liabilities is
4.66% (2022: 4.49%).

The Group uses a build up approach that starts with a risk free interest rate adjusted to reflect changes in credit risk for
leases held by the Group and then makes specific adjustments for lease terms.

During the year, the Group applied the following practical expedients:
 •      the accounting for operating leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as short-term leases
 •      the use of historical experience in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or
        terminate the lease
 •      recognising rental concessions obtained as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic as a reduction to rental
        expenses in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income


The recognised right of use assets relate to the following types of assets:



                                                                                     2023                      2022
 Right of use assets                                                                 $000                      $000

 Opening net book value 1 July                                                       150,381                   164,826

 Transfers from assets classified as held for sale                                     2,733                          -

 Additions                                                                             14,118                    6,468

 Disposals                                                                            (7,170)                  (4,523)

 Modifications to leases                                                              13,983                     17,457

 Transfers to assets classified as held for sale                                            -                  (2,733)

 Depreciation for the period

 - Property                                                                          (19,207)                 (20,842)

 - Motor vehicles                                                                    (9,659)                   (9,643)

 - Other                                                                               (585)                     (629)

 Closing net book value 30 June                                                     144,594                    150,381

 Cost                                                                               253,839                    238,007

 Accumulated depreciation                                                          (109,245)                  (84,893)

 Transfers to assets classified as held for sale                                            -                  (2,733)

 Net book value at 30 June                                                          144,594                    150,381

 Property                                                                             112,841                   121,820

 Motor vehicles                                                                       30,238                    26,460

 Other                                                                                  1,515                     2,101

 Total right of use assets                                                          144,594                    150,381
 74     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Lease liabilities                                                                                     $000

Opening lease liabilities at 1 July 2022                                                               159,731

Additions                                                                                                14,118

Interest for the period                                                                                  7,418

Lease payments made                                                                                   (34,736)

Disposals                                                                                              (6,400)

Modifications                                                                                           12,504

Transfers from liabilities classified as held for sale                                                   2,761

Lease liabilities at 30 June 2023                                                                     155,396



                                                         Minimum lease
                                                            payment          Interest             Present value
Lease liabilities maturity analysis                           $000             $000                   $000

Within one year                                               32,658            6,865                  25,793

One to five years                                             88,228            18,356                 69,872

Beyond five years                                            68,596             8,865                   59,731

Total                                                        189,482          34,086                  155,396



Current lease liabilities                                     32,658            6,865                  25,793

Non-current lease liabilities                                156,824            27,221                 129,603

Total                                                        189,482          34,086                  155,396



                                                                              2023                     2022

Lease liabilities                                                             $000                    $000

At 30 June

Current lease liabilities                                                      25,793                  26,393

Non-current lease liabilities                                                 129,603                  133,338

Total                                                                         155,396                  159,731


Lease related expenses included in the Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss & Other Comprehensive Income:


                                                                              2023                    2022
                                                                              $000                    $000

For the year ended 30 June

Depreciation                                                                         29,451                       31,113

Short term lease                                                                        4,602                     4,313

Interest on leases                                                                       7,418                  8,079

Total                                                                                41,471                    43,505
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023          75




13.3. Intangible Assets
a. Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree, and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the
Group’s share of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in ‘Intangible
assets’ in the Balance Sheet. Goodwill on acquisitions of associates is included in ‘Investments in associates’ in the
balance sheet and is tested for impairment as part of the overall balance. Separately recognised goodwill is tested
annually for impairment and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Impairment losses on goodwill are not
reversed. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those
cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination on
which the goodwill arose.

b. Computer software and Software-as-a-service (SaaS) arrangements
Acquired computer software is capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific
software. These costs are amortised, using the diminishing value method at a rate of 48% and recognised in the profit or
loss. Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognised as an expense when incurred.

SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Company with the right to access the cloud provider’s
application software over the contract period. Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain
access to the cloud provider’s application software, are recognised as operating expenses when the services are
received.

Some of these costs incurred are for the development of software code that enhances or modifies, or creates additional
capability to, existing on-premise systems and meets the definition of and recognition criteria for an intangible asset.
These costs are recognised as intangible software assets and amortised over the useful life of the software on a straight-
line basis. The useful lives of these assets are reviewed at least at the end of each financial year, and any change
accounted for prospectively as a change in accounting estimate.

c. Customer contracts and lists
Acquired customer contracts and lists are recognised at their fair value at the date of acquisition and are subsequently
amortised on a straight-line basis over the appropriate contract term. Amortisation expense is recognised in the profit or
loss.


                                                             Computer          Work in        Customer
                                             Goodwill                                                            Total
                                                             software         progress          lists

                                               $000             $000            $000             $000            $000

 At 1 July 2021

 Cost                                              15,217          4,902               138         10,505           30,762

 Accum. amortisation and impairment                     -        (2,848)                 -         (6,741)         (9,589)

 Net book amount                                  15,217           2,054               138          3,764           21,173

 Year ended 30 June 2022

 Additions                                              -              180             34               -                214

 Disposals                                              -            (13)                -              -              (13)

 Transfer to held for sale                              -               -                -          (255)            (255)

 Transfers                                              -              138          (138)               -                 -

 Amortisation charge                                    -          (854)                 -         (1,652)         (2,506)

Impairment                                        (555)                 -                -              -           (555)

Closing net book amount                          14,662            1,505               34           1,857          18,058
 76      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                            Computer          Work in         Customer
                                             Goodwill                                                          Total
                                                            software         progress           lists

                                              $000             $000            $000            $000            $000

 At 1 July 2022

 Cost                                           15,217          5,198              34           10,505         30,954

 Transfer to held for sale                           -                -               -         (255)           (255)

 Accum. amortisation and impairment            (555)          (3,693)                 -        (8,393)        (12,641)

 Net book amount                              14,662            1,505              34            1,857         18,058

 Year ended 30 June 2023

 Transfer from held for sale                         -                -               -           255               255

 Additions                                           -                7               -               -                7

 Disposals                                           -           (42)                 -               -             (42)

 Transfers                                           -             34            (34)                 -                -

 Amortisation charge                                 -          (764)                 -        (1,644)        (2,408)

 Impairment                                    (1,027)                -               -               -        (1,027)

 Closing net book amount                       13,635            740                -             468          14,843

 At 30 June 2023

 Cost                                          13,635           5,060                 -          1,681         20,376

 Accum. amortisation and impairment                  -        (4,320)                 -         (1,213)       (5,533)

 Closing net book amount                       13,635            740                -             468          14,843


The Group has classified its goodwill into the following cash-generating units (CGUs):

                                                                                  2023                     2022
                                                                                  $000                     $000

 MOVe Freight Limited                                                                     -                 1,027

 Alpha Customs Limited                                                                776                    776

 MOVe Logistics & Warehousing Limited                                             12,492                   12,492

 TNL International Limited                                                            170                     170

 TNL International Australia Pty Limited                                              197                     197

 Total                                                                            13,635                  14,662


The Group tests goodwill for impairment using the higher of value in use calculations with cash flow projections based
on a five-year period and the fair value less costs to sell. Management has prepared an upside, downside and base
scenario for each CGU. Each of these include the Board approved cash flow projections with cashflows beyond this
extrapolated using the assumptions as noted below. The final value in use calculations for each CGU apply an assessed
probability weighting to the three scenarios.

As part of the impairment assessment , MOVE Freight Limited goodwill of $1,027,000 has been fully impaired as a result of
an overall decrease in sales and a loss of a key customer contract ($11m in sales per annum). The impairment charge is
recognised in the non operating expenses in the statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income. No other
class of assets have been impaired. Management has concluded that there are no other impairments for any other of
the CGUs at 30 June 2023. The MOVe Logistics & Warehousing Limited CGU has a significant goodwill balance at 30 June
2023.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023          77




The key assumptions for the value in use calculations of MOVe Logistics & Warehousing Limited CGU is summarised
below:


                                 Discount        Discount       Terminal        Revenue         Revenue         Revenue
                                   rate        rate pre-tax    growth rate     growth rate     growth rate     growth rate
                                 post-tax                                        year 1*         year 2*       year 3 - 5*

 30 June 2022

 MOVe Logistics &
                                   10.3%           13.8%            1.2%           2.9%             1.9%        0.0% - 1.0%
 Warehousing Limited

 30 June 2023

 MOVe Logistics &
                                   10.7%           14.8%            1.2%           4.5%            0.0%            0.0%
 Warehousing Limited
*Probability weighted


The discount rate represents the current market assessment of the risks specific to the CGU considering the time value of
money and individual risk of the underlying assets. The discount rate is calculated based on the specific circumstances
of the CGU and its operations and is derived from its weighted average cost of capital (WACC). The Group engaged an
independent third party to assess the post-tax weighted average cost of capital for each of the CGUs. These post-tax
discount rates were applied to post-tax cash flows.

The long-term growth rate is based on growth projections, market conditions and opportunities for growth within the
industry.

The net right of use assets and lease liabilities have been included in the carrying amount of net operating assets that
have been tested for impairment for each of the CGUs.

Future revenue projections are based on assumed growth in sales revenue for both new and existing customers in the
warehousing divison. Management have confidence in the strategy to achieve this given the opportunities both internally
and the demand within the market.

Based on the probability weighted value in use calculations, the recoverable amounts of the CGU exceed their carrying
value at 30 June 2023 by the following amounts:
 •     MOVe Logistics & Warehousing Limited CGU: $30.4m

In respect of the MOVe Logistics & Warehousing Limited CGU any reasonable possible change in the key assumptions
used in the calculations would not cause the carrying value to exceed their recoverable amounts. Management has
concluded that the goodwill balances at 30 June 2023 are not impaired (either using the probability weighted case or
any of the individual scenarios), although they will continue to monitor the position closely for any evidence that the
goodwill has become impaired.


13.4. Deferred Income Tax
Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred income
tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax
is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the balance sheet date and
are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the
same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle
the balances on a net basis.
 78     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Temporary differences arise from the following:


                                    Opening        Recognised       Prior year    Transfer of     Deferred tax     Closing
      Deferred tax asset/
                                    balance         in profit or   adjustment    liabilities to   on disposal      balance
          (liabilities)
                                                        loss                     held for sale       group
                                         $000           $000          $000           $000            $000           $000

 2022
 Property, plant and                     (8,112)          904                -        1,686             134         (5,388)
 equipment
 Right of use assets / lease              1,876           733                -          (8)               17             2,618
 liability
 Provisions and accruals                 3,298           (320)               -         (92)              33              2,919
 Carry forward losses                      256           (256)               -              -               -                  -
 Total deferred income tax           (2,682)             1,061               -        1,586             184                  149


 2023
 Property, plant and                 (5,388)              859            367        (1,686)                 -       (5,848)
 equipment
 Right of use assets / lease              2,618           749                -            8                 -           3,375
 liability
 Provisions and accruals                  2,919             21            52             92                 -           3,084
 Tax losses                                   -            541               -              -               -                541
 Total deferred income tax                 149           2,170           419        (1,586)                 -            1,152



13.5. Provisions for Other Liabilities and Charges
Provisions for make good obligations are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a
result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount
can be reliably estimated.

Provisions are measured at the present value of Management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
present obligations at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                          Make good lease
                                                                                                             provision
                                                                                                                 $000
 At 1 July 2021                                                                                                   2,455
 Additional provisions                                                                                                  61
 Utilised / released to profit or loss                                                                            (230)
 Transfers to liabilities classified as held for sale                                                              (20)
 At 30 June 2022                                                                                                  2,266


 At 1 July 2022                                                                                                   2,266
 Additional provisions                                                                                                   7
 Utilised / released to profit or loss                                                                              (16)
 Reverse transfer from liabilities classified as held for sale                                                          20
 At 30 June 2023                                                                                                   2,277

a. Information about individual provisions estimates
Make good lease provision
The Group is required to restore the leased premises of its depot and warehouses to their original condition at the end of
the respective lease terms. A provision has been recognised for the estimated expenditure required.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023         79




14. SHARE CAPITAL
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in
equity as a deduction, net of tax from the proceeds.


                                                                   30 June 2023                         30 June 2022

                                                             Shares            $000                Shares             $000

 Issued & paid-up capital - ordinary shares

 Balance at the beginning of the period                      116,385,129          75,188          87,684,882           37,054

 Shares issued - Convertible note (refer note 12.6)           11,228,890          9,074               45,877                34

 Shares issued - AREO                                                 -                  -        28,654,370            38,100

 Balance at the end of the period                           127,614,019         84,262            116,385,129           75,188




15. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
15.1. Cash Generated From Operations

                                                                                    2023                         2022
                                                                                    $000                         $000

 Reported loss after tax                                                           (5,837)                       (3,104)

 Non-cash items

 Gain on lease modification                                                           (711)                       (188)

 Depreciation expense                                                               41,074                        42,161

 Amortisation expense                                                               2,408                         2,506

 Bad debts                                                                            369                           210

 Amortisation of bank fees                                                              42                           101

 Non cash movements on convertible note                                               433                           410

 Impairment of investment in associates                                                    3                          61

 Foreign exchange losses on operating activities                                    (363)                          (231)

 Non trading expenses                                                                1,027                         1,620

 Share based payments                                                                 (30)                            6

 Cumulative translation adjustment                                                         3                         67

                                                                                   38,418                        43,619

 Impact of changes in working capital

 Tax receivable / deferred tax                                                     (2,675)                        (585)

 Trade and other receivables                                                        9,068                       (13,658)

 Creditors and accruals/employee entitlements                                      (5,122)                         6,133

 Creditors relating to purchase of PPE                                              (352)                         (403)

 Inventories                                                                          (116)                       (285)

                                                                                   39,221                        34,821

 Items classified as investing or financing activities

 Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  (880)                         (387)

 Loss for associates                                                                         70                       103

 Net cash flow from operating activities                                              38,411                      34,537
 80    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15.2. Net Debt Reconciliation
This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods presented.

                                                                                        2023                     2022
                                                                                        $000                     $000

 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                8,744                    14,940

 Lease liability - repayable within one year                                            (25,793)                 (26,393)

 Borrowings - repayable within one year (including overdraft)                            (3,708)                   (3,713)

 Lease liability - repayable after one year                                            (129,603)                (133,338)

 Borrowings - repayable after one year                                                  (20,615)                 (24,324)

 Convertible note - repayable after one year                                                   -                  (7,792)

 Net debt                                                                             (170,975)                 (180,620)



 Cash and liquid investments                                                              8,744                    14,940

 Liability - incremental borrowing rate                                                (155,396)                 (159,731)

 Borrowings - fixed interest rates                                                     (20,000)                  (27,797)

 Borrowings - variable interest rates                                                    (4,323)                  (8,032)

 Net debt                                                                             (170,975)                 (180,620)



                                              Liabilities from financing activities

                             Convertible         Borrowings          Leases           Subtotal     Cash/bank          Total
                                note                                                                overdraft


                                $000                $000              $000              $000         $000             $000

 Net debt as at 1 July
                                 (7,395)            (70,163)          (171,528)       (249,086)       13,214       (235,872)
 2021

 Cash flows                             -             42,226           35,342           77,568         1,726          79,294

 Lease additions                        -                  -           (6,834)          (6,834)             -        (6,834)

 Other non-cash
                                     (397)             (100)            (16,711)       (17,208)             -        (17,208)
 movements

 Net debt as at 30 June
                                 (7,792)            (28,037)          (159,731)       (195,560)       14,940       (180,620)
 2022

 Cash flows                             -              3,755           34,736            38,491      (6,196)          32,295

 Lease additions                         -                 -           (14,118)         (14,118)            -         (14,118)

 Other non-cash
                                     7,792               (41)         (16,283)          (8,532)             -         (8,532)
 movement

 Net debt as at 30 June
                                         -          (24,323)         (155,396)         (179,719)      8,744         (170,975)
 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023            81




16. INTEREST IN OTHER ENTITIES

16.1. Subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of the following subsidiaries in
accordance with the accounting policy described in note 2.1.

All subsidiaries results up to 30 June 2023 have been incorporated in the consolidated financial statements.


         Subsidiary               Shareholding        Shareholding        Balance        Country of                Principal activity
                                  30 June 2023        30 June 2022         date         Incoporation

 MOVe Freight Limited                  100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Transport operator


 MOVe Fuel Limited                     100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Transport operator


 Alpha Custom Services                                                                                     International freight
                                       60%                 60%            30 June      New Zealand
 Limited                                                                                                   forwarder

 Pacific Asset Leasing
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Asset leasing
 Limited

 MOVe International                                                                                        Shipping agent and
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand
 Limited                                                                                                   logistics

 MOVe Logistics &                                                                                          Warehousing and
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand
 Warehousing Limited                                                                                       distribution

 Southern Fleet Leasing
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Asset leasing
 Limited

                                                                                                           International freight
 TNL International Limited             50%                 50%            30 June      New Zealand
                                                                                                           forwarder


 Appian Transport Limited              100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Non trading


 Global Logistics Group
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Non trading
 Limited

 MOVe Specialist Lifting
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Heavy Haulage
 and Transport Limited

 MOVe Investments
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Corporate services
 Limited

 MOVE Liquid Logistics
                                       100%                100%           30 June      New Zealand         Non trading
 Limited

 MOVE Oceans Singapore
                                       100%                100%           30 June      Singapore           Trans Tasman Shipping
 PTE Limited

 TNL International                                                                                         International freight
                                       40%                 40%            30 June      Australia
 (Australia) Pty Limited                                                                                   forwarder

MOVE (McAuley’s) Limited and MOVE (NZL) Limited were amalgamated into MOVE Frieght Limited from 1 November 2022.



16.2. Interests in Associates
In October 2022, the asset of Emerald Truck Services were sold and then the company was wound up. The Groups 50%
interest recorded a loss on wind up of $3,000.
    82      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17. CONTINGENCIES

Bank Guarantee
The Group provides (via ANZ Bank) the below guarantees

                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                   $000          $000

    Bank guarantees - property                                                                      7,039        5,140

    Bank guarantees - fuel purchases         1
                                                                                                   4,500         4,500

    Bank guarantees - other                                                                            75           75

    Total                                                                                          11,614        9,715
1
    At 1 July 2023 this has been cancelled leaving $7,114,000 remaining bank guarantees.




18. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

Capital expenditure contracted for at the reporting date but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                   $000          $000

    Trucks and trailers                                                                             6,077         1,841

    Other assets                                                                                       16           18

    Ship new build   1
                                                                                                   6,000             -

    Total                                                                                         12,093         1,859
1
    Associated with this commitment is a co-funded grant receivable from Waka Kotahi of $6.25m (refer note 7).




19. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

19.1. Transactions with Key Management

a. Key management compensation

Key management includes Directors, the CEO and his direct reports:


                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                   $000          $000

    Salaries, short term and post employee benefits                                                2,953         4,392

    Directors fees                                                                                   448           471



19.2. Transactions with Other Related Parties
The following transactions occurred with related parties:

                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                                   $000          $000

    Sales and purchases of goods and services

    Sales of services to associates                                                                     3         296

    Purchases of services from associates                                                             130         942

    Purchases from entities controlled by key management employees                                      -          165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023            83




                                                                                     2023                      2022
                                                                                     $000                      $000

 Outstanding balances arising from sales and purchases of services

 Trade receivables from associates                                                      -                         2

 Trade payables to associates                                                           -                        22

 Trade payables to entities controlled by key management                                -                        52
 employees




20. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

The group had a long term incentive plan for selected employees which has since been withdrawn by the Directors
as per the discretion allowed for under the plan rules. No options were granted during the year ended 30 June 2023.
There are some existing share options under the plan where the vesting of these is dependant on certain performance
standards being met which expire 30 June 2023.

Share-based payment reserve
The reserve is used to record the accumulated value of the plan which has been recognised in the Statement of Profit
or Loss & Other Comprehensive Income. The long-term incentive plan was an equity settled-share-based payment
which provided eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire shares in the Group. The fair value of shares granted is
recognised as an employee benefit expense with a corresponding increase in equity. The fair value is measured at grant
date and recognised over the vesting period. The fair value of the plan has been assessed by an independent valuer.

Amounts accumulated in the employee share scheme reserve are transferred to share capital on redemption of
the redeemable shares or to retained earnings where they are forfeited. At the end of each reporting period the
Group revises its estimate of the number of redeemable shares that are expected to vest based on the non-market
vesting conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the income statement, with a
corresponding adjustment to the employee share scheme reserve.

Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:


                                                                              Average exercise
                                                                                                        Number of options
                                                                            price per share option

 As at 30 June 2021                                                                   $0.90                   881,786

 Granted during the year                                                                                              -

 Exercised during the year                                                                                   (45,877)

 Forfeited during the year                                                                                   (661,273)

 As at 30 June 2022                                                                   $0.70                   174,636

 Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2022                                                     -                         -



 As at June 2022

 Granted during the year                                                                                              -

 Exercised during the year                                                                                            -

 Cash settlements                                                                                             (85,811)

 Forfeited during the year                                                                                   (88,825)

 As at 30 June 2023                                                                                                   -

 Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2023                                                     -                         -
 84    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




As at 30 June 2023 for the share options granted 1 July 2020 the total shareholder return was 22.1% which met the
performance hurdle. Based on a straight line basis 62% of the options were exercisable. In agreement with the eligible
participants these were settled in cash. The remaining share options were forfeited.

There are no share options outstanding at 30 June 2023.

During the year the Group CEO was issued RSU’s which have subsequently been surrendered. These were surrendered by
him to ensure that his incentives aligned with the incentives of the wider MOVE team.

Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised during the period as part of the employee
expenses were as follows:

                                                                                  June                      June
                                                                                  2023                      2022

                                                                                  $000                      $000

 Share based employee expenses                                                      15                        6

                                                                                    15                        6




21. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS AND NON-CURRENT ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

In May 2022, the Board approved and announced its intention to undertake a formal sales process to investigate the
market interest in the sale/asset disposal of its subsidiary company MOVE Specialist Lifting & Transport Ltd which operates
in the Specialist segment. The Specialist company had been classified as held for sale and is a discontinued operation
under NZ IFRS 5 - Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations at 30 June 2022.

In March 2023, it was determined after appointment of new CEO and a strategic review that MOVE Specialist Lifting
and Transport Ltd no longer met the criteria to be disclosed as held of sale resulting in it no longer being actively
marketed for sale. As a result, the Profit or Loss has been restated for the year ended 30 June 2022 to reflect comparable
numbers consistent with that presented in the year ended 30 June 2023. The carrying value of the assets and liabilities
was asssessed and then reclassified to the relelvant sections in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. No impairment was
recognised.




22. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Post year end the Group has obtained credit approval from the ANZ to amend the quarterly covenants and reduce its
overdraft and flexible credit facilities (refer note 12.5).
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  85




     Independent auditor’s report
     To the shareholders of Move Logistics Group Limited

     Our opinion
     Independent
            Independent
     In our opinion,         the auditor’s  auditor’s
                                    accompanying        report   report financial statements of Move Logistics Group Limited
                                                            consolidated
     To
     (thetheTo the
               shareholders
           Company),                   of Move
                               including
                       shareholders                Logistics
                                              its Move
                                              of  subsidiaries     Group
                                                            Logistics   (the  Limited
                                                                               Group),
                                                                            Group       Limitedpresent fairly, in all material respects, the
     financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2023, its financial performance and its cash flows for the
     year Our
     Our    then
           opinion  opinionin accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting
                    ended
     In our In our(NZ
     Standardsopinion,opinion,IFRS)
                             the         and   International
                                    accompanying
                                      the   accompanying             Financialfinancial
                                                            consolidated
                                                                     consolidated    Reporting          Standards
                                                                                                  statements
                                                                                           financial       statements     (IFRS).
                                                                                                                     of Move        Logistics
                                                                                                                              of Move             Group
                                                                                                                                           Logistics        Limited
                                                                                                                                                         Group    Limited
     (the  Company),
     What(the       Company),
              we have          including
                              audited         its subsidiaries          (the   Group),         present      fairly,  in   all
                                        including its subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the material      respects,     the
     financial    position
            financial
     The Group's           position
                          consolidated     Group
                                  of theof the        as
                                                  Group
                                               financial       30 at
                                                               as    June
                                                          atstatements       2023,
                                                                        30 June          its   financial
                                                                                       2023, its
                                                                                 comprise:                   performance
                                                                                                       financial     performance   and itsand cash    flows for
                                                                                                                                                 its cash    flowsthefor the
     year then      ended in
            year then        ended inaccordance
                                             accordancewith New  with NewZealand       Equivalents
                                                                                 Zealand         Equivalents to to
                                                                                                                 International       Financial
                                                                                                                         International               Reporting
                                                                                                                                             Financial      Reporting
     ●    the
     Standards   consolidated
            Standards(NZ (NZ  IFRS)IFRS)balance
                                         and and    sheet
                                               International   as at
                                                       International     30 Financial
                                                                             JuneReporting
                                                                     Financial         2023;            Standards
                                                                                                Reporting       Standards (IFRS). (IFRS).
     ●    the
     WhatWhat    consolidated
              we have         audited   statement       of  profit    or  loss   and      other     comprehensive             income      for the year then
                      we have          audited
          ended;
     The Group's          consolidated         financial      statements         comprise:
            The Group's            consolidated        financial       statements          comprise:
     ●
     ● thethe    consolidated
                 consolidated           statement
                                        balance         of
                                                    sheet   changes
                                                               as   at   30in  equity
                                                                             June      2023;for the year then ended;
            ● the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 June 2023;
     ● the
     ●    the consolidated
                 consolidated statement statement of    of profit
                                                            cash flows        for theother  year comprehensive
                                                                                                    then ended; andincome for the year then
            ● the consolidated                 statement         of or    loss
                                                                     profit   or and
                                                                                  loss and other             comprehensive income for the year then
     ● theended; notes
                   ended;  to   the   consolidated         financial      statements,            which     include     significant accounting policies
     ● theand     other     explanatory        information.
            ● consolidated
                   the consolidated     statement
                                               statementof changes
                                                                 of changesin equity        for the
                                                                                    in equity       foryear
                                                                                                          the then
                                                                                                                year ended;
                                                                                                                        then ended;
     Basis
     ●      ● forthe
          the       opinion
                 consolidated
                          consolidated  statement
                                               statementof cash       flows for
                                                                 of cash     flows  the foryearthe then
                                                                                                    year thenended;      and and
                                                                                                                     ended;
     We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
     ● the       notes to       theto the
                                      consolidated         financial      statements,            whichwhichinclude     significant      accounting        policies
     (NZ))●andthe         notes
                    International             consolidated
                                           Standards                financial
                                                            on Auditing           statements,
                                                                                (ISAs).        Our responsibilitiesinclude     significant
                                                                                                                               under    thoseaccounting
                                                                                                                                                  standards policies
                                                                                                                                                                 are
          and
     further and  other
                described   explanatory
                           otherin the
                                    explanatoryinformation.
                                           Auditor’sinformation.
                                                          responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
     section
     Basis       of our
               for
            Basis   opinion
                       for  report.
                              opinion
     We believe that theaudit
     We   conducted
            We     conducted our      our in
                                     audit      accordance
                                            audit   in
                                              evidence  accordance
                                                              we have       International
                                                                     with obtained
                                                                             with    International Standards
                                                                                              is sufficient Standards
                                                                                                                  and      Auditing
                                                                                                                     onappropriate
                                                                                                                              on        (New
                                                                                                                                   Auditing      Zealand)
                                                                                                                                               (New
                                                                                                                                           to provide          (ISAs(ISAs
                                                                                                                                                         Zealand)
                                                                                                                                                           a basis
     (NZ))    and
            (NZ))   International
     for our opinion. and     InternationalStandards
                                                  Standards on    Auditing
                                                                     on         (ISAs).
                                                                          Auditing             Our
                                                                                          (ISAs).    responsibilities
                                                                                                       Our    responsibilities under    those
                                                                                                                                      under       standards
                                                                                                                                                those            are are
                                                                                                                                                          standards
     further    described
            further      describedin thein the
                                           Auditor’s      responsibilities
                                                   Auditor’s       responsibilities for the    foraudit
                                                                                                   the of audittheof the
                                                                                                                     consolidated
                                                                                                                             consolidatedfinancial      statements
                                                                                                                                                  financial    statements
     Independence
     section     of ourof our
            section         report. report.
     We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International
     We We
     Code believe      thatfor
                   believe
              of Ethics        the
                                 thataudit    evidence
                                        the audit
                                   Assurance          evidencewe have
                                                     Practitioners           obtained
                                                                       we(including
                                                                            have      obtainedis  sufficient
                                                                                                      is
                                                                                             International        and
                                                                                                          sufficient     appropriate
                                                                                                                          and
                                                                                                                   Independence  appropriate   provide a
                                                                                                                                           to to
                                                                                                                                          Standards)         basis
                                                                                                                                                       provide    a basis
     for ourfor opinion.
                  our    opinion.
     (New Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
     International
     Independence
            Independence  Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
     Standards)
     We   are          issued
                 independent
            We are independent      byofthe   International
                                           theofGroup
                                                  the Group in Ethics
                                                                accordance    Standards
                                                                     in accordance   with with     Board
                                                                                              Professional         Accountants
                                                                                                              for and
                                                                                                      Professional         Ethical     (IESBA
                                                                                                                                      Standard
                                                                                                                            and Ethical             Code),
                                                                                                                                                     1
                                                                                                                                              Standard      1 and   we
                                                                                                                                                        International
                                                                                                                                                               International
     have fulfilled
     Code     of
            Code      of our
                  Ethics      for
                           Ethicsother forethical
                                   Assurance
                                           Assurance responsibilities
                                                     Practitioners
                                                             Practitioners    in accordance
                                                                           (including
                                                                                   (including            with these
                                                                                             International
                                                                                                      International        requirements.
                                                                                                                   Independence
                                                                                                                            Independence  Standards)
                                                                                                                                                   Standards)
     (New
     Other(NewZealand)
              than Zealand)
                      in our  (PES      1)
                                       (PES
                                  capacity  issued
                                               1)      by
                                                   issued
                                               as auditor   theby New
                                                                 we  the   Zealand
                                                                           New
                                                                        have    noZealand  Auditing
                                                                                      relationship       and
                                                                                                   Auditing      Assurance
                                                                                                           with,and      Assurance
                                                                                                                    or interests   Standards
                                                                                                                                      in, Standards          and the
                                                                                                                                                    BoardBoard
                                                                                                                                           the Group.               and the
     International
            International Code of  Code  Ethics
                                            of for     Professional
                                                Ethics for       ProfessionalAccountants
                                                                                       Accountants   (including       International
                                                                                                              (including                  Independence
                                                                                                                              International        Independence
     Key   audit
     Standards)      matters
            Standards) issued byissued   theby the
                                              International
                                                      International EthicsEthics
                                                                              Standards Standards  Board for       Accountants
                                                                                                            Board for       Accountants(IESBA       Code),
                                                                                                                                               (IESBA          and we
                                                                                                                                                           Code),    and we
             fulfilled
     haveaudit
     Key    have          our other
                    matters
                     fulfilled     are    ethical
                                         those
                                   our other         responsibilities
                                                  matters
                                                 ethical        that, in      in in
                                                                            our
                                                              responsibilities     accordance
                                                                                  professional
                                                                                             accordance  with    thesethese
                                                                                                         judgement,
                                                                                                                  with     requirements.
                                                                                                                             were    of most
                                                                                                                                   requirements.  significance in
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed
     Other than in         ourin our
                                  capacity     as auditor        we have        no    relationship         with, or     interests     in, the the
                                                                                                                                                Group.
     in theOther
              context than of our audit   capacity
                                               of theas      auditor
                                                         consolidated     we financial
                                                                               have no          relationship
                                                                                                statements as      with,    or
                                                                                                                       a whole, interests
                                                                                                                                     and inin,forming    Group.
                                                                                                                                                            our
     opinion
     Key Key
           audit thereon,
                     matters
                    audit        and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                               matters
     Key audit      matters
            Key audit              are those
                             matters              matters
                                           are those            that, in
                                                          matters           ourin our
                                                                         that,    professional
                                                                                             professionaljudgement,
                                                                                                                  judgement, were of weremost     significance
                                                                                                                                             of most               in in
                                                                                                                                                         significance
     our audit
            our ofaudit theof the
                               consolidated        financial
                                        consolidated              statements
                                                            financial      statements  of theof the
                                                                                                  current      year. year.
                                                                                                          current      These       matters
                                                                                                                               These           were were
                                                                                                                                         matters        addressed
                                                                                                                                                               addressed
     in thein the
              context      of ourofaudit
                      context            our of   theof the
                                              audit      consolidated
                                                                 consolidated  financial        statements
                                                                                        financial       statements as a as whole,    and inand in
                                                                                                                                a whole,        forming     our our
                                                                                                                                                        forming
     opinion     thereon,
            opinion              and we
                          thereon,       anddowe not    provide a
                                                     do not              separate
                                                                 provide a       separateopinion       on these
                                                                                                  opinion             matters.
                                                                                                                on these      matters.




      PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Centre, 60 Cashel Street, PO Box 13244, Christchurch 8141, New Zealand
      T: +64 3 374 3000, pwc.co.nz



      PricewaterhouseCoopers,  PwC Centre,
            PricewaterhouseCoopers,        60 Cashel
                                    PwC Centre,      Street,Street,
                                                60 Cashel    PO Box PO13244, Christchurch
                                                                       Box 13244,         8141, 8141,
                                                                                  Christchurch  New Zealand
                                                                                                      New Zealand
      T: +64T:3+64
               374 33000, pwc.co.nz
                     374 3000, pwc.co.nz
86   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Description of the key audit matter                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Carrying value of Goodwill
     Description of the key audit matter                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter
         Independent
     As at 30 June                       auditor’s
                           2023, the Group             had a  report
                                                                  total We obtained the impairment tests prepared by
     Carrying value of Goodwill
     goodwill
         To thebalance
                   shareholdersof $13.6m,   of Moveas disclosed
                                                         Logistics Group   management
                                                                                 Limited for Move Logistics and Warehousing
     in note3013.3.
     As at       JuneThis  2023, is the
                                     allocated
                                             Groupacross
                                                       had a four total We Limited,
                                                                                 obtainedas this   theis the    largest tests
                                                                                                        impairment           CGU prepared
                                                                                                                                     representing     by
     cash   generating
     goodwill
         Our     balance of
                opinion        units     (CGU's).
                                     $13.6m,       as disclosed            $12.5m
                                                                           management   of thefor   balance,
                                                                                                        Move and           understood
                                                                                                                   Logistics      and          the
                                                                                                                                         Warehousing  process
     in note
         In    13.3.
             our        This
                  opinion,       is
                                  theallocated
                                         accompanyingacross four           undertaken
                                                                           Limited,
                                                                  consolidated           as to
                                                                                    financial       preparethe the
                                                                                               thisstatements
                                                                                                      is        largest forecasts
                                                                                                                        of              and
                                                                                                                                     representing
                                                                                                                             CGU Logistics
                                                                                                                            Move                 the Group Limited
     Management           performed             value-in-use
     cash   generating
         (the   Company),      units     (CGU's).
                                    including       its 2023               assumptions
                                                                           $12.5m       of   the   used.
                                                                                                    balance,       and     understood
                                                         subsidiaries (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects,                   the    process   the
     (VIU)   impairment          test at     30 June
         financial
     using             position
                discounted             of  the   Group
                                    cash aflow model        as   at  30    undertaken
                                                                        June   2023,       its  to  prepare
                                                                                                 financial        the   forecasts
                                                                                                               performance
                                                                           We understood the controls that management have           andand its  the
                                                                                                                                                   cash     flowsinfor the
     Management           performed             value-in-use
         yearon
     based      then ended
                  probability-weightedinataccordance  forecast             assumptions
                                                              with New Zealand
                                                                           relation to       theused.
                                                                                         Equivalentsimpairment to International
                                                                                                                        assessment      Financial
                                                                                                                                           of goodwill    Reporting
                                                                                                                                                                and
     (VIU)   impairment          test        30 June       2023
     cashStandards
     using aflows for
                discounted (NZ
                           the MoveIFRS)
                                    cash flow and    International
                                             Logistics
                                                     model  and         Financial
                                                                           evaluated
                                                                           We           Reporting
                                                                                 understood  their the    Standards
                                                                                                      design.               (IFRS).
                                                                                                             controls that management have in
     Warehousing
     based    on we have  Limited
                  probability-weighted  CGU andforecast                    relation     to the impairment               assessment         of goodwill
         What                      audited                                 We considered              management's             assessment             of the and
     determined
     cash   flows     that
                    for    thethere
                                  Move   was    no impairment
                                             Logistics      and            evaluated         their    design.
         The Group's consolidated financial statements                             comprise:
                                                                           respective         CGUs in the Group and the allocation of
     of goodwill required.
     Warehousing          LimitedKey    CGU   estimates
                                                 and           and
         ●     the that
     assumptions
     determined      consolidated
                         in the
                              there VIUwas   balance
                                            models         sheet as at 30 June 2023; in the
                                                        include
                                                no impairment
                                                                           corporate
                                                                           We    considered assets    management's CGUs. assessment of the
     the                                                                   respective         CGUs        in  the  Groupofand         the   allocation         of
         ●discount      rates
               the required.
     of goodwill     consolidated and  Keylong-term
                                             statement
                                              estimates ofgrowth
                                                               andprofit orWe
                                                                            lossgained
                                                                                    and other  an understanding
                                                                                                      comprehensive              the
                                                                                                                                income forecast
                                                                                                                                              for the   outlook
                                                                                                                                                           year then
     rates  used    in in thethe VIU
                                impairment          model.                 corporate        assets       in  the   CGUs.
                                                                           for the industry and CGUs, and for the strategic
     assumptions
               ended;                       models      include
     the  discount      rates     and     long-term       growth           direction
                                                                           We             of anthe business.           We of the
                                                                                                                             compared           the outlook
                                                                                                                                                       forecasts
     As disclosed        in Note 13.3,
         ● the consolidated                     the Group
                                             statement        of saw
                                                                  changes    in gained
                                                                           used   equity
                                                                                    within    for    understanding
                                                                                                thethe    year then models
                                                                                                      impairment
                                                                                                                                       forecast
                                                                                                                           ended; against             historical
     rates  used    in    the   impairment
     a decrease in sales and a loss of a key        model.                 for  the    industry       and     CGUs,      and     for  the  strategic
         ● the consolidated statement of cash flows                        actualfor theof
                                                                           direction  trading year    then ended;
                                                                                               theresults,
                                                                                                      business.  takingWeandinto   accounthe
                                                                                                                             compared              theforecasts
                                                                                                                                                         impact of
     customer
     As disclosed contract
                         in Note  in the
                                       13.3, Move     Freightsaw
                                                the Group
         ●     the   notes      to   the    consolidated         financial the
                                                                           used  Covid-19
                                                                                    within
                                                                            statements,         thepandemic,
                                                                                                      impairment
                                                                                                   which     include to assess
                                                                                                                          models
                                                                                                                         significant if the
                                                                                                                                       against growth
                                                                                                                                          accounting         rates
                                                                                                                                                      historicalpolicies
     Limited
     a  decreaseCGU. in As salesa and
                                    resultaofloss this,of a
                                                          thekeyfull
               and    other      explanatory         information.          used
                                                                           actual   in  the
                                                                                      trading  modelresults,were    reasonable.
                                                                                                                 taking     into   account         the   impact    of
     amount
     customerof     Goodwillinwas
                  contract             the   impaired
                                             Move           in
                                                      Freight  the
     year.                                                                 the   Covid-19          pandemic,         to
                                                                           We assessed the reliability of management's   assess      if the    growth        rates
     Limited
         Basis  CGU.       As a result of this, the full
                   for opinion                                             used     in the process
                                                                           forecasting         model were           reasonable.
                                                                                                              in previous        years and considered
     amount
     TheWe      of
           goodwill Goodwill
               conducted impairment  was
                                  our audit  impaired
                                              testinfor the in the
                                                      accordanceMove with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
     year.                                                                 the
                                                                           We    impact
                                                                                 assessed     on the reliability
                                                                                                           assessment    of    of forecast
                                                                                                                              management's         earnings.
     Logistics            Warehousing Limited
         (NZ)) and International                Standards     CGU on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
     is considered                                                         forecasting         process        in  previous       years    and        considered
           goodwill a
     Thefurther     described key
                         impairment  audit
                                       in  the matter    due to
                                                 Auditor’s
                                              test  for  the               We tested
                                                                responsibilities
                                                                Move                   for the       mathematical
                                                                                              the audit of                  accuracy of the
                                                                                                                 the consolidated            financial  modelsstatements
     the  significant
         section     of ourlevel     of
                                 report. management                        the   impact       on    the    assessment
                                                                           used, including that they utilised the assumptions  of  forecast        earnings.
     Logistics    and     Warehousing            Limited CGU
     judgement
     is considered  applied   keyin
                           a that       estimating
                                     audit     matter    future
                                                         due towe have     disclosed
                                                                           We    testedinthe     note 13.3,
                                                                                                     mathematical and that       the of
                                                                                                                            accuracy   recoverable
                                                                                                                                                 the    models
     cashWe    believe
            flows   and      other  the keyaudit    evidence
                                               assumptions         in          obtained         is sufficient      and appropriate             to    provide     a basis
     the for
          significant      level     of  management                        amount
                                                                           used,         calculated
                                                                                     including        that  was
                                                                                                              they greater
                                                                                                                      utilised  than
                                                                                                                                  the   the carrying
                                                                                                                                        assumptions
              our   opinion.
     determiningappliedthe recoverable             amount       of
     judgement                     in estimating         future            amount ofinthe
                                                                           disclosed                CGU.
                                                                                                 note    13.3, and that the recoverable
     this CGU.
         Independence
     cash flows and other key assumptions in                               amount       calculated
                                                                           We considered the was             Move  greater
                                                                                                                       Freight  than    the carrying
                                                                                                                                   Limited        impairment
     determining       the recoverable
         We are independent                  of theamount
                                                      Groupofin accordance amount      with
                                                                                        of   theProfessional
                                                                                                    CGU.
                                                                           model, including the impact of the loss    and    Ethical     Standard
                                                                                                                                            of the key     1 International
     thisCode
          CGU.of Ethics for Assurance Practitionerscustomer                  (including        International
                                                                                            contract,        which    Independence
                                                                                                                       supported        the   Standards)
                                                                                                                                               goodwill
                                                                           We considered the Move Freight Limited impairment
         (New Zealand) (PES 1) issued by the Newimpairment.                  Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
                                                                           model, including the impact of the loss of the key
         International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
                                                                           customer
                                                                           We    used       contract,
                                                                                           our     auditor's which     supported
                                                                                                                  expert,     to assist theus  goodwill
                                                                                                                                                    in Code),
                                                                                                                                                       assessing
         Standards) issued by the International Ethics                           Standards           Board for       Accountants          (IESBA                    and we
                                                                           impairment.
                                                                           and in challenging          whether        the assumptions
         have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities                           accordance             with these       requirements.used in the
                                                                           model
                                                                           We used    were ourreasonable.
                                                                                                   auditor's expert, The key       areasus
                                                                                                                              to assist       assessed
                                                                                                                                                    in assessing
         Other than in our capacity as auditor we have                            no relationship with, or interests in, the Group.
                                                                           included:
                                                                           and challenging whether the assumptions used in the
         Key audit matters                                                 modelthe
                                                                           ●          were       reasonable.
                                                                                          valuation                  The keyused;
                                                                                                            methodology            areas assessed
         Key audit matters are those matters that, in                      included:
                                                                           ●  our    professional           judgement,
                                                                                   the reasonableness of the discount          were     of most  rate;significance
                                                                                                                                                          and           in
         our audit of the consolidated financial                       statements
                                                                           ●
                                                                           ●       the  of   the
                                                                                          valuation current     year.
                                                                                                            methodology   These      matters
                                                                                                                                  used;
                                                                                   comparing inputs to relevant market and industry                  were     addressed
         in the context of our audit of the consolidated                   ● financial
                                                                                   the            statements as
                                                                                          reasonableness
                                                                                   information.                        of athe
                                                                                                                             whole,
                                                                                                                                 discountand rate;
                                                                                                                                                 in forming
                                                                                                                                                          and our
         opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                           ● audited
                                                                           We      comparing           inputs to relevant
                                                                                                the disclosures           in notemarket
                                                                                                                                      13.3 ofand     the industry
                                                                                   information.
                                                                           consolidated financial statements to ensure that they
                                                                           are
                                                                           We compliant
                                                                               audited thewith the requirements
                                                                                           disclosures           of the
                                                                                                        in note 13.3    relevant
                                                                                                                     of the
                                                                           accounting standards.
                                                                           consolidated financial statements to ensure that they
                                                                           are compliant with the requirements of the relevant
                                                                           accounting standards.



     PwC

           PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Centre, 60 Cashel Street, PO Box 13244, Christchurch 8141, New Zealand
     PwC
           T: +64 3 374 3000, pwc.co.nz
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023                 87




    Description of the key audit matter                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
    Carrying value of Goodwill
      Our audit approach
             Independent
    As at 30 June        2023, the Group   auditor’s          report
                                                    had a total        We obtained the impairment tests prepared by
      Overview
    goodwill    balance of
             To the               $13.6m,
                       shareholders          ofas   disclosed
                                                 Move                  management
                                                          Logistics Group         Limitedfor Move Logistics and Warehousing
    in note 13.3. This is allocated across             Overall
                                                             four group    materiality:
                                                                       Limited,      as this is$1.14   themillion,
                                                                                                            largestwhichCGU represents
                                                                                                                                 representing
    cash Our
           generating
                   opinion   units (CGU's). approximately                  2.5%of
                                                                       $12.5m        oftheEarnings
                                                                                               balance,    before
                                                                                                               and Interest,
                                                                                                                       understood    Tax,the process
                                                                                                                                            Depreciation
             In our opinion,        the aaccompanying  and    Amortisation      (‘EBITDA’).
                                                                       undertaken          to  prepare        the   forecasts       and    the
    Management          performed            value-in-use consolidated financial statements of Move Logistics Group Limited
                                                                       assumptions            used.
    (VIU) (the     Company),
            impairment                including
                               test at 30     JuneitsWe   subsidiaries
                                                       2023chose          (the Group),
                                                                     Earnings        before present
                                                                                                  Interest,fairly,
                                                                                                                Tax, in all      materialand
                                                                                                                        Depreciation           respects, the
             financial    position
    using a discounted cash low model    of the   Group     as  at 30
                                                       AmortisationWe   June    2023,
                                                                         (‘EBITDA’)
                                                                             understood     its
                                                                                             as financial
                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                   the controlsperformance
                                                                                                         benchmark     thatbecause,   andinitsour
                                                                                                                              management         cash
                                                                                                                                                    view,
                                                                                                                                                   have    init isfor the
                                                                                                                                                        flows
             year   then    ended       in
    based on probability-weighted forecast  accordance        with
                                                       the benchmarkNew    Zealand
                                                                             against
                                                                       relation     to he  Equivalents
                                                                                           which the
                                                                                               impairment      to  International
                                                                                                            performance
                                                                                                                   assessment     of he  Financial
                                                                                                                                        of Group       Reporting
                                                                                                                                            goodwillisandmost
             Standards
    cash flows     for the(NZ   Move IFRS)     and International
                                          Logistics    commonly measured
                                                        and             Financial by
                                                                       evaluated        Reporting
                                                                                        theirusers,
                                                                                                  design.  Standards
                                                                                                         and    is generally(IFRS).accepted
    Warehousing
             What we    Limited
                            have CGU audited  and benchmark.
                                                                       We considered management's assessment of the
    determined that there was no impairment
             The Group's consolidated Full            financial   statements
                                                              scope    respective
                                                                      audits    werecomprise:
                                                                                         CGUs
                                                                                          performed   in thefor 5
                                                                                                               Group of 13 and    the in
                                                                                                                               entities allocation
                                                                                                                                               the of
                                                                                                                                                    Group
    of goodwill required. Key estimates and
             ● thein theconsolidated          balance  based     on    corporate
                                                                    their   financial
                                                           sheet as at 30 June 2023;   assets        in
                                                                                            significance;the   CGUs.
    assumptions                   VIU models        include
    the ●discount therates and
                        consolidated   long-term
                                              statementgrowth
                                                       Specified       We
                                                                    audit
                                                              of profit      gained  andan
                                                                             procedures
                                                                         or loss                understanding
                                                                                             otherand     analytical
                                                                                                        comprehensive    of  theincome
                                                                                                                          review   forecast
                                                                                                                                      proceduresoutlook
                                                                                                                                              for the  were then
                                                                                                                                                       year
    rates usedended;in the impairment model.           performed on    forthe
                                                                            the industry
                                                                                 remainingand             CGUs, and for the strategic
                                                                                                    entities.
                                                                       direction of the business. We compared the forecasts
    As disclosed
             ● theinconsolidated
                           Note 13.3, the         Group
                                              statementAs saw of changes
                                                            reported    above,inwithin
                                                                                   equity
                                                                                    we        forimpairment
                                                                                           have     the
                                                                                                    oneyear key then
                                                                                                                  audit    ended;
                                                                                                                            matter,     being:
                                                                       used                the                       models       against      historical
    a decrease in sales and a loss of a key
             ● the consolidated statement                ●    of cash
                                                               Carrying flows
                                                                       actual
                                                                           value  for  the
                                                                                  trading
                                                                                     of       year      then   ended;       and
                                                                                               results, taking into account the impact of
                                                                                         Goodwill
    customer contract in the Move Freight
                                                                       the Covid-19 pandemic, to assess if the growth rates
    Limited● CGU. the notes
                        As a resultto theofconsolidated
                                               this, the full financial statements, which include significant accounting policies
    amount        and otherwas     explanatory in the information. used in the model were reasonable.
      As partofofGoodwill
                     designing ourimpaired  audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material
    year.
      misstatement                                                     We assessed             the reliability we of      management's
             Basis forin the opinionconsolidated financial statements.                   In particular,              considered         where
      management          made      subjective       judgements;       forecasting         process        in previous        yearsaccounting
                                                                                                                                       and considered
    The   goodwill
             We        impairment
                  conducted         our    test
                                           auditforin the   Move for
                                                       accordance       withexample,
                                                                               International in respect        of
                                                                                                       Standards   significant
                                                                                                                        on   Auditing (New Zealand)   estimates    (ISAs
      that involved      making       assumptions                      the impact on the
                                                           and considering                             assessment are of       forecast      earnings.As in all
    Logistics    andand
             (NZ))      Warehousing
                             International    Limited
                                                 Standards CGU   on Auditing future(ISAs).events           that
                                                                                                 Our responsibilities    inherently
                                                                                                                                 underuncertain.
                                                                                                                                            those standards          are
         ourfurther
               audits,awe
    isofconsidered         key
                       described also
                                  audit addressed
                                            matter ue
                                         in the          thetorisk of management
                                                  Auditor’s            We    testedfor
                                                                responsibilities              override
                                                                                         thethe mathematical
                                                                                                    audit    of internal
                                                                                                             of  the accuracy controls,
                                                                                                                        consolidated   of theincluding    among
                                                                                                                                                 modelsstatements
                                                                                                                                             financial
      other
    the       matters,
         significant
             section        consideration
                         level
                        of   ourofreport.
                                      management  of whether there        was including
                                                                       used,     evidence that     of biastheythat    represented
                                                                                                                 utilised                 a risk of material
                                                                                                                              the assumptions
      misstatement
    judgement             dueinto fraud.
                    applied         estimating future                  disclosed in note 13.3, and that the recoverable
    cash     We believe
           flows   and other    thatkey
                                      theassumptions
                                            audit evidence     in we have       obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
      Materiality                                                      amount calculated was greater than the carrying
             for our   opinion.
    determining the recoverable amount of
      The scope of our audit was influenced by our                     amount       of theofCGU.
                                                                          application             materiality. An audit is designed to obtain
    this CGU.Independence
      reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated              We considered      financial
                                                                                                  the Movestatements
                                                                                                                  Freightare       free from
                                                                                                                               Limited            material
                                                                                                                                            impairment
             We   are independent
      misstatement.         Misstatements     of themay Group
                                                           ariseinduemodel,
                                                                    accordance
                                                                        to  fraud  including the impact of the loss of the keyif,1 International
                                                                                       with
                                                                                      or        Professional
                                                                                           error.     They     are    and    Ethical
                                                                                                                     considered          Standard
                                                                                                                                        material
             Code of
      individually    orEthics       for Assurance
                           in aggregate,         they couldPractitioners
                                                                 reasonably   (including
                                                                       customer    be contract,
                                                                                       expected International
                                                                                                         to  influence
                                                                                                         which        Independence
                                                                                                                  supported  the the
                                                                                                                                   economic   Standards)
                                                                                                                                          goodwill decisions of
             (New    Zealand)        (PES     1)  issued
      users taken on the basis of the consolidated financial by  the  New     Zealand
                                                                       impairment.            Auditing
                                                                                       statements.          and    Assurance          Standards       Board and the
             International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence
      Based     on our professional
             Standards)        issued by the   judgement,        we determined
                                                     International     We
                                                                       Ethicsused our   certain
                                                                                  Standards           quantitative
                                                                                              auditor's
                                                                                                      Board  expert, thresholds
                                                                                                                for       to  assist usfor
                                                                                                                     Accountants             in
                                                                                                                                          (IESBAmateriality,
                                                                                                                                                assessing
                                                                                                                                                      Code), and we
      including    the   overall     Group      materiality
             have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities  for the  consolidated
                                                                       and in challenging
                                                                                      accordance financial
                                                                                                    whether    statements
                                                                                                            withthetheseassumptionsas   a
                                                                                                                             requirements.   usedas
                                                                                                                                          whole         the out
                                                                                                                                                     in set
      above. These, together with qualitative                    considerations,
                                                                       model      werehelpedreasonable. us to The
                                                                                                                determine
                                                                                                                        key areasthe scope
                                                                                                                                         assessed of our audit,
             Other than
      the nature,     timing  inand
                                  our extent
                                         capacity  of as
                                                       ourauditor    we   have noand
                                                            audit procedures
                                                                       included:        relationship
                                                                                              to evaluate    with,theoreffect
                                                                                                                           interests     in, the Group. both
                                                                                                                                  of misstatements,
      individually
             Key auditand matters
                              in aggregate, on the consolidated        ●         financial
                                                                               the   valuation   statements
                                                                                                        methodology  as a whole.
                                                                                                                             used;
           Key audit
      How we    tailoredmatters
                           our are  those
                                group  auditmatters
                                               scopethat,
                                                        ● in our   professional judgement,
                                                              the reasonableness                 were ofrate;
                                                                                        of the discount    mostandsignificance in
      We our    audit
          tailored  theof the consolidated
                        scope of our         financial
                                       audit in        statements
                                                order to● perform    of the  current
                                                                    sufficient  work   year.
                                                                                       to     These
                                                                                          enable   us matters
                                                                                                      to        were
                                                                                                          provide
                                                              comparing inputs to relevant market and industry        addressed
                                                                                                                   an opinion
           in the
      on the      context of our
              consolidated         audit of
                              inancial      the
                                       statementsconsolidated
                                                     as a whole,financial
                                                                   taking
                                                              information. statements
                                                                           into  account  as  a
                                                                                            the whole,
                                                                                                structureand
                                                                                                           of in forming
                                                                                                               the Group, our
                                                                                                                           the
           opinionprocesses
      accounting     thereon, and
                                andwe do    notand
                                    controls,   provide
                                                    the a  separate
                                                         industry      opinion
                                                                   in which   theonGroup
                                                                                     theseoperates.
                                                                                             matters.
                                                        We audited the disclosures in note 13.3 of the
      Other information                                 consolidated financial statements to ensure that they
      The Directors are responsible for the other are  information.
                                                            compliant The   other
                                                                         with  theinformation     comprises
                                                                                    requirements of     the the
                                                                                                            relevant
      information included in the Annual report, but does        not include
                                                        accounting             the consolidated financial statements
                                                                      standards.
      and our auditor's report thereon.




   PwC

      PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Centre, 60 Cashel Street, PO Box 13244, Christchurch 8141, New Zealand
          T: +64 3 374 3000, pwc.co.nz
88   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




       Description of the key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter
       Carrying
     Our            value
           opinion on       theof Goodwill
                                   consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
     not express
           Independentany     form      ofauditor’s
                                           audit opinionreport    or assurance conclusion thereon.
       As at 30 June        2023, the Group             had a total We obtained the impairment tests prepared by
     Ingoodwill
           To   thebalance
         connection       with
                     shareholders of   $13.6m,
                                  our audit  of of   thedisclosed
                                                    as
                                                 Move      consolidated
                                                          Logistics             management
                                                                            Group      Limited for
                                                                                   financial       statements,Moveour      Logistics       and
                                                                                                                                 responsibility    Warehousing
                                                                                                                                                          is to     read the
       in
     othernote 13.3.
             information  Thisand, is in
                                       allocated
                                             doing so,acrossconsiderfour whetherLimited,   theasotherthis is the
                                                                                                            informationlargestisCGU            representing
                                                                                                                                      materially          inconsistent
       cash
     with  the
           Ourgenerating
                 consolidated
                  opinion        unitsfinancial
                                          (CGU's).   statements or our          $12.5m
                                                                                     knowledgeof the obtained
                                                                                                          balance, in       and    understood
                                                                                                                                the audit,      or theotherwise  process
     appears
           In    to  be   materially
               our opinion,         the a   misstated.
                                          accompanying        If,  based      onundertaken
                                                                                    the   work      weto  prepare
                                                                                                          have            the
                                                                                                                     performed   forecasts
                                                                     consolidated financial statements of Move Logistics Group Limited   on  the   and
                                                                                                                                                     other  the  information
       Management          performed             value-in-use
     that we
           (the obtained
                  Company),    priorincluding
                                         to the date its of    this auditor’s
                                                         subsidiaries           assumptions
                                                                               (the   report,
                                                                                        Group),          used.
                                                                                                   wepresent
                                                                                                         conclude    fairly,thatinthere     is a material
                                                                                                                                    all material           respects, the
       (VIU)   impairment          test at 30 June         2023
     misstatement
           financial      of  this of
                         position     other theinformation,
                                                  Group      as    atwe30areJunerequired
                                                                                      2023,     to
                                                                                                 its report
                                                                                                       financialthat fact.
                                                                                                                      performance We have          nothing
                                                                                                                                              and its         cash to flows
                                                                                                                                                                       report in
       using discounted cash flow model                                         We understood the controls that management                                            have infor the
     this regard.
           year   then     ended        in accordance          with     New     Zealand         Equivalents           to   International           Financial         Reporting
       based on probability-weighted forecast                                   relation to the impairment assessment of goodwill and
       cashStandards
              flows for (NZ
     Responsibilities       theofMoveIFRS)     and International
                                              Logistics
                                      the Directors                          Financial
                                                            and the consolidated
                                                             for                evaluated    Reporting
                                                                                                   their        Standards
                                                                                                            design.
                                                                                                     financial        statements    (IFRS).
       Warehousing
     The   Directors
           What we are     Limited        CGU and
                                 responsible,         on behalf of theWe          Company,           for the     preparation and               fair presentation
                          have       audited                                           considered           management's                 assessment              of the of
       determined
     the  consolidated  that financial
                                there wastatements
                                                 no impairment    in   accordance          with    NZ     IFRS       and      IFRS,      and    for    such       internal
           The Group's consolidated financial statements                                 comprise:
                                                                                respective          CGUs in the Group and the allocation                                  of
       of goodwill
     control    as therequired.
                          Directors      Key   estimates
                                           determine            and
                                                           is necessary            to  enable        the   preparation            of  consolidated              financial
           ●     the in the
                       consolidated           balanceinclude                    corporate
                                                           sheet as at 30 June 2023;              assets       in   the    CGUs.
       assumptions
     statements      that are free    VIUfrommodels material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
       the ●discount
                 the rates
                       consolidated and long-term
                                              statement of growth    profit orWe  lossgained
                                                                                          and other  an understanding
                                                                                                            comprehensive             of the
                                                                                                                                          income forecastfor the   outlook
                                                                                                                                                                      year then
         preparing
     Inrates  used     thethe
                      in      consolidated
                                  impairment        financial
                                                     model.          statements,for     theindustry
                                                                                      the      Directors    and are     responsible
                                                                                                                     CGUs,        and     forfor
                                                                                                                                               the  assessing
                                                                                                                                                       strategic         the
                 ended;
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,direction                     disclosing,         as   applicable,           matters
                                                                                                of the business. We compared the forecasts    related         to   going
       As disclosed
           ● the          in Note
                       consolidatedthe 13.3,     the
                                              statementGroup         saw
                                                               ofbasis
                                                                     changes        in  equity
     concern     and using                going    concern                  of used
                                                                                accountingwithinfor   thethe
                                                                                                     unless     year then
                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                            impairment  Directors  ended;
                                                                                                                                  models  either      intendhistorical
                                                                                                                                                against             to liquidate
       a decrease
     the  Group     or in
                        to sales
                             cease     and    a loss of or
                                         operations,        a key
                                                                have      noflows
                                                                               realistic     alternative         but     to    do  so.
           ●     the   consolidated           statement of           cash              for  the     year    then      ended;        and
                                                                                actual trading results, taking into account the impact of
       customer contract in the Move Freight
           ●     the   notes      to   the   consolidated                       the    Covid-19 which    pandemic,            tostatements
                                                                                                                                  assess      if the      growth rates
     Auditor’sCGU. As
       Limited     responsibilities
                                  a result ofor        thethe
                                                   this,          full of thestatements,
                                                              audit financial       consolidated                    include
                                                                                                             financial            significant        accounting            policies
                 and other         explanatory        information.              used      in  the     model      were        reasonable.
       amount
     Our          of
           objectivesGoodwill
                           are to was  obtain impaired
                                                  reasonable in  theassurance about whether the consolidated financial
       year.
     statements, as a whole, are free from material We                           misstatement,
                                                                                       assessed the        whether
                                                                                                                reliability dueof  to fraud
                                                                                                                                      management'sor error, and to
           Basis for opinion
     issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.                               Reasonable
                                                                                forecasting                   assurance
                                                                                                      process in         previous  is a high
                                                                                                                                          yearslevel and of        assurance,
                                                                                                                                                               considered
       The goodwill       impairment           testinfor the      Move with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
     but isWenotconducted
                  a guarantee       ourthataudit       accordance
                                                an audit      conducted          in accordance
                                                                                the    impact on the       withassessment
                                                                                                                    ISAs (NZ) and             ISAs will
                                                                                                                                        of forecast              always
                                                                                                                                                              earnings.
       Logistics
           (NZ))           Warehousing Limited
                    and International            Standards      CGU Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
     detect   a material       misstatement            when it on     exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
       is further
          considered a
                     described key in  auditthe matter    due to                We tested the       the audit of
                                                                                                          mathematical              accuracy of the                models
     considered material if, individually or inresponsibilities
                                                  Auditor’s           the aggregate,for        they could               the consolidated
                                                                                                                   reasonably            be expected    financial        statements
                                                                                                                                                                  to influence
       the section
            significantof   level of
                           our     report. management                           used, including that they utilised the assumptions
     the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
       judgement applied in estimating future                                   disclosed in note 13.3, and that the recoverable
     Acash We
        further  believe
              flows   and
                  description that
                               otherofthekeyaudit
                                          our        evidence we
                                                assumptions
                                                responsibilities            have
                                                                       in for  the   obtained
                                                                                      audit of the    is sufficient
                                                                                                           consolidated     and appropriate
                                                                                                                                    financial             to provideisa basis
                                                                                                                                                    statements
                                                                                amount        calculated was                greater      than the         carrying
           for  our
       determining   opinion.
                         the   recoverable          amount         of
     located at the External Reporting Board’s website at:                      amount        of   the    CGU.
       this CGU.
           Independence
     https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/
                                                                                We considered the Move Freight Limited impairment
     This We     are independent
            description       forms partofofthe     ourGroup
                                                          auditor’s  in accordance
                                                                                model, with
                                                                           report.           includingProfessional
                                                                                                              the impact       andofEthical
                                                                                                                                        the loss   Standard
                                                                                                                                                       of the key     1 International
           Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitionerscustomer                      (including         International
                                                                                                  contract,        whichIndependence
                                                                                                                                supported the Standards)  goodwill
     Who we(Newreport
                    Zealand) to (PES 1) issued by the Newimpairment.               Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the
           International        Code       of  Ethics    for
     This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, Professional           Accountants      as a(including
                                                                                                               body. OurInternational
                                                                                                                                   audit work has        Independence
                                                                                                                                                                been
           Standards)
     undertaken       so that issuedwe by mightthestate
                                                     International
                                                           those matters        Wewhich
                                                                            Ethics     used
                                                                                       Standards ourare
                                                                                                we       auditor's
                                                                                                           Board
                                                                                                             required    expert,
                                                                                                                       for    Accountants
                                                                                                                               to state    assist
                                                                                                                                       to to     them  us
                                                                                                                                                     (IESBA        assessing
                                                                                                                                                              in anCode),
                                                                                                                                                             in       auditor’sand we
     reporthave    fulfilled
              and for     no our
                               otherother        ethical
                                          purpose.      To the        fullest and
                                                            responsibilities   extent   challenging
                                                                                       in  accordance
                                                                                           permitted         whether
                                                                                                             by  with
                                                                                                                   law, we these     assumptions
                                                                                                                               thedo not
                                                                                                                                     requirements.
                                                                                                                                             accept or        used      in the
                                                                                                                                                                   assume
     responsibility      to in
                             anyone        other than       the Company         modeland    wereCompany’s
                                                                                                       reasonable.            The key areas         as assessed
           Other than            our capacity         as auditor         we have        no the
                                                                                included:    relationship with,           shareholders,
                                                                                                                               or interests in,           a body,
                                                                                                                                                          the    Group.  for our
     audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.
           Key audit matters                                                    ●        the valuation methodology used;
           Key audit matters are those matters that, in                         ●    our   professional
                                                                                         the    reasonableness    judgement,    of thewerediscountof most  rate;significance
                                                                                                                                                                     and           in
     The engagement
           our audit of the     partner      on the audit
                                      consolidated        financialresulting      in this independent
                                                                          statements          of   the    current    auditor’s
                                                                                                                        year.         reportmatters
                                                                                                                                  These           is Maxwell   were    John
                                                                                                                                                                         addressed
     Dixon.                                                                     ●        comparing inputs to relevant market and industry
           in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial                     information.   statements as a whole, and in forming our
           opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
     For and on behalf of:                                                      We audited the disclosures in note 13.3 of the
                                                                                 consolidated financial statements to ensure that they
                                                                                 are compliant with the requirements of the relevant
                                                                                 accounting standards.
     Chartered Accountants                                                                                                                            Christchurch
     29 August 2023


     PwC

     PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Centre, 60 Cashel Street, PO Box 13244, Christchurch 8141, New Zealand
         T: +64 3 374 3000, pwc.co.nz
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        89




ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION

REMUNERATION
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

The total pool of Directors’ Fees available to non-executive Directors for the year ended 30 June 2023 was
$750,000, which was approved by shareholders at the 2017 Special Meeting of Shareholders. Of this, $447,500 was
paid to non-executive Directors in FY23.

The table below sets out the total of the remuneration and the value of other benefits received by each Director
during the financial year to 30 June 2023. The Board Charter provides that no sum is paid to a Director upon
retirement or cessation of office.


 Director                     Board Fees           Risk        Governance &           Total          Current
                                                Assurance      Remuneration      Directors Fees      Director
                                                and Audit        Committee            FY23            or Date
                                               Committee            Fees                           Appointed or
                                                   Fees                                              Resigned


 Lorraine Witten                140,000                   -              -          140,000           Current

 David (Grant) Devonport         75,000            10,000                -           85,000           Current

 Mark Newman                     75,000                   -          6,667           81,667           Current

 Christopher Dunphy              25,000                   -              -           25,000           Current

 Danny Chan                      75,000                   -              -           75,000           Current

                                                                                                    Appointed
 Julia Raue                      12,500                   -              -           12,500
                                                                                                    3 May 2023

                                                                                                     Resigned
 Peter Dryden                    25,000                   -          3,333           28,333         20 October
                                                                                                       2022

 Total                         427,500            10,000            10,000         447,500



EMPLOYEE REMUNERATION

Executive remuneration framework

MOVE’s executive remuneration policies and practices are designed to attract, retain and motivate high calibre
people.

The Board has reviewed executive remuneration with the assistance of external independent advice. Executive
remuneration comprises a fixed component.
 90     ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION




CEO/EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION DISCLOSURE

The CEO/Executive Director’s remuneration as at 30 June 2023 consisted of a base salary only. The CEO/Executive
Director’s remuneration is reviewed annually by the Governance and Remuneration Committee and approved by
the Board.


                                                         Fixed Remuneration                               Pay for
                                                                                                       Performance

            Executive Director              Salary             Benefits**            Subtotal          STI earned in          Total
                  / CEO                                                                                     FY*            Remuneration

 FY23      Craig Evans                      246,808               9,560               256,368                n/a                256,368

 FY23      Christopher Dunphy               338,000                n/a                338,000                n/a                338,000

 FY22      Christopher Dunphy               560,000                n/a                560,000                n/a                560,000

* STI payable in the financial year following the achievement of performance targets in respect of the prior financial year, as agreed with
the Board
** Benefits include company car and Kiwisaver employer contributions

Christopher Dunphy stepped down from his Executive Director role effective 28 February 2023. Craig Evans was
appointed to the role of CEO on 2 February 2023. Craig Evans does not have any short term or long term incentive
components as part of his remuneration. As discussed in the Corporate Governance section of this Report, the
Board is currently working through implementing a Company-wide profit sharing scheme for FY24. It is intended
that the CEO will participate in this Scheme once it is finalised and implemented.


Employee Remuneration

The number of employees of the Company (not being directors of the Company) who received remuneration and
other benefits in their capacity as employees during the year ended 30 June 2023 that in value was or exceeded
$100,000 per annum is set out in the table below. The remuneration amounts include all monetary amounts and
benefits actually paid during the year, including the face value of any long- term incentives that vested during the
year (which for FY23 was nil).


   Remuneration                          No. of Employees                      Remuneration                          No. of Employees

   $100,000 - $109,999                            63                           $210,000 - $219,999                             2

   $110,000 - $119,999                            67                           $230,000 - $239,999                             1

   $120,000 - $129,999                            60                           $250,000 - $259,999                             1

   $130,000 - $139,999                             41                          $300,000 - $309,999                             1

   $140,000 - $149,999                            24                           $310,000 - $319,999                             1

   $150,000 - $159,999                             11                          $350,000 - $359,999                             2

   $160,000 - $169,999                             7                           $360,000 - $369,999                             1

   $170,000 - $179,999                             5                           $410,000 - $419,999                             1

   $180,000 - $189,999                             2

   $190,000 - $199,999                             4

   $200,000 - $209,999                             2
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023         91




DISCLOSURES

DIRECTORS

The following persons were Directors of MOVE Logistics Group Limited as at 30 June 2023:


 Director

 Lorraine Witten              Independent Chair

 Christopher Dunphy           Director

 David (Grant) Devonport      Independent Director

 Danny Chan                   Independent Director

 Julia Raue                   Independent Director

 Mark Newman                  Independent Director


Peter Dryden retired as a director at the 2022 annual shareholders meeting.


DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS BY DIRECTORS

In accordance with Section 140(2) of the Companies Act 1993 the Company maintains an interests register in
which Directors interests are recorded. The following are disclosures of interest by Directors holding office at
30 June 2023 that are recorded in the interests register.

 Director             Name of Business or Entity         Nature of Activities              Nature and Extent
                                                         of that Business or Entity        of Your Interest
 Lorraine Witten      Mercury NZ Limited                 Energy Generation and Retailing   Director
                      Rakon Limited                      Global Technology Business        Chair and Shareholder
                      vWork Limited                      Software for Mobile Workforce     Director and Shareholder
                      Simply Security                    Security Guard Services           Chair and Shareholder
 Christopher          Irongate Trust                     Family Trust                      Trustee
 Dunphy
                      Balmer Jeffs and Company           Financial Advisory                Director
                      Limited
                      Dos Equis Pty Limited                                                Director and Shareholder
                      Speedmark Australia Pty Limited    Freight Forwarding                Director and Shareholder
                      Speedlink Pty Limited              Financial Investment              Director and Shareholder
                      QCoast Holdings Pty Limited        Industrial Services               Director and Shareholder
                      ADG Global Supply Limited          Industrial Services               Director and Shareholder
                      Jamieson Valley Estate             Vineyard                          Sole Proprietor
                      Christabell Maritime Pte Limited   Singaporean shipping company      Director and Shareholder
                      Generis Trade Facilitation         Trade Funding Services            Shareholder
                      Australia Pty Limited
 David (Grant)        Melbourne Airport Limited          Airport Infrastructure            Chief Financial Officer
 Devonport
                      BoudiWoudi SMSF                    Self-Managed Superannuation       Manager/Beneficiary
                                                         Fund
92   ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION




Director         Name of Business or Entity           Nature of Activities          Nature and Extent
                                                      of that Business or Entity    of Your Interest
Danny Chan       SimTutor Limited                     e-learning                    Director/Shareholder
                 Superthriller Jet Sprint Limited     Entertainment                 Shareholder
                 Fastcom Limited                      IT Services                   Shareholder
                 iMonitor Intellectual Property Ltd   Temperature Monitoring        Shareholder
                 The Digital Café Limited             Digital Promotion/Marketing   Shareholder
                 Flowerzone International Ltd         Flower Exporter               Director/Shareholder
                 Marlborough Wine Estates             Wine Manufacturer             Director
                 Group Ltd
                 Orient Pacific Management            Financial Services            Director/Shareholder
                 Limited
                 Impac Services Limited               Health and Safety Advisory    Shareholder
                 Microgem International PLC           Biomedical                    Director and Shareholder
                 New Education Investment             Private NZ Companies          Director and Shareholder
                 Limited                              (non-trading)
                 Taiwan New Zealand Screen
                 Limited
                 Turners Flower Exports N.Z.
                 Limited
                 Marino Kids Limited
                 Danting Investments Limited
                 New Zealand Yacon Limited
                 Hushaberry Limited
                 Cartier For Flowers Limited
                 APCFI Management Limited
                 Diabetic Food Limited
                 Orient Pacific Investments
                 Limited
                 The Academic Coaching
                 School Limited
                 Green Harvest Pacific Limited
                 The Curated Group Limited
                 Griff Trading Limited
                 Karaka Nurseries Limited
                 Talaford Investments Limited
                 CSCO Investments Limited
                 Orpac International Limited
                 Chai Limited
                 Orient Asset Management
                 Limited
                 Sharp Multi-Media Production
                 Limited
                 Tahere Group Limited
                 Rawhiti Manuka Honi Limited          Private NZ Company            Shareholder
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023         93




 Director             Name of Business or Entity       Nature of Activities                   Nature and Extent
                                                       of that Business or Entity             of Your Interest
 Julia Raue           The Warehouse Group Limited      Retail                                 Director and Shareholder
                      Jade Software Corporation        Data and Software                      Director
                      Limited
                      Southern Cross Medical Care      Health and Insurance                   Director
                      Society
                      Southern Cross Healthcare        Health and Insurance                   Director
                      Limited
                      Southern Cross Benefits          Health and Insurance                   Director
                      Limited
                      ROWDY Consulting Limited         Management Consultancy                 Director and Shareholder
                                                       Services
                      Southern Cross Health Trust      Health and Insurance                   Trustee
                      New Zealand Global Women         Non-government                         Trustee
                                                       Organisation
                      NZ Rugby Appointments &          Sport Governance                       Chair
                      Remuneration Committee
                      Ports of Auckland Limited        Port Operator                          An Associated Person is
                                                                                              in a Senior Management
                                                                                              Position
                      Jeeps Investments Limited        Family Investment Entity               Director and Shareholder
 Mark Newman          C and M Newman Trustee           Family Trust Corporate Trustee         Director
                      Limited

No entries were made in the interests register of any subsidiary companies during the year ended 30 June 2023.


DIRECTORS’ SHARE DEALINGS

In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, between 1 July 2022 and 30 June 2023 the Board received the
following disclosures from Directors of acquisitions of relevant interests in shares issued by the Company and
details of such dealings were entered in the Company’s interests register.


 Director                            Transaction                Number of           Price per                Date
                                                                Securities          Security

 Christopher Dunphy             Purchase of Shares –             38,000              $1.024              10 March 2023
                                     On-Market

As noted in the Company’s annual report for FY22, on 12 July 2021 Christopher Dunphy entered a call option deed
with certain founder shareholders (or interests associated with them) of the Company where he may, at his
discretion, acquire up to 5 million ordinary shares in the Company over a 36-month term from those founder
shareholders. Under this call option 2 million shares may be acquired at a price of $1.00 per share, 2 million
shares may be acquired at a price of $1.20 per share and 1 million shares may be acquired at a price of $1.50
per share. James Ramsay (who served as a director during FY22 and retired 23 November 2021) was one of the
founder shareholders. James granted a call option over 1 million shares that he held. This call option has not been
exercised in full or part during FY23.
 94     ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDINGS INTERESTS

As at 30 June 2023 the Directors of the Company had the following relevant interests in the Company’s shares.


 Director                             Ordinary Shares
 Lorraine Witten                              139,308
 Danny Chan                                 1,685,932
 Christopher Dunphy                        6,838,062*
 Mark Newman                                 832,679
 David (Grant) Devonport                      132,679

*Includes 5 million shares that are subject to the call option arrangement described above.



USE OF COMPANY INFORMATION

There were no notices from Directors of the Company pursuant to section 145 of the Companies Act 1993
requesting to use Company information received in their capacity as directors that would not otherwise have
been available them.


SUBSIDIARY COMPANY DIRECTORS

The following persons held office as Directors of subsidiary companies as at 30 June 2023. Employee directors of
subsidiary companies appointed by the Group do not receive director’s fees, remuneration or other benefits in
their capacity as directors. The remuneration and other benefits of such employees, received as employees, are
included in the relevant bands for remuneration disclosed under Employee Remuneration on page 90.

 Company                     Directors

 MOVE Investments            Christopher       David (Grant)                         Mark          Lorraine
                                                             Danny Chan                                       Julia Raue
 Limited                     Dunphy            Davenport                             Newman        Witten

 Alpha Customs
                             Craig Evans       Lee Banks          Clayton Imbs
 Services Limited

 Appian Transport            Christopher
                                               Lee Banks          Craig Evans
 Limited                     Dunphy

 Global Logistics            Christopher
                                               Lee Banks          Craig Evans
 Group Limited               Dunphy

 MOVE International          Christopher
                                               Lee Banks          Craig Evans        Dale Slade
 Limited                     Dunphy

 MOVE Logistics &    Christopher               James
                                                                  Lee Banks          Craig Evans
 Warehousing Limited Dunphy                    Watters

 Pacific Asset Leasing       Christopher       James
                                                                  Lee Banks          Craig Evans
 Limited                     Dunphy            Watters

                             Christopher       James
 MOVE Fuel Limited                                                Lee Banks          Craig Evans
                             Dunphy            Watters

 Southern Fleet              Christopher       James
                                                                  Lee Banks          Craig Evans
 Leasing Limited             Dunphy            Watters

                             Christopher
 MOVE Freight Limited                          Lee Banks          Craig Evans
                             Dunphy
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023    95




 Company                Directors

 MOVE Specialist
                        Christopher
 Lifting & Transport                     Lee Banks      Craig Evans
                        Dunphy
 Limited

 TNL International
                        Craig Evans      John Lowden    Mario Di Leva     Shayne Miers
 Limited

 MOVE Liquid Logistics Christopher       James
                                                        Craig Evans
 Limited               Dunphy            Watters


Peter Dryden stepped down as a director of MOVE Investments Limited during FY23.
Christopher Dunphy stepped down as a director of Alpha Customs Services Limited during FY23.
Christopher Knuth stepped down as a director of MOVE Freight Limited during FY23.
Christopher Knuth stepped down as a director of MOVE Specialist Lifting & Transport Limited during FY23.
Christopher Dunphy stepped down as a director of TNL International Limited during FY23.
Lee Banks stepped down as a director of MOVE Liquid Logistics Limited during FY23.


SPREAD OF SECURITY HOLDERS

As at 31 July 2023:


 Size of Shareholding               Number of Holders          Total Shares Held               % of Shares
 1-1000                                   949                          253,050                    0.20%
 1001-5000                                425                           1,173,170                 0.92%
 5001-10000                               207                         1,594,414                   1.25%
 10001-50000                              224                         4,902,931                   3.84%
 50001-100000                              38                         2,793,433                   2.19%
 100001 or more                            71                         116,897,021                91.60%
                                          1,914                    127,614,019                  100.00%


TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS

The names and holdings of the twenty largest registered shareholders in the Company as at 31 July 2023 were:


                                                                 Total Shares Held             % of Shares

 National Nominees Limited                                               17,307,601              13.56%

 New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited                       15,273,316               11.97%

 Gregory Peter Whitham                                                   9,023,227                7.07%

 Custodial Services Limited                                             8,856,933                 6.94%

 James Ramsay & Nerida Joy Ramsay & Ramsay Family
                                                                        8,339,503                 6.53%
 Trustee Limited

 Kevin Garnet Smith                                                      7,324,280                5.74%

 Larry William Stewart & Kaylene Joy Stewart & Sr Taranaki
                                                                        6,944,279                 5.44%
 Trustees Limited

 Anacacia Pty Limited                                                   6,942,960                 5.44%
 96    ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION




                                                                 Total Shares Held             % of Shares

 David Gregory Carr & Lynette Maree Duncan                            3,812,001                      2.99%

 James Ramsay & Nerida Joy Ramsay                                    3,612,902                       2.83%

 Yvonne Yu Hua Chen                                                  2,738,754                       2.15%

 New Zealand Depository Nominee                                      2,345,438                       1.84%

 Elizabeth Beatty Benjamin & Michael Murray Benjamin                  1,990,176                      1.56%

 Alan Terris                                                         1,742,862                       1.37%

 Danny Chan                                                          1,685,932                       1.32%

 Leveraged Equities Finance Limited                                  1,597,383                       1.25%

 Wairahi Investments Limited                                         1,500,000                       1.18%

 Selenium Corporation Limited                                         957,724                        0.75%

 Rangatira Limited                                                    817,307                        0.64%

 C & M Newman Trustee Limited                                         773,694                        0.61%



SUBSTANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS

The following substantial product holder information is given pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets
Conduct Act 2013 and is based on substantial product holder notices filed with the Company during FY23 and the
Company’s share register as at 30 June 2023. As at 30 June 2023, details of the substantial product holders in the
Company and their relevant interests in the Company’s ordinary shares are shown in the table below. The total
number of voting securities (fully paid ordinary shares) of the Company as at 30 June 2023 was 127,614,019.


                                                                                     Number of Shares

 NAOS Asset Management Limited                                                          16,972,048

 James Ramsay, Nerida Joy Ramsay & Ramsay Family Trustee Limited                        11,952,405

 Gregory Peter Whitham                                                                   9,023,227

 Custodial Services Limited                                                             8,856,933

 Kevin Garnet Smith                                                                      7,324,280

 Larry William Stewart & Kaylene Joy Stewart & Sr Taranaki Trustees Limited              6,944,279

 Anacacia Pty Limited                                                                   6,942,960

 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.                                                    6,267,862
ADDITIONAL STATUTORY INFORMATION                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       97




OTHER INFORMATION

Auditor’s Fees

PwC has continued to act as auditor of MOVE Logistics Group Limited.

During the year ended 30 June 2023, the amount payable by MOVE Logistics Group Limited to PwC as audit and
review fees was $352,000. The amount of fees payable to PwC for non-audit work during the year ended 30 June
2023 was $0. This is detailed in Note 8 of the Financial Statements.


Donations

The Company and its subsidiaries made donations totalling $6,000 during the year ended 30 June 2023. The
Company’s policy is for no political donations. .


NZX Waivers

There were no waivers granted by NZX or relied on by the Company in the 12 months preceding 30 June 2023.


NZX Powers

The NZX has not publicly exercised any of its powers under rule 9.9.3 of the Listing Rules in relation to the Company
in FY23.


Credit Rating Status

The Company does not hold a credit rating.
 98    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
At MOVE Logistics Group Limited (MOVE)(the Company), we believe good corporate governance is essential to
protect the interests of investors and create and enhance value over the short and long term. We are committed
to conducting business in the right way: ethically, sustainably and in line with our legal and regulatory obligations.

The Board has adopted corporate policies and procedures that reflect best practice and MOVE follows the
principles and recommendations of the NZX Corporate Governance Code (the Code). We believe that the
Company’s corporate governance practices in FY23 materially align with the Code dated 1 April 2023. The following
pages summarise our corporate governance practices and progress in FY23.

The information contained in this corporate governance statement has been prepared in accordance with NZX
Listing Rule 3.8.1(a). This governance statement is current as at 30 June 2023 and was approved by the Board on
29 August 2023.


1. ETHICAL STANDARDS
1.1 Code of Ethics
MOVE expects its Directors and employees to act with integrity and professionalism and undertake their duties
in the best interests of the Company. The Company’s Code of Ethics is available on the Company website and is
available to all team members.

The Code of Ethics is included in the New Employee Induction pack and all employees are required to attest that
they have reviewed and understand the scope of relevant governance policies. With the appointment of a new
GM People & Culture, MOVE will be establishing a framework for ongoing training on the Code of Ethics.

MOVE encourages employees to speak out if they have concerns about any area of the Company. The avenues
for doing so are detailed in the Company’s Whistleblower Policy which is on the Company website. In FY24, MOVE
will consider providing access to a third party confidential agency as part of its whistle-blowing processes.

1.2 Securities Trading Policy
MOVE’s Securities Trading Policy and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, impose limitations and requirements
on Directors and employees dealing in the Company’s shares. These limitations prohibit dealing in shares while in
possession of inside information and impose requirements for seeking consent to trade. MOVE’s Securities Trading
Policy is available in the Investor centre on MOVE’s website.

While there is no formal requirement to do so, the majority of MOVE’s directors hold shares in the company either
directly or through affiliates. Details of directors’ share dealings are set out on page 93 of this report.


2. BOARD COMPOSITION AND PERFORMANCE
2.1 Board Charter
The roles and responsibilities of the Board are detailed in the Board Charter, which is reviewed at least every two
years and is available on the Company’s website. The Board’s primary objective is to enhance shareholder value
and protect the interests of other stakeholders by improving corporate performance and accountability.

The Board has delegated authority for day-to-day leadership and management of the business to the Group
CEO, who in turn has sub-delegated authority to other Company management with specified financial and non-
financial limits. MOVE has a Delegations of Authority Policy, which is reviewed annually by the Board.

2.2 Nomination and Appointment of Directors
The number of elected Directors and the procedure for their retirement, nomination and election is set out in the
Company Constitution and NZX Listing Rules. Directors must retire and may stand for re-election by shareholders
at least every three years. A Director appointed since the previous annual meeting may hold office only until the
next annual meeting but is then eligible for re-election at that meeting.

All Directors are involved in the consideration of Board composition and nominations and take into account a
number of factors including qualifications, capability, experience, judgement and skills, and the ability to work
with other Directors. The Board is supported in this work by the Governance and Remuneration Committee. The
collective capability of the current Board is assessed against requirements and the search then focuses on finding
a board member who will best complement the current mix of capabilities on the board.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       99




Shareholders may also nominate candidates for election to the Board, in accordance with the constitution of the
Company and the NZX Listing Rules. Reference checks are carried out on all candidates and key information about
candidates is provided to shareholders to assist their decision whether or not to elect or re-elect a candidate.

Key information is provided to shareholders when a director stands for election or re-election.

2.3 Written agreements
The Company has written agreements with each Director, establishing the terms of their appointment. The
Company has arranged a policy of Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance. This policy covers the Directors and
Officers so that any monetary loss suffered by them as a result of actions undertaken by them as Directors or
Officers is insured to specified limits (subject to legal requirements and/or restrictions).

The Company has also entered a Deed of Indemnity and Access with each Director. The terms of the indemnities
granted to Directors (as permitted by the MOVE constitution) are included in these Deeds together with
information access rights and agreed procedures for the conduct of legal claims.

2.4 Director Information
As at the date of this Annual Report, the MOVE Board comprises five independent Directors and one non-
independent, non-executive Director. Profiles of Directors are available on the Company’s website and on pages
40 and 41 of this Report.

Julia Raue was appointed as a Director in May 2023. Julia has a strong background in business transformation and
digital change. Prior to Julia’s appointment to the Board, MOVE undertook a full governance review, considered its
skills matrix and identified that Julia’s skills and experience would add value to the Board. The Board considers that
Julia is an independent director in accordance with the guidance set out in the Code.

Peter Dryden resigned as a Director at the annual shareholders meeting held in October 2022. Peter’s intention to
not stand for re-election at that meeting was signalled in MOVE’s 2022 Annual Report. The Board acknowledges the
valuable contribution Peter made to MOVE during his time as a Director.

Danny Chan is scheduled to retire at the 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. He has advised the Board that he will
not be standing for re-election. The Board acknowledges and thanks Danny for the significant contribution he has
made to the business during his time as a Director, having held office since the time that MOVE became a listed
company. The Board is in the early stages of searching for a new Director to replace Danny and is considering the
optimal skill set and experience that it will seek in candidates. The Board will update Shareholders on progress with
this in due course.

The Board uses a skills matrix and considers several factors including qualifications, experience and skills of
Directors when appointing new Directors or considering Board composition. The Board is confident that the current
Directors offer valuable and complementary skills, experience and expertise that are of value to the Company.


Skill                                                             High Capability      Moderate Capability

Board/Corporate Governance                                           ●●●●                  ●●

Corporate Social Responsibility                                      ●                     ●●●●●

Customer Insight / International Market Knowledge                    ●●                    ●●●

Diversity (gender/culture/balance)                                                         ●●●●●●

Financial Expert                                                     ●●●●                  ●

Human Resources & Talent Management                                  ●●                    ●●●●

Industry Experience                                                  ●●●                   ●●●

Legal / Regulatory                                                   ●                     ●●●●●

Listed Company Governance                                            ●●●●                  ●●

Marketing                                                                                  ●●●●●●

Risk Management & Audit                                              ●●●●                  ●●

Strategic Growth / Value / Business Development                      ●●●●●                 ●

Technology - Information / Digital / Social Media                    ●●●                   ●●●
    100   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




2.4 Diversity
Diversity at MOVE refers to characteristics of individuals and includes factors such as gender, marital status,
religious beliefs, colour, race, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, political views, employment status, family
status or sexual orientation. Diversity encompasses the way MOVE’s people differ in terms of their education, life
experience, job function, work experience, personality, location and career responsibilities. The key aspects being
sought at MOVE are diversity of thought and skills, as these attributes are most likely to assist MOVE in delivering
better outcomes for its stakeholders.

MOVE is committed to equal employment opportunities and treating all individuals fairly and with respect. The
Company recognises that everyone has individual differences which can be leveraged to create stronger teams
that will ultimately drive stronger business performance.

MOVE’s approach to diversity is outlined in the Diversity Policy, which is available on the Company’s website.
Key areas of focus are:
•     Recruitment and retention of a diverse workforce;
•     Supportive working environment;
•     People development; and
•     Recognition and reward based on merit.

As at 30 June 2023, females represent 27% (FY22: 19%) of Directors and Officers of the Company (an officer is a
person who is concerned or takes part in the management of the company business and reports directly to the
Board or CEO). Females represent 19% (FY22: 14%) of all employees of the Company.

                                     FY23                       FY22

                            Female          Male      Female           Male

    Directors                  2             4             1            5

    Officers                    1            4             1            6

    All Employees             221           926           247          1,067


The Board is satisfied with the initiatives being implemented by the Company and its performance with respect to
the Diversity Policy. The Board has not currently set measurable objectives under the Policy for achieving diversity,
as the Board considers diversity outcomes can be achieved without measurable objectives.

2.6 Director Training and Education
Directors are encouraged to undertake appropriate training and education to ensure they remain current on how
to best perform their duties. In addition, management provide regular updates on relevant industry and Company
issues, including briefings from senior executives.

All Directors have access to executives to discuss issues or obtain information on specific areas in relation to
matters to be discussed at Board meetings, or other areas as they consider appropriate. The Board Committees
and Directors, subject to the approval of the Board Chair, have the right to seek independent professional advice
at the Company’s expense, to enable them to carry out their responsibilities.

2.7 Board Performance and Review
The Board monitors its own performance and will, from time to time, commission an external review to assess
the performance of individual Directors and the Board’s effectiveness (including the effectiveness of Board
Committees). An external review was last conducted and presented to the Board in June 2022. This has assisted
the Board in identifying the skills and experience desired of new Directors and to plan longer term Board
succession in a manner that ensures the Board remains fresh but also provides MOVE with governance continuity.

2.8 Director Independence
In order for a Director to be independent, the Board has determined that he or she must not be an executive of
MOVE Group and must have no disqualifying relationships. Independence is determined by the Board, having
regard to the factors described in Recommendation 2.4 of the Code. The Board has determined that, aside from
Christopher Dunphy, all current directors are independent and have no disqualifying relationships. Christopher
Dunphy is not an independent Director as he is a substantial product holder in the Company and worked in an
executive role for MOVE during the past three years.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       101




Directors are required to notify MOVE of any interests they have that could impact an assessment of their
independence or their ability to act in the best interests of MOVE. MOVE has processes in place to manage any
conflicts of interest with Directors who are interested in a matter. Directors’ interests are disclosed on page 91 to 93
of the Annual Report.

2.9 Independent Chair
MOVE’s Chair is required to be an independent Director and is elected by the Directors. Lorraine Witten was
appointed as Chair from 30 September 2021 and is considered by the Board to be independent.

2.10 Separation of the role of Chair and CEO
The Board supports the separation of the roles of Chair and CEO. MOVE’s CEO is not a Director or Chair of the
company.


3. BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has delegated a number of its responsibilities to Committees to assist in the execution of the Board’s
responsibilities. The use of Committees allows issues requiring detailed consideration to be dealt with separately
by members of the Board with specialist knowledge and experience, thereby enhancing the efficiency and
effectiveness of the Board. However, the Board retains ultimate responsibility for the functions of its Committees
and determines their responsibilities.

The Committees meet as required and have terms of reference (Charters), which are approved and reviewed by
the Board.

Minutes of each Committee meeting are available to all members of the Board, who are all entitled to attend
any Committee meeting. Each Committee is empowered to seek any information it requires from employees in
pursuing its duties and to obtain independent legal or other professional advice.

The membership and performance of each Committee is reviewed annually.

The Board committees as at 30 June 2023 were as follows:


 Committee                               Role                                    Members as at 30 June 2023


 Risk Assurance and Audit (RAAC)         Assist the Board in its oversight of    David (Grant) Devonport (Chair)
 Committee                               the integrity of financial reporting,   Danny Chan
                                         financial management and                Mark Newman
                                         controls, external audit quality
                                         and independence, and the risk
                                         management framework.


 Governance and Remuneration             Assist the Board to establish and       Mark Newman
 Committee                               maintain a strong governance            Julia Raue
                                         framework overseeing the                Chris Dunphy
                                         management of the company’s
                                         people, remuneration and diversity
                                         policies.
    102       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings for the year ended 30 June 2023 was:


                                            Board             RAAC          REM
    Total Meetings Held                        13                6           5
    Lorraine Witten                            13                5           5
    Danny Chan                                 13                5           4
    Christopher Dunphy                         13                6           3
    Mark Newman                                13                6           5
    David (Grant) Devonport                    11                6           -
    Julia Raue   1
                                               2                 1           1
    Peter Dryden2                              3                 1           2
1
    Julia Raue was appointed as a Director from 3 May 2023
2
    Peter Dryden retired as a Director at the 2022 ASM on 20 October 2022


3.1 Risk Assurance and Audit Committee
The Board has a Risk Assurance and Audit Committee which acts as a delegate of the Board on financial
reporting, internal control and risk management issues. There are a minimum of three members, who are all
independent Directors. The Chair of the Committee, Grant Devonport, is not the Chair of the Board, is independent
and has significant accounting and financial expertise. Other members of the Committee all have significant
commercial and/or financial expertise.

The role and responsibilities of the Committee are detailed in the Risk Assurance and Audit Committee Charter
which is available on MOVE’s website.

3.2 Management attendance at Audit Committee meetings
Employee (including management) attendance at all Committee meetings is by invitation only.

3.3 and 3.4 Governance and Remuneration Committee
The purpose of the Governance and Remuneration Committee is to:
•         identify and recommend individuals to the Board for nomination as members of the Board and its
          committees; and
•         oversee and regulate compensation and organisation matters affecting MOVE, including:
          -     remuneration and benefits policies;
          -     performance and remuneration of MOVE’ Directors and senior executives;
          -     management development;
          -     succession planning for the Chief Executive Officer and direct reports to the Chief Executive Officer; and
          -     major organisational changes providing a more focused and streamlined process where Board
                approval would otherwise be required.

All members of the Committee are independent Directors. Management may only attend meetings at the
invitation of the Committee.

The Governance and Remuneration Committee Charter is available on MOVE’s website.

3.5 Other Board Committees
Special purpose Committees may be formed to review and monitor specific projects with senior management.
There were no other Board Committees formed during FY23.

3.6 Takeover protocols
In the case of a takeover offer, MOVE would engage expert legal and financial advisors to provide advice on
procedure. An Independent Takeover Committee would be formed to oversee disclosure and response and
MOVE would disclose the scope of the required independent advisor reports to its shareholders. Formal Takeover
protocols have been developed and formally adopted by the Board in compliance with Recommendation 3.6 of
the Code.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023          103




4. REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE
4.1 Disclosure Policy
MOVE is committed to keeping investors and the market informed of all material information about the Company
and its performance in a timely manner. In addition to all information required by law, the Company also seeks to
provide sufficient meaningful information to ensure stakeholders and investors are well informed. The Company’s
Market Disclosure Policy sets out the principles and requirements of this commitment to timely and balanced
disclosures. The policy is available on MOVE’s website.

4.2 Access to key governance policies
MOVE takes a continuous improvement approach to corporate governance. Governance policies are reviewed
and approved by the Board on a regular basis in line with best practice.
Key governance policies and charters can be viewed on the MOVE website at
www.movelogistics.com/investors/governance.

4.3 Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for ensuring that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial
position of the Company and have been prepared using appropriate accounting policies, consistently applied
and supported by reasonable judgements, estimates; and for ensuring all relevant financial reporting and
accounting standards have been followed.

The Risk Assurance and Audit Committee oversees the quality and integrity of external financial reporting,
including the accuracy, completeness, balance and timeliness of financial statements. It reviews MOVE’s full and
half year financial statements and makes recommendations to the Board concerning accounting policies, areas
of judgement, compliance with accounting standards, stock exchange and legal requirements, and the results of
the external audit.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2023, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept
which enable, with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the financial position of the Company and facilitate
compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. All matters required to be
addressed, and for which the Committee has responsibility, were addressed during the reporting period.

Senior management has confirmed in writing that MOVE Group’s external financial reports present a true and fair
view in all material aspects.

4.4 Non-financial reporting
MOVE’s strategic pathways, set out earlier in this report, lay out the framework for a sustainable future for the
Company. MOVE is actively seeking to have a positive impact on its people, communities and the environment.
The Company believes this will have a beneficial impact on the business, thereby creating long term value for
shareholders.

MOVE periodically updates shareholders and the market on its strategy, non-financial objectives and its progress
against these objectives, in shareholder reports and newsletters and at other investor events during the year
including investor presentations and the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.

MOVE has initiatives supporting its focus on the environment, people and communities and a formal ESG
framework is being developed. MOVE will report against the mandatory climate-related disclosures regime from
FY24.

MOVE is committed to using its resources responsibly and will look for opportunities to reduce any negative
environmental risk or impact from business operations, products and services. MOVE is committed to providing fair
and responsible products and services. The Board encourages diversity, and is developing a Modern Slavery Policy.
MOVE will consider how it encourages its suppliers and contractors to stop business practices which facilitate
human rights and labour standard abuses.
 104     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




5. REMUNERATION
Remuneration of Directors and senior executives is the key responsibility of the Governance and Remuneration
Committee.

The Board promotes the alignment of the interests of the Directors, the CEO and management with the long-term
interests of shareholders. Remuneration policies and structures are reviewed regularly to ensure remuneration
of management and Directors is fair and reasonable in a competitive market for the skills, knowledge and
experience required by MOVE. External advice is also sought to ensure remuneration is benchmarked to the market
for senior management positions and Board positions.

Details of Director and executive remuneration and benefits in FY23 are provided on pages 89 to 90.

5.1 Directors’ Remuneration
While MOVE does not have a formal remuneration policy for directors, it follows the guidelines of the Code. MOVE
seeks to offer remuneration that attracts quality directors, with the right skills and experience and appropriately
compensates them for their input and time.

MOVE’s Governance and Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing and regulating compensation
matters, including remuneration of Directors. The Committee Charter is available on MOVE’s website.

Shareholders fix the total remuneration available for Directors. Approval is sought for any increase in the pool
available to pay Directors’ fees, and any recommendations to shareholders regarding Director remuneration are
provided for approval in a transparent manner. If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to
shareholders as part of the approval process.

The last increase in the total pool fee for Director remuneration was approved by shareholders in 2017 at $750,000.
The Board Charter provides that no retirement allowance is payable to a Director.

While there is no formal requirement to do so, the majority of Directors hold shares in the Company either
personally or through related interests. Directors’ share dealings and interests in the Company are detailed on
page 93 to 94.

Remuneration per annum for each Board role is as follows:


 Chair                                                       $140,000
 Non-executive Director                                       $75,000
 Chair of Risk Assurance and Audit Committee                  $10,000
 Chair Governance and Remuneration Committee                  $10,000


5.2 Executive remuneration
MOVE’s executive remuneration policies and practices are designed to attract, retain and motivate high calibre
people and create a performance-focused culture. Executive remuneration comprises a fixed component. The
Board has reviewed executive remuneration with the assistance of external independent advice. The Company
has written agreements with the Chief Executive Officer and executive team members setting out the terms of
their employment.

Short-term incentives (STIs) are at-risk share payments designed to motivate and reward for performance, in that
financial year. Some MOVE executives have received STIs however these are being phased out. During FY24, MOVE
intends to implement a Company-wide cash profit sharing scheme that aligns incentives for the MOVE team
directly with Company’s financial performance.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       105




5.3 CEO Remuneration
The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer comprises a fixed component commensurate with experience and
industry benchmarks, and participation in the profit sharing scheme intended to be finalised and implemented in
FY24.

Upon commencing the role of CEO in February 2023, Craig Evans was issued 1 million unlisted restricted share units
(RSUs) at a value of NZ$0.99 per RSU. However, Craig has subsequently surrendered these RSUs to ensure that his
incentives are aligned with the incentives offered to the wider MOVE team.

Details of CEO and Executive Director remuneration in FY23 are provided on page 90.


6. RISK MANAGEMENT
6.1 Risk Management Framework
MOVE has continued to strengthen its risk management capabilities under the direction of the Risk Assurance and
Audit Committee and the Executive Team. A dedicated internal role (Risk and Compliance Manager) supports risk
and compliance management at MOVE by developing and managing MOVE’s assurance, risk and compliance
frameworks.

The RAAC ensures MOVE has appropriate risk management policies in place and provides the Board with
assurance that key risks relevant to MOVE have been appropriately identified, managed and reported to the
Board. The RAAC regularly reports to the Board on the operation of MOVE’s risk management and internal control
processes. It is also responsible for overseeing and monitoring that MOVE’s management implements and
operates adequate risk assurance, internal controls and audit systems within MOVE. The Board as a whole is
responsible for monitoring corporate risk assessment processes and this is not delegated to a subcommittee.

The Board carries out a review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems
at least annually. MOVE’s risk management policy provides clarity on roles and responsibilities to minimise the
impact of financial, operational and sustainability risk on its business.

MOVE’s current governance and risk management structure is:


     DECISION MAKING                       BOARD OF DIRECTORS
       AUTHORITY &
     ACCOUNTABILITY
                                                EXECUTIVE



                                            LINE MANAGEMENT
                                                                                       OPERATIONAL
                                                                                       AUTHORITY &
                                               OPERATIONS                             ACCOUNTABILITY




Foundational governance and risk documents are regularly reviewed and updated to ensure MOVE continues to
find the best ways of working to achieve its business goals while remaining within risk appetite and adhering to its
regulatory obligations.

MOVE’s risk management framework has been created to ensure there is clear ownership and delegation of
responsibility for the management and oversight of risks and to support the appropriate flow of information
throughout the Group.
    106    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




MOVE assesses its risks by understanding the likelihood of occurrence and the potential consequences using the
following categories:

Current key risks are:
•         Economy - Heightened economic or market uncertainty could impair long-term planning affecting revenue
          optimisation and growth.
•         Financial risk - The risk that MOVE will not be able to meet its debt repayment obligations when they fall due.
•         Climate change and sustainability - Physical climate impacts and related policy and/or market changes
          may disrupt our operations or impact demand for our services.
•         Execution of strategy - Poor reputation; loss of revenue; loss of large customers; loss of business, loss-
          making contracts.
•         Cyber-security - A cyber-attack could result in lost integrity or access to information, loss of control systems
          or a significant data privacy breach.
•         Health & Safety - Events that could adversely affect employee health and wellbeing.

6.2 Health and safety
Staying safe, keeping others safe, and being responsible are fundamental to what MOVE is as an organisation.
Operating the business in this way helps deliver on MOVE’s vision of “No Harm to People, the Environment or Assets”.
Paying close attention to safety, wellbeing, sustainability, ethics and integrity go hand in hand with that vision.

The Board is committed to ensuring a high quality, safe and healthy environment for all of MOVE’s people, visitors,
partners and those in the community.

People safety is a key priority, one of MOVE’s core values and an essential component across the business. MOVE is
committed to developing, improving and reinforcing its safety culture, including by improving leadership capacity,
simplifying tools and systems and requiring ‘near-miss’ reporting.

Safety performance is tracked to identify patterns to help prevent incidents. “Health, Safety and Sustainability”
results and reported data from each Business Unit and at a Group level, are reviewed at each National Health &
Safety Committee Meeting. The Committee is an executive group that meets monthly for the purposes of health
and safety management across the Group. In addition, the Board receives monthly reports on the health and
safety performance across the Group, including performance against plan, near miss reporting, progress with
safety related initiatives and reviewing lead and lag indicators of performance.

In recent years, further steps were taken to operationalise the safety and sustainability teams with a revised focus
and functional framework, using improved measurement and analytics tools, “in cab” and other technologies that
move reporting beyond traditional safety metrics, bringing factors like weather and vehicle data into the picture,
to identify leading indicators of injuries and illness and factoring learnings into revised safety practices in all parts
of the business.

In addition, an independent external review of the Company’s health and safety management system was
undertaken and the Company was admitted into the Accident Compensation Corporation’s Accredited
Employer Program. As a company with over 900 vehicles in the fleet, road safety is a critical risk factor. MOVE
has a dedicated team of driver trainers to educate and support drivers, alongside the increased use of in cab
technologies. An increasing mitigation focus is on the risks generally in MOVE’s warehouses, freight depots and
cross docks.

The Company’s injury frequency rates provide a lag indicator of performance with LTIFR rates reducing for the third
year in a row and a strong improvement in TRIFR.


                                                           2019          2020         2021         2022          2023

    Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR)                26.36        24.50         19.84         15.81        14.72

    Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)         71.35         62.18        63.5         46.75        29.96
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      107




7. AUDITORS
7.1 External audit
For the year ended 30 June 2023, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) was the external auditor of MOVE Group Limited.
PwC was first appointed as auditor in 2017. The most recent Audit Partner rotation occurred in 2021, with the next
rotation due no later than 2026.

The RAAC monitors the relationship and communications with the external auditors, and monitors ongoing
independence, quality and performance. The RAAC also monitors audit partner rotation.

The RAAC pre-approves any non-audit work undertaken by PwC. The non-audit services in the year ended 30 June
2023 are set out on page 97. Those services were provided in accordance with the company’s External Auditor
Independence Policy and were assessed by the RAAC as not affecting PwC’s independence. The fees paid for
audit and non-audit services in FY23 is identified on page 97 of the Annual Report.

PwC has provided the MOVE Board with written confirmation that, in their view, they were able to operate
independently during the year.

7.2 Attendance at Annual Meeting
The external auditors attend the Annual Shareholders Meeting and are available to answer questions from
shareholders relevant to the audit.

7.3 Internal Audit
MOVE has an Internal Audit Framework and Annual Plan which is overseen by the RAAC. MOVE continues to
outsource the majority of its internal audit work while it assesses the long-term requirements for an internal audit
in-house function.

The internal audit function for MOVE’s business needs a broad range of skills to be effective and comprehensive.
There is also a requirement for expertise in a growing range of specialist skills such as IT audit; data mining;
data analytics and in-depth knowledge of different regulatory regimes. Outsourcing the Internal Audit function
means having access to specialist expertise, innovations in the latest audit techniques and technology and the
opportunity for benchmarking.

The reports from the Internal Audits are presented to the RAAC who then monitors performance against the audit
recommendations.

During FY24, MOVE will continue to develop and further refine the options in the Internal Audit function to meet the
future needs of the business.


8. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RELATIONS
8.1 Investor website
Easy access to financial, operational and governance information is available through the Investor Centre on
company’s website at www.movelogistics.com/investors/governance.

8.2 Engagement with shareholders
The Board is committed to open and regular dialogue and engagement with shareholders. MOVE has developed
an investor relations programme which includes regular dialogue with investors, analysts and investor meetings,
and earnings announcements. The programme is designed to provide shareholders and other market
participants the opportunity to obtain information, express views and ask questions.

Shareholders are actively encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting and may raise matters for discussion at this
event. Shareholders are also able to vote by proxy ahead of meetings without having to physically attend those
meetings. In 2022, MOVE held a hybrid meeting to allow shareholders to participate in person or online.

Shareholders are encouraged to communicate with the Company and its share registry electronically.
Approximately 67% of MOVE’s shareholders have opted in for email communications.

In addition to shareholders, MOVE has a wide range of stakeholders and maintains open channels of
communication for all audiences in New Zealand and Australia, including brokers, the investing community and
the New Zealand Shareholders’ Association, as well as its employees, suppliers and customers.
 108   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




8.3 Voting on major decisions
In accordance with the NZX Listing Rules, MOVE refers major decisions which may change the nature of MOVE’s
business to shareholders for approval. All voting by shareholders is undertaken by poll, upholding the ‘one share,
one vote’ requirement of the NZX Listing Rules.

8.4 Equity offers
MOVE did not undertake any capital raising during FY23. Should MOVE consider raising additional capital, MOVE will
structure the offer having regard to likely levels of shareholder participation and optimising and enhancing the
ability to maximise the level of capital raised. Subject to these factors the Board will look to give all shareholders a
proportionate opportunity to participate in any capital raising.

8.5 Notice of meeting
MOVE aims to provide at least 20 working days of the notice of the Annual Shareholders Meeting, which is posted
on MOVE’s website, announced to the NZX and ASX markets and sent to shareholders prior to the meeting each
year. This goal was achieved in 2022.


 NZX Code Principle                   NZX Code                    Key Difference                    Status
                                   Recommendation

 Board Composition and        2.5 The Board should set      The Board has not set         The Board considers that
 Performance                  measurable objectives for     measurable objectives         diversity outcomes can
                              achieving diversity           under the Policy              be achieved without
                                                                                          measurable objectives

 Remuneration                 5.1 The Board should have     MOVE does not have a          The Board follows the
                              a remuneration policy for     formal remuneration           guidelines of the NZX
                              directors                     policy for Directors          Corporate Governance
                                                                                          Code and seeks to
                                                                                          offer remuneration
                                                                                          that attracts quality
                                                                                          directors, with the right
                                                                                          skills and experience
                                                                                          and appropriately
                                                                                          compensates them for
                                                                                          their input and time.
                                                                                          Directors’ salaries are
                                                                                          disclosed in the Annual
                                                                                          Report on page 89.
      REGISTERED OFFICE AND
       ADDRESS FOR SERVICE
330 Devon Street East, New Plymouth
          0800 845 5494
        movelogistics.com

             AUDITORS
     PricewaterhouseCoopers
PwC Centre, Level 4, 60 Cashel Street
           Christchurch

             BANKERS
             ANZ Bank
    23-29 Albert Street, Auckland

              SOLICITORS
           Duncan Cotterill
Level 2, Chartered Accountants House,
  50 Custom House Quay, Wellington

           SHARE REGISTRAR
     Link Market Services Limited
Deloitte Centre, 80 Queen St, Auckland
