Regaining
Momentum
Rogers 2022 Annual Report
    About the Company


    Our Purpose

    To connect Canadians
    where and when
    they want




      03                                 04          06              08
      About                              A Message   A Message       Executive
      Rogers                             from        from            Leadership
                                         Tony        Edward          Team




     09                                  10          152
     Directors                           2022        Corporate and
                                         Financial   shareholder
                                         Report      information




2   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
About Rogers

We are a team of proud
Canadians dedicated
to delivering the best
networks, the most
reliable services, and
the most compelling
entertainment to millions
of Canadians.




                            Our founder, Ted Rogers, believed
                            in the power of communication to
                            enrich, entertain, and embolden
                            Canadians. He followed in his father’s
                            footsteps, and at the age of 27,
                            purchased his first radio station, CHFI.
                            From these modest beginnings,
                            Rogers has grown to become a
                            leading Canadian technology and
                            media company, that works hard to
                            be the first choice for Canadians.




                                 ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT   3
    A Message
    from Tony


    My Fellow Shareholders,                                  These improvements were also reflected in our total
                                                             shareholder return, which was up 9%. By comparison,
                                                             our two national competitors had negative returns of
    I am pleased to share our results and performance        minus 4% and minus 8%, and the TSX and Dow Jones
    for last year.                                           were down 5% and 7%, respectively.

    2022 was a transformative year for our company.          We achieved these results against the backdrop of a
    In previous years, our performance had lagged our        lingering pandemic, a new executive team, one of the
    peers and we had lost our leadership footing.            largest proposed mergers in Canadian history, and an
                                                             unprecedented network outage.
    Together, with our management team, we set a clear
    plan to re-establish our leadership position and to
    deliver sustained, strong results. In short, we set a    Disciplined execution
    plan to turn around our performance.
                                                             Despite these challenges, we did not get distracted.
    One year later, I am very pleased to share we have       We remain focused on driving disciplined execution
    made significant progress. Across critical metrics,      and you see this reflected in our performance.
    such as financial growth and customer share gains,
                                                             In Wireless, we grew service revenue by 7% and
    we went from consistently ranking third on most
                                                             adjusted EBITDA by 6%. We added a combined
    metrics relative to our competitors, to now ranking
                                                             634,000 postpaid and prepaid mobile phone net
    first on the vast majority.
                                                             additions, our strongest result in 15 years and the
                                                             best performance in our industry. Once again, we are
    Regaining momentum                                       leading the industry in market share.

    In 2022 we returned to top-and bottom-line growth        In Media, we grew revenue by 15% and we turned
    and achieved our 2022 guidance ranges.                   $127 million of losses in 2021 into $69 million of profit
                                                             in 2022. Our Media performance clearly stood out in
    Total service revenue grew by 6% and adjusted
                                                             the industry reflecting the quality of our assets and
    EBITDA grew by 9%.
                                                             the team's execution capability.
    Importantly, these results did not come at the
                                                             In Cable, while we faced the most aggressive
    expense of investment.
                                                             in-market promotional activity we have seen in recent
    In 2022, we invested a record $3.1 billion in capital    years, we delivered adjusted EBITDA growth of 2%,
    including $2.6 billion in technology and networks.       while revenue was flat.
    Despite this sizeable investment, free cash flow
                                                             Despite significant volatility, we met our upgraded
    excluding Shaw financing for the year was $2.0 billion
                                                             guidance for the year, and set a strong foundation
    and we paid over $1 billion in dividends to
                                                             for growth.
    our shareholders.
                                                             While there is more work to do, I am pleased that
                                                             we have regained momentum.



4   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
“As I look ahead, we remain
steadfast in our goal to be number
one in our core businesses — Cable,
Wireless and Media.”



Robust outlook

Looking ahead to 2023, we expect to see healthy
growth in total service revenue and adjusted             Clear vision for the future
EBITDA, driven by population growth, smartphone          As I look ahead, we remain steadfast in our goal to be
penetration and 5G data adoption.                        number one in our core businesses of Cable, Wireless
Free cash flow is expected to continue to grow, as       and Media.
we deliver another year of record investment in our      We plan to achieve this goal by building the biggest
customers and our networks.                              and best network, by making our services reliable
In 2023, we plan to invest roughly $650 million more     and easy to use, by becoming the first choice for
in our wireless and wireline networks to expand our      Canadians, by investing in Canada and by being the
coverage and enhance reliability for our customers.      growth leader in our industry.
We will continue to expand Canada’s largest 5G           We have a clear plan, the right team, and the
network and enhance our wireline network with fibre      right foundation to capitalize on the key growth
technology and DOCSIS 4.0.                               opportunities ahead.

                                                         In closing, I am proud of the speed and magnitude of
One national company                                     our turnaround.

In 2022, we made significant headway in our journey      I would like to thank our entire team for their
to conclude our merger with Shaw.                        relentless focus, disciplined execution, and firm
                                                         commitment to our customers. I would like to thank
In August, Quebecor agreed to acquire Freedom            the board for their support, and our customers and
and Rogers agreed to acquire Shaw’s wireline             shareholders for their loyalty.
business. These transactions went through a lengthy
judicial process that concluded they would increase      As Ted would say, the best is yet to come.
competition in both wireless and wireline. We are now
awaiting final regulatory approval.
                                                         Tony Staffieri
Rogers, together with Shaw, would become one             President and Chief Executive Officer
strong, national cable, media, and wireless company.
Together, with our scale and breadth of assets, it
would allow us to add more value for our customers
by bundling our services and offering faster, more
                                                         “We have a clear plan, the right
reliable networks in more places.
                                                         team, and the right foundation
We look forward to closing this transformative merger
                                                         to capitalize on the key growth
and delivering its many benefits to our customers, our
communities, and our country.                            opportunities ahead.”


                                                                          ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT   5
    A Message
    from Edward


    My Fellow Shareholders,                                   Investing for the long-term

                                                              Looking to the future, Rogers has proudly invested
                                                              to bring Canadians the latest technology, world-class
    As a Board, our focus is on the long-term growth and
                                                              services, and the content they want for over 60 years.
    success of Rogers, driven by the right investments and
    the right decisions.                                      We have the privilege and honour of serving millions
                                                              of Canadians, and connecting them to their friends,
    In 2022, Tony Staffieri, his management team and
                                                              family, and the world around them. This requires
    Rogers’ employees, did a remarkable job turning
                                                              significant investment in technology, and the
    around the performance of the company, moving
                                                              networks that power the economy, fuel businesses,
    us from number three on most key value metrics to
                                                              and connect communities.
    number one in one short year.
                                                              As a family-controlled public company, we take a
    They achieved these results through a clear plan
                                                              long-term view. We don’t think in quarters, or years,
    of action, a disciplined focus on execution, and a
                                                              we think in decades. This has been our hallmark for
    strong sense of accountability. Collectively the team
                                                              the past 60 years, and it will be our hallmark for the
    delivered on their upgraded guidance, set robust
                                                              next 60.
    growth targets for 2023, and laid a strong foundation
    for growth.                                               Since 1985, we have invested $40 billion in our
                                                              wireless networks and $24 billion in our cable
    After a few years of stagnating performance, we
                                                              networks to deliver world-class wireless and Internet
    have reignited our competitive spirit and our goal
                                                              service. Every year we reinvest 85% of our profits back
    to be number one. Competent, hardworking and
                                                              into our country - that’s why Canadians enjoy some of
    transparent management has made a real difference.
                                                              the best networks in the world.
    As we look ahead, Rogers together with Shaw will
                                                              Our networks are the backbone of Canada’s digital
    provide the opportunity to propel the company
                                                              economy, and I am proud to share that we will invest
    to stronger performance, deploy capital and next
                                                              another $20 billion in technology over the next five
    generation services faster, and drive more formidable
                                                              years to expand and upgrade our networks, improve
    competition with the other national carriers. Together,
                                                              the customer experience, and grow our company.
    we will have the scale to bundle our services
    nationally, deliver more choice to consumers and          In 2022, Rogers invested a record $3.1 billion in
    businesses, invest substantially in Western Canada,       capital, the vast majority of which is in our networks.
    and connect more rural, remote, and Indigenous            Through this investment, we continued to expand our
    communities.                                              5G network, Canada’s largest, which reached over
                                                              1,900 urban and rural communities across the country
    I have never been more confident in our Board, our
                                                              by the end of the year.
    management team, and our future.




6   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
In 2023, Rogers will deliver its most ambitious
technology capital plan to date, investing almost
$650 million more than we did pre-pandemic. These
investments will expand and strengthen our national
networks to reach more Canadians and it will upgrade
our systems to bring customers easy-to-use products
and services.


Investing in Canadian content

In the past ten years, we have invested $6.4 billion
to produce Canadian content including everything
from local news to live sports, to multicultural             Paying tribute
programming, to Canadian documentaries
                                                             Over the past year, two long-standing members of
and comedies.
                                                             our Board passed away. In June, my mother, Loretta
Through Rogers Group of Funds, we provide grants,            Rogers passed. Loretta joined the board in 1964,
equity investment and production loans to support            five short years after the company was founded. She
the creation of independent Canadian film, television,       believed passionately in our company and supported
and documentaries. Since 1980, we have funded over           its growth through her role on the board for 57 years.
2,600 projects to bring new and different voices to          After Ted passed, she devoted herself to keeping his
Canadian content.                                            vision alive and making Rogers the absolute best it
                                                             could be.

                                                             In January of this year, Alan Horn passed away.
Investing in the community
                                                             During his 32 years with the company, he substantially
We also believe we need to do our part to help build         strengthened the company’s balance sheet, turned
a better future for all Canadians. In 2022, we invested      the company’s debt from junk bond to investment
$76 million to help our communities thrive.                  grade, brought the Rogers operating companies
                                                             under one public stock, and acted as a close, trusted
Through Ted Rogers Scholarships, Ted Rogers
                                                             advisor to Ted and myself. During his tenure, he
Community Grants and Jays Care Foundation we
                                                             served as our Chief Financial Officer, was twice acting
helped 60,000 youth reach their full potential.
                                                             Interim President and CEO and served as Chair. He
Through our Connected for Success program, we                was a key steward of the company and a critical part
offer 750,000 low-income households access to                of our success.
high-speed Internet for less than $10 a month,
                                                             While we will sorely miss both Loretta and Alan,
connecting them to everything from employment
                                                             their legacies will live on through our employees.
opportunities to educational endeavours. Programs
such as this are critical to bridge the digital divide and   In closing, I would like to thank the management
ensure all Canadians have access to technology that is       team, and all Rogers employees for their hard work
vital to their livelihood.                                   and dedication to deliver for our customers and
                                                             our shareholders.
We also support our communities by making sure
our front-line representatives are based where our
customers live and work, so that jobs stay at home
                                                             Edward S. Rogers
and agents understand their needs. We are the only
                                                             Chair of the Board
national provider committed to 100% Canadian
                                                             Rogers Communications Inc.
call centres.




                                                                              ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT   7
    Executive Leadership Team
    As at March 9, 2023




    1. Tony Staffieri                                7. Ron McKenzie
       President and                                    Chief Technology & Information Officer
       Chief Executive Officer
                                                    8. Colette S. Watson
    2. Glenn A. Brandt                                 President, Rogers Sports & Media
       Chief Financial Officer
                                                    9. Mahes S. Wickramasinghe
    3. Robert Dépatie                                  Chief Administrative Officer
       President and Chief Operating Officer,
       Home & Business
                                                    10. Ted Woodhead
                                                        Chief Regulatory Officer and
    4. Lisa L. Durocher                                 Government Affairs
       Executive Vice President, Financial and
       Emerging Services
                                                    11. Marisa L. Wyse
                                                        Chief Legal Officer and
    5. Phil J. Hartling                                 Corporate Secretary
       President, Wireless


    6. Bret D. Leech
       Chief Human Resources Officer




8   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                               Directors
                                                                                As at March 9, 2023




1. Edward S. Rogers                         7.   John (Jake) C. Kerr , C.M., O.B.C.
   Chair of the Board
   Chair of the Finance, Nominating, and    8. Dr. Mohamed Lachemi
   Executive Committees
                                            9. Philip B. Lind, C.M.
2. Jack L. Cockwell, C.M.                      Vice Chair

3. Michael J. Cooper                       10. David A. Robinson

4. Ivan Fecan                              11. Martha L. Rogers
   Chair of the Human Resources                Chair of the ESG Committee
   Committee
                                           12. Melinda M. Rogers-Hixon
5. Robert J. Gemmell                           Deputy Chair
   Lead Director
   Chair of the Corporate Governance and   13. Tony Staffieri
   Audit and Risk Committees                   President and
                                               Chief Executive Officer
6. Jan L. Innes
   Chair of the Pension Committee




                                                      ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT   9
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         2022 Financial Report
         11   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                       44   Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources
                                                                              44 Sources and Uses of Cash
         13   Executive Summary                                               48 Financial Condition
              13 About Rogers                                                 51 Financial Risk Management
              13 2022 Highlights                                              54 Dividends and Share Information
              15 Financial Highlights                                         56 Commitments and Contractual Obligations
                                                                              56 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
         16   Shaw Transaction
                                                                         57   Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
         18   Understanding Our Business                                      57 Environmental and Social
              18 Products and Services                                        60 Governance at Rogers
              19 Competition                                                  62 Income Tax and Other Government Payments
              21 Industry Trends
                                                                         63   Risk Management
         23   Our Strategy, Key Performance Drivers, and Strategic            63 Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business
              Highlights                                                      71 Controls and Procedures
              23 2022 Focus Areas
              23 Key Performance Drivers and 2022 Strategic Highlights   72   Regulation in our Industry
              23 2023 Objectives                                              74 Wireless
              24 Financial and Operating Guidance                             76 Cable

         26   Capability to Deliver Results                              79   Other Information
              26 Leading Networks                                             79 Accounting Policies
              28 Customer Experience                                          83 Key Performance Indicators
              29 Powerful Brands                                              85 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures
              29 Widespread Product Distribution                              88 Summary of Financial Results of Long-Term Debt
              29 First-Class Media Content                                        Guarantor
              30 Engaged People                                               89 Five-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Results
              30 Financial Strength and Flexibility
              30 Widespread Shareholder Base and Dividends

         31   2022 Financial Results
              31 Summary of Consolidated Results
              32 Key Changes in Financial Results Year Over Year
              33 Wireless
              34 Cable
              35 Media
              36 Capital Expenditures
              37 Review of Consolidated Performance
              40 Quarterly Results
              43 Overview of Financial Position




10   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) contains              assumptions about, among other things, our business, operations,
important information about our business and our performance for       and financial performance and condition approved by our
the year ended December 31, 2022. This MD&A should be read in          management on the date of this MD&A. This forward-looking
conjunction with our 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial               information and these assumptions include, but are not limited to,
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with                statements about our objectives and strategies to achieve those
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the    objectives, and about our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations,
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                       estimates, or intentions.

All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.    Forward-looking information:
All percentage changes are calculated using the rounded numbers        • typically includes words like could, expect, may, anticipate,
as they appear in the tables. This MD&A is current as at March 9,        assume, believe, likely, intend, estimate, plan, project, predict,
2023 and was approved by RCI’s Board of Directors (the Board).           potential, guidance, outlook, target, and similar expressions,
This MD&A includes forward-looking statements and assumptions.           although not all forward-looking information includes them;
See “About Forward-Looking Information” for more information.          • includes conclusions, forecasts, and projections that are based
                                                                         on our current objectives and strategies and on estimates,
We, us, our, Rogers, Rogers Communications, and the Company
                                                                         expectations, assumptions, and other factors, that we believe to
refer to Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries. RCI refers
                                                                         have been reasonable at the time they were applied but may
to the legal entity Rogers Communications Inc., not including its
                                                                         prove to be incorrect; and
subsidiaries. Rogers also holds interests in various investments and
                                                                       • was approved by our management on the date of this MD&A.
ventures.
                                                                       Our forward-looking information includes conclusions, forecasts,
We are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A
                                                                       and projections related to the following items, among others:
and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: RCI).
                                                                       • revenue;
Effective January 1, 2022, we changed the way in which we report       • total service revenue;
certain subscriber metrics in both our Wireless and Cable              • adjusted EBITDA;
segments such that we began presenting postpaid mobile phone           • capital expenditures and capital expenditures excluding Shaw;
subscribers, prepaid mobile phone subscribers, and mobile phone        • cash income tax payments;
ARPU in our Wireless segment. We also no longer report blended         • free cash flow and free cash flow excluding Shaw;
average billings per unit (ABPU). In Cable, we began presenting        • dividend payments;
retail Internet, Video (formerly Television), Smart Home Monitoring,   • the growth of new products and services;
and Home Phone subscribers. These changes are a result of shifts       • expected growth in subscribers and the services to which they
in the ways in which we manage our business, including the               subscribe;
significant adoption of our wireless device financing program, and     • the cost of acquiring and retaining subscribers and deployment
to better align with industry practices. See “Key Performance            of new services;
Indicators” for more information. We have retrospectively amended      • continued cost reductions and efficiency improvements;
our 2021 comparative segment results to account for this               • our debt leverage ratio;
redefinition.                                                          • statements relating to plans we have implemented in response
                                                                         to COVID-19 and its impact on us;
In this MD&A, first quarter refers to the three months ended           • the expected timing and completion of the Shaw Transaction
March 31, 2022, second quarter refers to the three months ended          and the Freedom Transaction (as defined below), including the
June 30, 2022, third quarter refers to the three months ended            associated processes and timelines to obtain the receipt of
September 30, 2022, fourth quarter refers to the three months            applicable approvals under the Competition Act (Canada) and
ended December 31, 2022, this year refers to the twelve months           the Radiocommunication Act (Canada) (collectively, Key
ended December 31, 2022, and last year refers to the twelve              Regulatory Approvals);
months ended December 31, 2021. All results commentary is              • the benefits expected to result from the Shaw Transaction,
compared to the equivalent periods in 2021 or as at December 31,         including corporate, operational, scale, and other synergies, and
2021, as applicable, unless otherwise indicated.                         their anticipated timing;
Trademarks in this MD&A are owned by Rogers Communications             • the terms and the conditions of Freedom Transaction; and
Inc. or an affiliate. This MD&A also includes trademarks of other      • all other statements that are not historical facts.
parties. The trademarks referred to in this MD&A may be listed         Specific forward-looking information included in this MD&A
without the ™ symbols. ©2023 Rogers Communications                     includes, but is not limited to, information and statements under
                                                                       “Financial and Operating Guidance” relating to our 2023
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION                                      consolidated guidance on total service revenue, adjusted EBITDA,
                                                                       capital expenditures excluding Shaw, and free cash flow excluding
This MD&A includes “forward-looking information” and                   Shaw. All other statements that are not historical facts are
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable          forward-looking information.
securities laws (collectively, “forward-looking information”), and




                                                                                              2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   11
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         We base our conclusions, forecasts, and projections (including the         financing the Shaw Transaction; the anticipated benefits and
         aforementioned guidance) on a number of estimates,                         successful integration of the businesses and operations of Rogers
         expectations, assumptions, and other factors, including, among             and Shaw; and the other risks outlined in “Risks and Uncertainties
         others:                                                                    Affecting our Business – Shaw Transaction” in this MD&A;
         • general economic and industry conditions;                              • new interpretations and new accounting standards from
         • currency exchange rates and interest rates;                              accounting standards bodies; and
         • product pricing levels and competitive intensity;                      • the other risks outlined in “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our
         • subscriber growth;                                                       Business”.
         • pricing, usage, and churn rates;
                                                                                  These risks, uncertainties, and other factors can also affect our
         • changes in government regulation;
                                                                                  objectives, strategies, and intentions. Many of these risks,
         • technology and network deployment;
                                                                                  uncertainties, and other factors are beyond our control or our
         • availability of devices;
                                                                                  current expectations or knowledge. Should one or more of these
         • timing of new product launches;
                                                                                  risks, uncertainties, or other factors materialize, our objectives,
         • content and equipment costs;
                                                                                  strategies, or intentions change, or any other factors or
         • the integration of acquisitions;
                                                                                  assumptions underlying the forward-looking information prove
         • industry structure and stability; and
                                                                                  incorrect, our actual results and our plans could vary significantly
         • the impact of COVID-19 on our operations, liquidity, financial
                                                                                  from what we currently foresee.
           condition, or results.
                                                                                  Accordingly, we warn investors to exercise caution when
         Except as otherwise indicated, this MD&A and our forward-looking
                                                                                  considering statements containing forward-looking information
         information do not reflect the potential impact of any non-recurring
                                                                                  and caution them that it would be unreasonable to rely on such
         or other special items or of any dispositions, monetization events,
                                                                                  statements as creating legal rights regarding our future results or
         mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations, or other
                                                                                  plans. We are under no obligation (and we expressly disclaim any
         transactions that may be considered or announced or may occur
                                                                                  such obligation) to update or alter any statements containing
         after the date on which the statement containing the
                                                                                  forward-looking information or the factors or assumptions
         forward-looking information is made.
                                                                                  underlying them, whether as a result of new information, future
                                                                                  events, or otherwise, except as required by law. All of the forward-
         RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES                                                  looking information in this MD&A is qualified by the cautionary
         Actual events and results can be substantially different from what is    statements herein.
         expressed or implied by forward-looking information as a result of
         risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond
                                                                                  BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION
         our control, including, but not limited to:
                                                                                  Before making any investment decisions and for a detailed
         • regulatory changes;
                                                                                  discussion of the risks, uncertainties, and environment associated
         • technological changes;
                                                                                  with our business, its operations, and its financial performance and
         • economic, geopolitical, and other conditions affecting
                                                                                  condition, fully review the sections in this MD&A entitled
            commercial activity;
                                                                                  “Regulation in our Industry”, “Risk Management”, and
         • unanticipated changes in content or equipment costs;
                                                                                  “Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)”, as well as our
         • changing conditions in the entertainment, information, and/or
                                                                                  various other filings with Canadian and US securities regulators,
            communications industries;
                                                                                  which can be found at sedar.com and sec.gov, respectively.
         • sports-related work stoppages or cancellations and labour
            disputes;
         • the integration of acquisitions;                                       FOR MORE INFORMATION
         • litigation and tax matters;                                            You can find more information about us, including our Annual
         • the level of competitive intensity;                                    Information Form, on our website (investors.rogers.com), on
         • the emergence of new opportunities;                                    SEDAR (sedar.com), and on EDGAR (sec.gov), or you can e-mail us
         • external threats, such as epidemics, pandemics, and other public       at investor.relations@rci.rogers.com. Information on or connected
            health crises, natural disasters, the effects of climate change, or   to these and any other websites referenced in this document does
            cyberattacks, among others;                                           not constitute part of this MD&A.
         • risks related to the Shaw Transaction and the Freedom Transaction,     You can also find information about our governance practices,
            including the timing, receipt, and conditions related to the Key      corporate social responsibility reporting, a glossary of
            Regulatory Approvals; satisfaction of the various conditions to       communications and media industry terms, and additional
            close the Shaw Transaction and the Freedom Transaction;               information about our business at investors.rogers.com.




12   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Executive Summary
ABOUT ROGERS
Rogers is a leading Canadian technology and media company that                             Almost all of our operations and sales are in Canada. We have a
provides communications services and entertainment to                                      highly skilled and diversified workforce of approximately 22,000
consumers and businesses. Our shares are publicly traded on the                            employees. Our head office is in Toronto, Ontario and we have
Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New                               numerous offices across Canada. We report our results of
York Stock Exchange (NYSE: RCI).                                                           operations in three reportable segments. See “Understanding Our
                                                                                           Business” for more information.

2022 HIGHLIGHTS
KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                                Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars, except margins and per share amounts)                                                                                  2022           2021       % Chg
Consolidated
Total revenue                                                                                                                                  15,396         14,655            5
Total service revenue 1                                                                                                                        13,305         12,533            6
Adjusted EBITDA 2                                                                                                                               6,393          5,887            9
Adjusted EBITDA margin 2                                                                                                                        41.5%          40.2%      1.3 pts

Net income                                                                                                                                      1,680          1,558             8
Adjusted net income 2                                                                                                                           1,915          1,803             6

Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                   $     3.33     $     3.09             8
Adjusted basic earnings per share 2                                                                                                        $     3.79     $     3.57             6

Capital expenditures 3                                                                                                                          3,075          2,788           10
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                           4,493          4,161            8
Free cash flow 2                                                                                                                                1,773          1,671            6
Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing 2                                                                                                       1,985          1,671           19
Wireless
Service revenue                                                                                                                                7,131          6,666             7
Revenue                                                                                                                                        9,197          8,768             5
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                                4,469          4,214             6
Adjusted EBITDA service margin 4                                                                                                               62.7%          63.2%      (0.5 pts)
Adjusted EBITDA margin 5                                                                                                                       48.6%          48.1%       0.5 pts

Cable
Revenue                                                                                                                                        4,071          4,072             –
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                                2,058          2,013             2
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                         50.6%          49.4%       1.2 pts

Media
Revenue                                                                                                                                         2,277          1,975          15
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                                    69           (127)        n/m
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                           3.0%         (6.4)%      9.4 pts
n/m – not meaningful
1 As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.

2 Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure. Adjusted EBITDA margin is a supplementary financial measure. Adjusted basic earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio. Adjusted

  net income and free cash flow excluding Shaw financing are non-GAAP financial measures; adjusted net income is a component of adjusted basic earnings per share. Free cash
  flow is a capital management measure. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other
  companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information about these measures.
3 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition, but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences, additions to right-of-use assets, or

  assets acquired through business combinations.
4 Calculated using Wireless service revenue.

5 Calculated using Wireless total revenue.




                                                                                                                        2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                 |   13
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                                                                                                                             As at or years ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                     2022          2021              Chg

         Subscriber results (in thousands) 1
         Wireless postpaid mobile phone net additions                                                                                                545            403              142
         Wireless prepaid mobile phone net additions (losses)                                                                                         89            (94)             183
         Wireless mobile phone subscribers                                                                                                        10,647         10,013              634

         Retail Internet net additions                                                                                                                 52             71              (19)
         Retail Internet subscribers 2                                                                                                              2,284          2,229               55

         Video net additions (losses)                                                                                                                  32             (9)              41
         Video subscribers 2                                                                                                                        1,525          1,491               34

         Smart Home Monitoring net losses                                                                                                             (12)           (18)               6
         Smart Home Monitoring subscribers 2                                                                                                          101            113              (12)

         Home Phone net losses                                                                                                                        (76)           (90)              14
         Home Phone subscribers 2                                                                                                                     836            911              (75)

         Customer relationships net additions                                                                                                           6             31              (25)
         Total customer relationships 2                                                                                                             2,590          2,581                9

         Additional Wireless metrics 1
         Postpaid mobile phone churn (monthly)                                                                                                    0.90%          0.88%         0.02 pts
         Mobile phone ARPU (monthly) 1,3                                                                                                        $ 57.89        $ 56.83        $   1.06

         Additional Cable metrics 1
         ARPA (monthly) 1,3                                                                                                                     $130.12        $132.58       ($      2.46)
         Penetration                                                                                                                              53.9%          54.9%            (1.0 pts)

         Ratios
         Capital intensity 1,3                                                                                                                     20.0%          19.0%            1.0 pts
         Dividend payout ratio of net income 1,3                                                                                                   60.1%          64.8%           (4.7 pts)
         Dividend payout ratio of free cash flow 1,3                                                                                               57.0%          60.4%           (3.4 pts)
         Return on assets 1,3                                                                                                                       3.0%           3.7%           (0.7 pts)
         Debt leverage ratio 4                                                                                                                        3.5            3.4               0.1
         Debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing 4                                                                                               3.1            3.4              (0.3)

         Employee-related information
         Total active employees                                                                                                                    22,000        23,000            (1,000)
         1 As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
         2 On March 16, 2022, we acquired approximately 3,000 retail Internet subscribers, 2,000 Video subscribers, 1,000 Home Phone subscribers, and 3,000 customer relationships as a
           result of our acquisition of a small regional cable company in Nova Scotia, which are not included in net additions, but do appear in the ending total balances for December 31,
           2022.
         3 Mobile phone ARPU, ARPA, capital intensity, dividend payout ratio of net income, dividend payout ratio of free cash flow, and return on assets are supplementary financial

           measures. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of these measures.
         4 Debt leverage ratio is a capital management measure. Debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing is a non-GAAP ratio. Adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing is a

           non-GAAP financial measure and is a component of debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be
           comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” and “Financial Condition” for more information about
           these measures.




14   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                      NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED NET INCOME
                                                                          Net income and adjusted net income increased by 8% and 6%,
REVENUE                                                                   respectively, this year, primarily as a result of higher adjusted
Total revenue and total service revenue increased by 5% and 6%,           EBITDA, partially offset by higher finance costs attributable to the
respectively, this year, driven primarily by revenue growth in our        Shaw senior note financing (as defined below). See “Review of
Wireless and Media businesses.                                            Consolidated Performance” for more information.

Wireless service revenue increased by 7% this year, primarily as a
result of higher roaming revenue associated with significantly            CASH FLOW AND AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
increased travel, as COVID-19-related global travel restrictions were     We returned substantial cash to shareholders this year through the
removed, and a larger postpaid mobile phone subscriber base,              payment of $1.01 billion in dividends. In addition, we declared a
partially offset by credits granted to subscribers relating to the July   $0.50 per share dividend on February 1, 2023.
network outage. Wireless equipment revenue decreased by 2% as             Our cash provided by operating activities increased by 8% this year,
a result of fewer of our new subscribers purchasing devices and           primarily a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, as well as the impact of
fewer device upgrades by existing subscribers.                            lower income taxes paid, partially offset by higher investment in net
Cable revenue was in line with 2021, primarily as a result of             operating assets and higher interest paid, related to the Shaw
increased competitive promotional activity and credits granted to         senior note financing. Free cash flow increased 6% this year,
subscribers relating to the July network outage, offset by service        primarily as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA.
pricing changes made in the first quarter and an increase in total        Our debt leverage ratio was 3.5 as at December 31, 2022, up from
customer relationships.                                                   3.4 as at December 31, 2021, driven by higher adjusted net debt,
Media revenue increased by 15% this year, primarily as a result of        primarily due to an increase in our long-term debt from the
higher Toronto Blue Jays revenue, driven by the increase to full          issuance of US$7.05 billion and $4.25 billion of senior notes and
audience capacity for the full year at the Rogers Centre, and higher      US$750 million of subordinated notes, and an increase in our
advertising revenue, partially offset by lower Today’s Shopping           short-term borrowings. Our debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw
Choice revenue.                                                           financing was 3.1 as at December 31, 2022, down from 3.4 as at
                                                                          December 31, 2021, primarily due to higher adjusted EBITDA.

ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                           Our overall weighted average cost of all borrowings was 4.50% as
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 9% this year and our               at December 31, 2022 (2021 – 3.95%) and our overall weighted
adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 130 basis points with                 average term to maturity on our debt was 11.8 years as at
increases in each of our segments.                                        December 31, 2022 (2021 – 11.6 years).

Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased 6% this year, primarily due to         We ended the year with approximately $4.9 billion of available liquidity1
the flow-through impact of higher revenue as discussed above. This        (2021 – $4.2 billion), including $4.4 billion (2021 – $3.1 billion) available
gave rise to an adjusted EBITDA service margin of 62.7%.                  under our bank and letter of credit facilities and $0.5 billion
                                                                          (2021 – $0.7 billion) in cash and cash equivalents. We also held
Cable adjusted EBITDA increased 2% this year, primarily as a result
                                                                          $12.8 billion in restricted cash and cash equivalents that will be used to
of lower operating expenses due to recognized cost efficiencies.
                                                                          partially fund the cash consideration of the Shaw Transaction (see
This gave rise to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 50.6%.
                                                                          “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”).
Media adjusted EBITDA increased by $196 million this year,
primarily due to higher revenue as discussed above, partially offset
by higher Toronto Blue Jays player payroll costs and higher
production and other operating costs as a result of increased             1   Available liquidity is a capital management measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other
activities as COVID-19 restrictions were removed.                             Financial Measures” for more information about this measure.




                                                                                                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.           |   15
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Shaw Transaction
         On March 15, 2021, we announced an agreement with Shaw                   the holders of SMR notes in January 2023. Additionally, in
         Communications Inc. (Shaw) to acquire all of Shaw’s issued and           September 2022, we extended the drawdown period on the
         outstanding Class A Participating Shares and Class B Non-Voting          $6 billion term loan facility from December 31, 2022 to
         Participating Shares for a price of $40.50 per share in cash, with the   December 31, 2023. See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial
         exception of the shares held by the Shaw Family Living Trust, the        Resources” for more information on the committed facility and our
         controlling shareholder of Shaw, and related persons (Shaw Family        restricted cash and cash equivalents balance.
         Shareholders). The Shaw Family Shareholders will receive 60% of
                                                                                  We also expect that RCI will either assume Shaw’s senior notes or
         the consideration for their shares in the form of RCI Class B
                                                                                  provide a guarantee of Shaw’s payment obligations under those
         Non-Voting common shares on the basis of the volume-weighted
                                                                                  senior notes upon closing the Shaw Transaction and, in either case,
         average trading price for such shares for the ten trading days
                                                                                  Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (RCCI) will guarantee Shaw’s
         ended March 12, 2021, and the balance in cash. The acquisition
                                                                                  payment obligations under those senior notes.
         (Shaw Transaction) is valued at approximately $26 billion, including
         the assumption of approximately $6 billion of Shaw debt.
                                                                                  REGULATORY APPROVAL STATUS
         The Shaw Transaction will be implemented through a                       On March 24, 2022, the Canadian Radio-television and
         court-approved plan of arrangement under the Business                    Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approved our acquisition
         Corporations Act (Alberta). The Shaw Transaction is subject to           of Shaw’s broadcasting services, subject to a number of conditions
         other customary closing conditions, including receipt of the Key         and modifications, including:
         Regulatory Approvals. Rogers, Shaw, and the Shaw Family Living           • the contribution of $27.2 million in benefits to the broadcasting
         Trust have agreed to extend the outside date for the Shaw                   system through various initiatives and funds, including those that
         Transaction to March 31, 2023.                                              support the production of content by Indigenous producers and
                                                                                     members of equity-seeking groups;
         FINANCING                                                                • annual reporting on our commitments to increase our support
         In connection with the Shaw Transaction, we entered into a binding          for local news, including by employing more journalists at our
         commitment letter for a committed credit facility with a syndicate of       Citytv stations across the country and by producing an additional
         banks in an original amount up to $19 billion. In 2021, we entered          48 news specials each year that reflect local communities;
         into a $6 billion non-revolving credit facility (term loan facility)     • the distribution of at least 45 independent English- and French-
         related to the Shaw Transaction, which reduced the amount                   language services on each of our cable and satellite services; and
         available under the committed credit facility to $13 billion. During     • safeguards to ensure that cable providers relying on signals
         the first quarter of 2022, we issued US$7.05 billion and                    delivered by us will continue to be able to serve their
         $4.25 billion of senior notes (Shaw senior note financing), which           communities, including those in rural and remote areas.
         reduced the amount available under the committed credit facility         The CRTC approval only relates to the broadcasting elements of
         to nil and the facility was terminated. The arrangement agreement        the Shaw Transaction.
         between Rogers and Shaw requires us to maintain sufficient
         liquidity to ensure we are able to fund the Shaw Transaction upon        On May 9, 2022, the Competition Bureau (Bureau) announced it
         closing and, as a result of the termination of the committed credit      had filed applications to the Competition Tribunal (Tribunal)
         facility, we have restricted the use of approximately $12.8 billion in   opposing the Shaw Transaction and requesting an injunction to
         funds, which are recognized as “restricted cash and cash                 prevent closing of the Shaw Transaction until the Bureau’s
         equivalents” on our 2022 Consolidated Statements of Financial            application to challenge the Shaw Transaction could be decided.
         Position. The substantial majority of these funds were held as cash      On June 17, 2022, we announced a divestiture agreement with
         deposits with major financial institutions as at December 31, 2022.      Shaw and Quebecor Inc. (Quebecor) for the sale of Freedom
         The remaining restricted cash equivalents have been invested in          Mobile Inc. (Freedom) (Freedom Transaction). The agreement
         short-term, highly liquid investments and are readily convertible to     provides for the sale of all Freedom-branded wireless and Internet
         cash with no associated penalties.                                       customers and all of Freedom’s infrastructure, spectrum licences,
                                                                                  and retail locations. The Freedom Transaction also includes
         The senior notes (except the $1.25 billion senior notes due 2025)
                                                                                  long-term agreements to provide transport (including backhaul
         also contain a “special mandatory redemption” provision
                                                                                  and backbone), roaming, and other services to Quebecor.
         (SMR notes), which initially required them to be redeemed at 101%
                                                                                  Subsequent to closing, Rogers and Quebecor will provide each
         of principal amount (plus accrued interest) if the Shaw Transaction
                                                                                  other with customary transition services as necessary to operate
         was not consummated prior to December 31, 2022 (SMR outside
                                                                                  Freedom’s business for a reasonable period of time and to facilitate
         date). In August 2022, we received consent from the note holders
                                                                                  the separation of Freedom’s business from the other businesses
         of the SMR notes, and paid an initial consent fee of $557 million
                                                                                  and operations of Shaw and its affiliates. The agreement does not
         (including directly attributable transaction costs), to extend the
                                                                                  contemplate the sale of Shaw Mobile-branded wireless
         SMR outside date to December 31, 2023, to ensure this financing
                                                                                  subscribers. Under the terms of the agreement, Quebecor has
         remains in place should the Shaw Transaction close after
                                                                                  agreed to pay Shaw $2.85 billion on a cash-free, debt-free basis.
         December 31, 2022. As at December 31, 2022, because the Shaw
         Transaction had not yet been consummated and we had not                  The Freedom Transaction is conditional, among other things, on
         become obligated to complete a special mandatory redemption,             the completion of the Shaw Transaction, compliance with the
         we were required to pay $262 million of additional consent fees to       Competition Act (Canada), and the approval of the Minister of



16   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Innovation, Science and Industry and would close substantially       2023, during which it issued a ruling from the bench dismissing the
concurrently with closing of the Shaw Transaction. On August 12,     Bureau’s appeal and upholding the Tribunal’s decision. On
2022, we announced Rogers and Shaw had entered into definitive       January 24, 2023, following the Federal Court of Appeal’s decision,
agreements with Quebecor.                                            the Bureau announced it would not be pursuing a further appeal in
                                                                     the case. As a result, there are no further impediments under the
On October 25, 2022, the Minister for Innovation, Science and
                                                                     Competition Act to closing the Shaw Transaction or the Freedom
Industry as an administrative matter denied our initial March 2021
                                                                     Transaction. On January 25, 2023, the House of Commons
request to transfer Freedom’s spectrum licences to Rogers. In
                                                                     Standing Committee on Industry and Technology held a second
contemplation of the proposed Freedom Transaction, the Minister
                                                                     public hearing regarding the Shaw Transaction, including the
set out certain conditions (which Quebecor announced its
                                                                     proposed Freedom Transaction, at which members of
intention to accept) before the Minister would consider approving
                                                                     management for Rogers, Shaw, and Quebecor, among others,
a transfer of Freedom’s spectrum licences to Videotron Inc.
                                                                     appeared.
(Videotron). On December 31, 2022, the Minister indicated he
would not render his decision on the transfer of Freedom’s           Given the ongoing regulatory process and the parties’ continued
spectrum licences to Videotron until there was clarity on the        commitment to the Shaw Transaction, Rogers, Shaw, and the Shaw
ongoing legal process arising from the Tribunal’s decision. The      Family Living Trust have agreed to extend the outside date for
proposed Freedom Transaction continues to be reviewed by             closing the Shaw Transaction to March 31, 2023 (with the consent
Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada                  of Quebecor). The outside date for the proposed Freedom
(ISED Canada).                                                       Transaction coincides with the outside date of the Shaw
                                                                     Transaction. Nonetheless, the time required for ISED Canada to
The Tribunal proceedings commenced on November 7, 2022 and
                                                                     issue its approval is uncertain and could result in further delays in,
final oral arguments were completed on December 14, 2022. On
                                                                     or prevent the closing of, the Shaw Transaction and the Freedom
December 29, 2022, the Tribunal released its summary decision,
                                                                     Transaction.
dismissing the Bureau’s application to block the Shaw Transaction.
Subsequently, on December 30, 2022, the Bureau announced it          The Transaction is subject to a number of additional risks. For more
would appeal the Tribunal’s decision to the Federal Court of         information, see “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business – Shaw
Appeal. The Federal Court of Appeal held a hearing on January 24,    Transaction”.




                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   17
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Understanding Our Business
         Rogers is a leading Canadian technology and media company.             • advanced wireless solutions for businesses, including wireless
                                                                                  private network services;
                                                                                • bridging landline phones with wireless phones; and
         THREE REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
                                                                                • machine-to-machine solutions and Internet of Things (IoT)
         We report our results of operations in three reportable segments.
                                                                                  solutions.
         Each segment and the nature of its business are as follows:
           Segment      Principal activities                                    CABLE
           Wireless     Wireless telecommunications operations          for     We are one of the largest cable providers in Canada. Our cable
                        Canadian consumers and businesses.                      network provides an innovative and leading selection of high-
                                                                                speed broadband Internet access, Internet protocol-based (IP)
           Cable        Cable telecommunications operations, including          television, applications, online viewing, phone, smart home
                        Internet, television and other video (Video),           monitoring, and advanced home WiFi services to consumers in
                        telephony (Home Phone), and smart home                  Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and on the island of
                        monitoring services for Canadian consumers and          Newfoundland. We also provide services to businesses across
                        businesses, and network connectivity through our        Canada that aim to meet the increasing needs of today’s critical
                        fibre network and data centre assets to support a       business applications.
                        range of voice, data, networking, hosting, and
                                                                                In 2021, we launched Ignite Internet Gigabit 1.5 in select areas,
                        cloud-based services for the business, public
                                                                                giving customers access to even faster Internet service. We also
                        sector, and carrier wholesale markets.
                                                                                expanded the Ignite WiFi Hub app with enhanced Active Time
           Media        A diversified portfolio of media properties,            Details and Advanced Security to give customers greater control
                        including sports media and entertainment,               over their home WiFi.
                        television and radio broadcasting, specialty
                                                                                In 2022, we launched a new WiFi modem with WiFi 6E, currently
                        channels, multi-platform shopping, and digital          the world’s most powerful WiFi technology, and introduced new
                        media.                                                  fibre-powered Ignite Internet packages and bundles with up to
                                                                                8 gigabit per second (Gbps) symmetrical speeds in select areas.
         See “Capability to Deliver Results” for more information about our
         extensive wireless and cable networks and significant wireless         Internet services include:
         spectrum position.                                                     • Internet access through broadband and fixed wireless access
                                                                                   (including basic and unlimited usage packages), security
         Wireless and Cable are operated by our wholly owned subsidiary,           solutions, and e-mail;
         RCCI, and certain of our other wholly owned subsidiaries. Media is     • access speeds of up to:
         operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Rogers Media Inc., and           • 1 Gbps, covering our entire Cable footprint; and
         its subsidiaries.                                                         • 1.5 Gbps, covering our entire Ontario Cable footprint, with
                                                                                      some areas able to receive access speeds of up to 8 Gbps
                                                                                      symmetrical speeds;
         PRODUCTS AND SERVICES                                                  • Rogers Ignite and Fido Internet unlimited packages, combining
                                                                                   fast and reliable speeds with the freedom of unlimited usage
         WIRELESS                                                                  and options for self-installation;
         Rogers is a Canadian leader in delivering a range of innovative        • Rogers Ignite WiFi Hub, offering a personalized WiFi experience
         wireless network technologies and services. We were the first             with a simple digital dashboard for customers to manage their
         Canadian carrier to launch a 5G network and we have the largest           home WiFi network, providing visibility and control over family
         5G network in Canada, serving over 1,900 communities as at                usage, and Ignite WiFi Pods, an advanced WiFi system you can
         December 31, 2022. Our postpaid and prepaid wireless services             plug into different electrical outlets in your home to extend your
         are offered under the Rogers, Fido, and chatr brands, and provide         WiFi coverage; and
         consumers and businesses with the latest wireless devices, services,   • Rogers Smart Home Monitoring, offering services such as
         and applications including:                                               monitoring, security, automation, energy efficiency, and smart
         • mobile high-speed Internet access, including our Rogers Infinite        control through a smartphone app.
           unlimited data plans;                                                Television services include:
         • wireless voice and enhanced voice features;                          • local and network TV, made available through traditional digital
         • Express Pickup, a convenient service for purchasing devices            or IP-based Ignite TV, including starter and premium channel
           online or through a customer care agent, with the ability to pick      packages along with à la carte channels;
           up in-store as soon as the same day;                                 • on-demand television with Ignite TV services;
         • direct device shipping to the customer’s location of choice;         • cloud-based digital video recorders (DVRs) available with Ignite
         • device financing;                                                      TV services;
         • device protection;                                                   • voice-activated remote controls, restart features, and integrated
         • global voice and data roaming, including Roam Like Home and            apps such as YouTube, Netflix, Sportsnet NOW, Amazon Prime
           Fido Roam;                                                             Video, Disney+, and Apple TV+ on Ignite TV and Ignite
         • wireless home phone;                                                   Streaming;




18   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
• personal video recorders (PVRs), including Whole Home PVR              In Television, we operate several conventional and specialty
  and 4K PVR capabilities;                                               television networks, including:
• an Ignite TV app, giving customers the ability to experience           • Sportsnet’s four regional stations along with Sportsnet ONE,
  Ignite TV (including setting recordings) on their smartphone,             Sportsnet 360, and Sportsnet World;
  tablet, laptop, or computer;                                           • Citytv network, which, together with affiliated stations, has
• Ignite Streaming, an entertainment add-on for Ignite Internet             broadcast distribution to approximately 78% of Canadian
  customers, giving them access to their favourite streaming                individuals;
  services in one place;                                                 • OMNI multicultural broadcast television stations, including
• Download and Go, the ability to download recorded programs                OMNI Regional, which provide multilingual newscasts nationally
  onto your smartphone or tablet to watch at a later time using the         to all digital basic television subscribers;
  Ignite TV app;                                                         • specialty channels that include FX (Canada), FXX (Canada), and
• linear and time-shifted programming;                                      OLN (formerly Outdoor Life Network); and
• digital specialty channels; and                                        • Today’s Shopping Choice, Canada’s only nationally televised
• 4K television programming, including regular season Toronto               shopping channel, which generates a significant and growing
  Blue Jays home games and select marquee National Hockey                   portion of its revenue from online sales.
  League (NHL) and National Basketball Association (NBA) games.
                                                                         In Radio, we operate 54 AM and FM radio stations in markets
Phone services include:                                                  across Canada, including popular radio brands such as 98.1 CHFI,
• residential and small business local telephony service; and            CityNews 680, Sportsnet 590 The FAN, KiSS, JACK, and SONiC.
• calling features such as voicemail, call waiting, and long distance.
                                                                         We also offer a range of digital services and products, including:
Enterprise services include:                                             • our digital sports-related assets, including sportsnet.ca and SN
• voice, data networking, IP, and Ethernet services over multi-            NOW;
  service customer access devices that allow customers to scale          • other digital assets, including Citytv NOW; and
  and add services, such as private networking, Internet, IP voice,      • a range of other websites, apps, podcasts, and digital products
  and cloud solutions, which blend seamlessly to grow with their           associated with our various brands and businesses.
  business requirements;
• optical wave, Internet, Ethernet, and multi-protocol label             OTHER
  switching services, providing scalable and secure metro and            We offer several credit cards, including the Rogers World Elite
  wide area private networking that enables and interconnects            Mastercard, Rogers Connections Mastercard, and Fido Mastercard,
  critical business applications for businesses that have one or         which allow customers to earn cashback rewards points on credit
  many offices, data centres, or points of presence (as well as          card spending.
  cloud applications) across Canada;
• simplified information technology (IT) and network technology
  offerings with security-embedded, cloud-based, professionally          OTHER INVESTMENTS
  managed solutions;                                                     We hold interests in a number of associates and joint
• extensive cable access network services for primary, bridging,         arrangements, some of which include:
  and back-up (including through our wireless network, if                • our 37.5% ownership interest in Maple Leaf Sports &
  applicable) connectivity; and                                             Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE), which owns the Toronto Maple Leafs,
• specialized telecommunications technical consulting for Internet          the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC, the Toronto Argonauts, and
  service providers (ISPs).                                                 the Toronto Marlies, as well as various associated real estate
                                                                            holdings; and
                                                                         • our 50% ownership interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a large
MEDIA                                                                       provider of multicarrier wireless and wireline products and
Our portfolio of Media assets, with a focus on sports and regional          services with several hundred Canadian retail distribution outlets.
TV and radio programming, reaches Canadians from coast to
coast.                                                                   We also hold a number of interests in marketable securities of
                                                                         publicly traded companies, including Cogeco Inc. and Cogeco
In Sports Media and Entertainment, we own the Toronto Blue Jays,         Communications Inc.
Canada’s only Major League Baseball (MLB) team, and the Rogers
Centre event venue, which hosts the Toronto Blue Jays’ home
games, concerts, trade shows, and special events.                        COMPETITION
Our agreement with the NHL (NHL Agreement), which runs                   The telecommunications industry is a highly competitive industry
through the 2025-2026 NHL season, allows us to deliver more than         served by many national, regional, and reseller players giving
1,300 regular season games during a typical season across                consumers a broad choice in service providers and plan offerings.
television, smartphones, tablets, personal computers, and other          The industry is very capital intensive and requires meaningful,
streaming devices. It also grants Rogers national rights on those        continual investments to implement next-generation technology
platforms to the Stanley Cup Playoffs and Stanley Cup Final, all         and to support existing infrastructure. Given the highly regulated
NHL-related special events and non-game events (such as the NHL          nature of the industry, the already competitive dynamic could be
All-Star Game and the NHL Draft), and rights to sublicense               further influenced by regulatory change (see “Regulation in our
broadcasting rights.                                                     Industry” for more information).




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   19
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Traditional wireline telephony and television services are now          CABLE
         offered over the Internet. Consumers continue to change how they        Internet
         choose to communicate or watch video, including with a growing          We compete with other ISPs that offer fixed-connection residential
         selection of over-the-top (OTT) services, and this is changing the      high-speed Internet access services. Rogers and Fido high-speed
         mix of packages and pricing service providers offer and could affect    Internet services compete directly with, among others:
         churn levels.                                                           • Bell’s Internet services in Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia,
         In the media industry, consumer viewing habits continue to shift           and on the island of Newfoundland, including Virgin Plus;
         towards digital and online media consumption and advertisers are        • various resellers, such as TekSavvy and others, using wholesale
         directing more advertising dollars to those media channels. In             telecommunication company digital subscriber line (DSL) and
         addition, we now compete with a range of digital and online media          cable third-party Internet access (TPIA) services in local markets;
         companies, including large global companies.                            • smaller Internet service providers, such as Beanfield
                                                                                    Metroconnect, in metropolitan areas; and
         WIRELESS                                                                • newer providers offering low Earth orbiting satellite Internet
         We compete on customer experience, price, quality of service,              service in underserved regions.
         scope of services, network coverage, sophistication of wireless         A number of different players in the Canadian market also
         technology, breadth of distribution, selection of devices, branding,    compete for enterprise network and communications services.
         and positioning.                                                        There are relatively few national providers, but each market has its
         • Wireless technology – Our 5G network caters to customers              own competitors that usually focus on the geographic areas in
           seeking the increased capacity and speed it provides relative to      which they have the most extensive networks. In the enterprise
           long-term evolution (LTE) networks. We compete with BCE Inc.          market, we compete with facilities- and non-facilities-based
           (Bell) and TELUS Corporation (Telus) at a national level, and with    telecommunications service providers. In markets where we own
           Vidéotron ltée (Videotron), Saskatchewan Telecommunications           network infrastructure, we compete with incumbent fibre-based
           (SaskTel), and Eastlink Inc. (Eastlink) at a regional level, all of   providers. Our main competitors are as follows:
           whom operate 5G networks. We also compete with Shaw at a              • Ontario – Bell, Cogeco Data Services, Xplore, and Digital Colony;
           national level, who operates an LTE network. We also compete          • Quebec – Bell, Telus, and Videotron;
           with these providers on high-speed packet access (HSPA) and           • Atlantic Canada – Bell, Xplore, and Eastlink; and
           global system for mobile communications (GSM) networks and            • Western Canada – Shaw, Telus, and Digital Colony.
           with providers that use alternative wireless technologies, such as
           WiFi “hotspots” and mobile virtual network operators (MVNO).          Television
         • Product, branding, and pricing – we compete nationally with Bell,     We compete with:
           Telus, Videotron, and Shaw, including their flanker brands Virgin     • other     Canadian      multi-channel    broadcast      distribution
           Plus (Bell), Lucky Mobile (Bell), Koodo (Telus), Public Mobile          undertakings (BDUs), including Bell, Shaw, and other satellite
           (Telus), Fizz (Videotron), Freedom Mobile (Shaw), and Shaw              and IPTV providers;
           Mobile (Shaw). We also compete with various regional players          • OTT video offerings through providers like Netflix, YouTube,
           and resellers.                                                          Apple, Amazon Prime Video, Crave, Google, Disney+, DAZN,
         • Distribution of services and devices – we have one of the largest       Paramount+, and other channels streaming their own content;
           distribution networks in the country, and compete with other            and
           service providers for dealers, prime locations for our own stores,    • over-the-air local and regional broadcast television signals
           and third-party retail distribution shelf space. We also compete        received directly through antennas, the illegal distribution of
           with other service providers on the quality and ease of use of our      Canadian and international channels via video streaming boxes,
           self-serve options and other digital capabilities.                      and the illegal reception of US direct broadcast satellite services.
         • Wireless networks – consolidation amongst regional players, or
           with incumbent carriers (including through the Freedom                Phone
           Transaction), could alter the regional or national competitive        While Phone represents a small portion of our business, we
           landscapes for Wireless. Additionally, certain service providers      compete with other telephony service providers, including:
           that currently do not offer wireless products or services have        • Bell’s wireline phone service in Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova
           purchased spectrum licences and could enter the market in the           Scotia, and on the island of Newfoundland;
           future.                                                               • incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC) local loop resellers and
         • Spectrum – we currently have the largest spectrum position in           voice over IP (VoIP) service providers (such as Comwave
           the country, including the spectrum licences we obtained                Networks Inc.), other VoIP-only service providers (such as Vonage
           through the 3500 MHz auction held in 2021. On May 21, 2021,             and Skype), and other voice applications that use the Internet
           ISED Canada announced the decision to repurpose the                     access services of ISPs (such as Facebook and WhatsApp); and
           3800 MHz spectrum band to support 5G services. The                    • substitution of wireline for wireless products, including mobile
           3800 MHz spectrum licence auction is scheduled to commence              phones and wireless home phone products.
           in October 2023. The 3800 MHz spectrum licences, along with
           other frequency bands, are essential to the deployment of 5G          MEDIA
           networks. The outcome of this auction may increase competition.       Competition in Sports Media and Entertainment includes other:
           See “Regulation in our Industry” for more information.                • televised and online sports broadcasters;
                                                                                 • Toronto professional teams, for attendance at Toronto Blue Jays
                                                                                   games;



20   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
• MLB teams, for Toronto Blue Jays players and fans;                   Consumer demand for mobile devices, digital media, and
• local sporting and special event venues;                             on-demand content is pushing providers to build networks that can
• professional sports teams, for merchandise sales revenue; and        support the expanded use of applications, mobile video,
• new digital sports media companies.                                  messaging, and other wireless data. Mobile commerce continues
                                                                       to increase as more devices and platforms adopt secure
Television and Radio, both of which are focused on local and
                                                                       technology to facilitate wireless transactions.
regional content, compete for audiences and advertisers with:
• other Canadian television and radio stations, including those        Wireless providers continue to invest in the next generation of
  owned and operated by the CBC, Bell Media, and Corus                 technologies, like 5G, to meet increasing data demands. New
  Entertainment;                                                       products and applications on the wireless network, such as wireless
• OTT video offerings through providers like Netflix, YouTube,         private networks, will continue to rely on ultra-reliable, low latency
  Apple, Amazon Prime Video, Crave, Google, Disney+, DAZN,             transport networks, capable of supporting both wireless and
  Paramount+, and other channels streaming their own content;          wireline traffic.
• OTT radio offerings, such as iHeartRadio, Apple Music, Spotify,
  Sirius satellite radio, and Radioplayer Canada;                      We were the first Canadian carrier to launch a 5G network and the
• other media, including newspapers, magazines, and outdoor            first Canadian carrier to begin rolling out a 5G standalone core
  advertising; and                                                     network. Our 5G network is the largest 5G network in Canada,
• other technologies available on the Internet or through the          reaching more than 1,900 communities and 82% of the Canadian
  cloud, such as social media platforms, online web information        population as at December 31, 2022.
  services, digital assistants, music downloading, and portable        To help make the cost of new wireless devices more affordable for
  media players.                                                       consumers, Rogers and other Canadian wireless carriers offer
Today’s Shopping Choice’s model of live, hosted-video sales            wireless device financing programs, whereby consumers can
content and its robust online shopping experience competes with:       finance up to the full cost of the device over a 24-month term at 0%
• pure play e-commerce retailers servicing Canada;                     interest. We believe being able to finance devices over 24 months
• select branded retailers in Canada and their related e-commerce      helps reduce subscriber churn.
  websites;                                                            In addition to the wireless device financing plans now available,
• other available television-shopping channels and infomercials        subscribers are increasingly bringing their own devices or keeping
  that sell products on television; and                                their existing devices longer and therefore may not enter into term
• direct-to-consumer livestream video shopping events, social          contracts for wireless services. This may negatively impact
  commerce, and shoppable video technologies that are rapidly          subscriber churn, but may also create gross addition subscriber
  emerging online.                                                     opportunities as a result of increased churn from other carriers. This
Our digital media products compete for audiences and advertisers       trend may also negatively impact the monthly service fees charged
with:                                                                  to subscribers as they shop for plans that best meet their needs.
• online information and entertainment websites and apps,              Wireless market penetration in Canada is approximately 108% of
  including digital news services, streaming services, and content     the population (compared to penetration of 139% in the US) and is
  available via social networking services;                            expected to continue growing, per the Bank of America Merrill
• magazines, both digital and printed; and                             Lynch October 2022 Global Wireless Matrix and as a result of rising
• other traditional media, such as TV and radio.                       immigration levels.

INDUSTRY TRENDS                                                        CABLE TRENDS
                                                                       Economic conditions, technology advancements, non-traditional
The telecommunications industry in Canada is very capital intensive
                                                                       competitors, consumer behaviours, and regulatory developments
and highly regulated. Our reportable segments are affected by
                                                                       are key areas influencing Cable. This market is very capital intensive,
various overarching trends relating to changing technologies,
                                                                       and a strong Internet offering is the backbone to effectively serving
consumer demands, economic conditions, and regulatory
                                                                       this market. Applications on the Internet are increasingly being
developments, all of which could limit essential future investments
                                                                       used as a substitute for wireline telephone services, and televised
in the Canadian marketplace. See “Risks and Uncertainties
                                                                       content is increasingly available online. Downward television tier
Affecting our Business” and “Regulation in our Industry” for more
                                                                       migration (cord shaving) and television cancellation with the intent
information. Below is a summary of the industry trends affecting our
                                                                       of substitution (cord cutting) has continued with increased
specific reportable segments.
                                                                       adoption of OTT services.

WIRELESS TRENDS                                                        Canada’s economic condition continues to be impacted by
The ongoing extensive investment made by Canadian wireless             recessionary fears, rising interest rates and higher inflation. Housing
providers has created far-reaching and sophisticated wireless          affordability remains a concern and rising immigration levels may
networks that have enabled consumers and businesses to utilize         push housing demand and supply further apart, thus impacting the
fast multimedia capabilities through wireless data services.           demand for residential cable services.




                                                                                              2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   21
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Cable and wireline companies are expanding their service offerings      competition will begin to include systems integrators and
         to include faster broadband Internet, including consistently offering   manufacturers.
         download speeds of 1.5 Gbps, with certain plans offering
                                                                                 Devices and machines are becoming more interconnected and
         symmetrical speeds of up to 8 Gbps in select areas, and Internet
                                                                                 there is more reliance on the Internet and other networks to
         offerings with unlimited bandwidth. Consumers are demanding
                                                                                 facilitate updates and track usage.
         faster-than-ever speeds for streaming online media, uploading
         personal content, playing online video games, and for their ever-
         growing number of connected devices. In order to help facilitate        MEDIA TRENDS
         these speeds, cable and wireline companies are shifting their           Consumer viewing behaviours are continually evolving and the
         networks towards higher speed and capacity Data Over Cable              industry continues to adjust to these changes. Access to live sports
         Service Interface Specifications (DOCSIS) 3.1 and fibre-to-the-home     and other premium content has become even more important for
         (FTTH) technologies and they are starting to evolve their networks to   acquiring and retaining audiences that in turn attract advertisers
         be DOCSIS 4.0-capable. These technologies provide faster potential      and subscribers. Therefore, ownership of content and/or long-term
         data communication speeds than earlier technologies, allowing both      agreements with content owners has also become increasingly
         television and Internet signals to reach consumers more quickly in      important to media companies. Leagues, teams, networks, and
         order to sustain reliable speeds to address the increasing number of    new digital entrants are also experimenting with the delivery of live
         Internet-capable devices.                                               sports content through online, social, and virtual platforms, while
                                                                                 non-traditional sports are also growing in mindshare.
         Over the past several years many people are working or studying
         from home simultaneously, further establishing the need for strong      Consumer demand for digital media, content on mobile devices,
         and reliable cable networks that can handle increased capacity than     and on-demand content is increasing and media products have
         previously existed. Cable and wireline companies have needed to         experienced significant digital uptake, requiring industry players to
         continue adding capacity and managing traffic to continue reliably      increase their efforts in digital content and capabilities in order to
         supporting the needs of Canadians.                                      compete. In response to this trend, advertisers are shifting their
                                                                                 spending to premium video and audio products on global digital
         Our business customers use fibre-based access and cloud                 platforms and social media that enable marketers to narrowly
         computing to capture and share information in more secure and           target specific audiences instead of the previous mass marketing
         accessible environments. This, combined with the rise of                approach. This results in lower use of traditional advertising
         multimedia and Internet-based business applications, is driving         methods and may require a shift in focus.
         exponential growth in data demand.
                                                                                 Competition has changed and traditional media assets in Canada
         Businesses and all levels of government are transforming data           are increasingly being controlled by a small number of competitors
         centre infrastructure by moving toward virtual data storage and         with significant scale and financial resources. Technology has
         hosting. This is driving demand for more advanced network               allowed new entrants and even individuals to become media
         functionality, robust, scalable services, and supportive dynamic        players in their own right.
         network infrastructure.
                                                                                 Some of our competitors have become more vertically integrated
         Canadian wireline companies are dismantling legacy networks and         across both traditional and emerging platforms. Relationships
         investing in next-generation platforms that combine voice, data,        between providers and purchasers of content have become more
         and video solutions onto a single distribution and access platform.     complex. Global aggregators have also emerged and are
         As next-generation platforms become more popular, our                   competing for both content and viewers.




22   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Our Strategy, Key Performance Drivers, and Strategic Highlights
As part of our long-term vision to become number one, we set objectives to measure progress and to address short-term opportunities
and risks.


2022 FOCUS AREAS
    1.   Successfully complete the Shaw acquisition                          3.   Invest in our customer experience to deliver timely, high­
    2.   Invest in our networks to deliver world-class connectivity to            quality customer service consistently to our customers
         Canadian consumers and business                                     4.   Improve execution and deliver strong financial
                                                                                  performance across all lines of business

KEY PERFORMANCE DRIVERS AND 2022 STRATEGIC HIGHLIGHTS
As COVID-19 restrictions have largely been removed, our                    for emergency roaming, mutual assistance, and communications
businesses emerged stronger from the significant impacts and the           protocols in the event of a future major network outage.
Canadian economy recovered from the lockdowns of 2020 and
2021. Throughout the year, we remained focused on creating               INVEST IN OUR CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE TO DELIVER
meaningful long-term growth in shareholder value, with continuing        TIMELY, HIGH-QUALITY CUSTOMER SERVICE
investments to ensure network leadership, combined with leading          CONSISTENTLY TO OUR CUSTOMERS
customer service.                                                        • Introduced new fibre-powered Ignite Internet packages and
Our four focus areas guided our work and decision-making as we             bundles, with symmetrical download and upload speeds of up
further improved our operational execution and made well-timed             to 2.5 Gbps, with existing Ignite Internet Gigabit 1.5 customers
investments to grow our core businesses and deliver increased              upgraded at no extra cost.
shareholder value. Below are some highlights for the year.               • First major provider in Canada to launch a new Wi-Fi modem
                                                                           with Wi-Fi 6E, currently the world’s most powerful Wi-Fi
SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETE THE SHAW ACQUISITION                                 technology, and introduced premium Ignite Internet with
• Received approval from the CRTC for the transfer of Shaw’s               8 Gbps symmetrical speeds in certain areas.
  broadcasting services.                                                 • Continued to accelerate our digital-first plan to make it easier for
• Entered into a definitive agreement with Shaw and Quebecor for           customers, with digital adoption at 88% of eligible transactions;
  the sale of Freedom to Quebecor.                                         includes 24/7 virtual assistant support tools and the ability for
• Successfully obtained financing of $13 billion to fund the Shaw          Fido and Rogers customers to complete price plan changes,
  Transaction, including the largest cross-border financing in             hardware upgrades, and other account updates online.
  Canadian history.                                                      • Donated $1 million to Jays Care Foundation in support of their
• Successfully argued for the dismissal by the Tribunal of the             ambitious goal to bring programming to 45,000 kids across
  Bureau’s application to block the Shaw Transaction, with the             Canada through Indigenous Rookie League, Challenger
  panel concluding unanimously that the transactions are                   Baseball, and Girls at Bat.
  pro-competitive; the decision of the Tribunal was upheld by the
  Federal Court of Appeal on January 24, 2023.                           IMPROVE EXECUTION AND DELIVER STRONG FINANCIAL
                                                                         PERFORMANCE ACROSS ALL LINES OF BUSINESS
INVEST IN OUR NETWORKS TO DELIVER WORLD-CLASS                            • Attracted 545,000 net postpaid mobile phone subscribers to
CONNECTIVITY TO CANADIAN CONSUMERS AND                                     lead the Canadian industry, up 35% and our strongest results
                                                                           since 2007.
BUSINESSES
                                                                         • Delivered on robust 2022 full-year guidance after increasing
• Invested a record $3.1 billion in capital investments in Canada,
                                                                           guidance ranges in April for total service revenue, adjusted
  the majority of which was invested in our networks.
                                                                           EBITDA, and free cash flow excluding Shaw financing guidance.
• Continued to expand Canada’s largest 5G network as at
                                                                         • Generated total service revenue of $13,305 million, up 6%;
  December 31, 2022, reaching over 1,900 communities across
                                                                           adjusted EBITDA of $6,393 million, up 9%; and net income of
  the country.
                                                                           $1,680 million, up 8%.
• Became the first service provider in Canada to deploy 3500 MHz
                                                                         • Generated free cash flow excluding Shaw financing of
  spectrum to increase 5G network capacity, boost speeds, and
                                                                           $1,985 million, up 19%, and cash provided by operating
  deliver ultra-low latency services, starting in Nanaimo, British
                                                                           activities of $4,493 million, up 8%.
  Columbia and continuing its deployment across Canada,
                                                                         • Paid dividends of $1,010 million to our shareholders.
  including in Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa, Toronto,
  Vancouver, and multiple rural areas.
• Committed to investing $20 billion in network reliability over the     2023 OBJECTIVES
  next five years and announced plans to separate our wireless and
  wireline IP core networks.                                             In 2022, we improved our execution, strengthened our
• Signed a memorandum of understanding with Canada’s other               fundamentals, and invested more than we ever have in our
  major telecommunications carriers regarding reciprocal support         customer experience. Building on this momentum, and as part of




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   23
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         our vision to become number one, our five objectives are as                                BE THE FIRST CHOICE FOR CANADIANS
         follows:                                                                                   Everything starts and ends with our customers, so improving the
                                                                                                    customer experience is a key area of focus. We are investing in our
         BUILD THE BIGGEST AND BEST NETWORKS IN THE
                                                                                                    frontline and continuing to build our digital and self-serve
         COUNTRY                                                                                    capabilities. With the evolution of consumer behaviours, we are
         Our networks are the backbone of the digital economy and our                               expanding service channel options to serve our customers how and
         business is built on providing our customers with always-on                                where they want in order to grow our customer base.
         coverage everywhere. We are focused on expanding coverage to
         enable Canadians to connect wherever they are and to deliver                               BE A STRONG NATIONAL COMPANY INVESTING IN
         quality connectivity on networks that are reliable and consistently                        CANADA
         perform for Canadians and businesses.                                                      Every year, we reinvest the vast majority of our profits back into our
                                                                                                    country to connect as many Canadians as possible. We also partner
         DELIVER EASY TO USE, RELIABLE PRODUCTS AND
                                                                                                    with local community groups to help create a better future for
         SERVICES                                                                                   young Canadians, the future leaders of our country.
         We believe delivering easy to use, reliable products and services is
         key to our growth strategy. This includes designing products that                          BE THE GROWTH LEADER IN OUR INDUSTRY
         are simple, creating plans that are easy to understand, and                                To be number one, we are focused on operating efficiently and
         delivering reliable services our customers can count on.                                   executing with excellence to accelerate revenue growth and
                                                                                                    translate it into strong margins, profit, free cash flow, return on
                                                                                                    assets, and returns to shareholders.

         FINANCIAL AND OPERATING GUIDANCE
         We provide consolidated annual guidance ranges for selected financial metrics on a basis consistent with the annual plans approved by
         the Board.

         2022 ACHIEVEMENTS AGAINST GUIDANCE
         The following table outlines the updated guidance ranges that we provided in April 2022 and our actual results and achievements for the
         selected full-year 2022 financial metrics.
                                                                                                 2021                                                        2022
         (In millions of dollars, except percentages)                                           Actual             2022 Guidance Ranges                      Actual          Achievement
         Consolidated Guidance 1
         Total service revenue                                                                  12,533     Increase of 6%     to    increase of 8%       13,305     6.2%            ✓
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                                         5,887     Increase of 8%     to    increase of 10%       6,393     8.6%            ✓
         Capital expenditures 2                                                                  2,788              2,800     to    3,000                 3,075      n/m           ✓✓
         Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                                                 1,671              1,900     to    2,100                 1,985      n/m            ✓


                                                                         Achieved ✓                                         Exceeded ✓✓
         1 The table outlines guidance ranges for selected full-year 2022 consolidated financial metrics provided in our January 27, 2022 earnings release and subsequently updated on
           April 20, 2022. Guidance ranges presented as percentages reflect percentage increases over full-year 2021 results.
         2 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition, but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences, additions to right-of-use assets, or

           assets acquired through business combinations.

         We exceeded our guidance range for capital expenditures for the
         year due to greater investments in our networks. Despite these
         increased investments, we still achieved our guidance for total
         service revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow excluding
         Shaw financing.




24   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
2023 FULL-YEAR CONSOLIDATED GUIDANCE                                                         We provide annual guidance ranges on a consolidated full-year
For the full-year 2023, we expect growth in total service revenue                            basis that are consistent with annual full-year Board-approved
and adjusted EBITDA will drive higher free cash flow. In 2023, we                            plans. Any updates to our full-year financial guidance over the
expect to have the financial flexibility to maintain our network                             course of the year would only be made to the consolidated
advantages and to continue to return cash to shareholders. To                                guidance ranges that appear above. Guidance ranges will be
assess our results on an organic basis not including capital                                 reassessed once the Shaw Transaction has closed.
expenditures on integration-related activities in preparation for the
Shaw Transaction (see “Shaw Transaction”), we are providing 2023                             Key underlying assumptions
guidance ranges on “capital expenditures excluding Shaw” and                                 Our 2023 guidance ranges presented in “2023 Full-Year
“free cash flow excluding Shaw”.                                                             Consolidated Guidance” are based on many assumptions
                                                                                             including, but not limited to, the following material assumptions for
(In millions of dollars, except                     2022               2023
percentages)                                        Actual       Guidance Ranges 1
                                                                                             the full-year 2023:
                                                                                             • continued competitive intensity in all segments in which we
Total service revenue                               13,305 Increase of 4% to 7%
                                                                                                operate consistent with levels experienced in 2022;
Adjusted EBITDA                                      6,393 Increase of 5% to 8%
Capital expenditures excluding Shaw 2,3              3,033          3,100 to 3,300
                                                                                             • no significant additional legal or regulatory developments, other
Free cash flow excluding Shaw 3,4                    2,027          2,000 to 2,200              shifts in economic conditions, or macro changes in the
                                                                                                competitive environment affecting our business activities;
1 Guidance ranges presented as percentages reflect percentage increases over full-
                                                                                             • Wireless customers continue to adopt, and upgrade to, higher-
  year 2022 results.
2 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition,           value smartphones at similar rates in 2023 compared to 2022;
  but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences, additions to right-of-use         • overall wireless market penetration in Canada grows in 2023 at a
  assets, assets acquired through business combinations, or expenditures on                     similar rate as in 2022;
  integration-related activities in preparation for the Shaw Transaction.                    • continued subscriber growth in Internet;
3 Capital expenditures excluding Shaw and free cash flow excluding Shaw are
                                                                                             • declining Television subscribers, including the impact of
  non-GAAP financial measures. These are not standardized financial measures under
  IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other             customers migrating to Ignite TV from our legacy product, as
  companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information                   subscription streaming services and other over-the-top providers
  about each of these measures.                                                                 continue to grow in popularity;
4 Reflects free cash flow excluding the effect of Shaw senior note financing (as defined
                                                                                             • in Media, continued growth in sports and relative stability in
  below) and capital expenditures on integration-related activities in preparation for the
  Shaw Transaction.
                                                                                                other traditional media businesses;
                                                                                             • no significant sports-related work stoppages or cancellations will
The above table outlines guidance ranges for selected full-year                                 occur;
2023 consolidated financial metrics without giving effect to the                             • with respect to capital expenditures:
Shaw Transaction (see “Shaw Transaction”), the associated                                       • we continue to invest to ensure we have competitive wireless
financing, or any other associated transactions or expenses. These                                 and cable networks through (i) expanding our 5G wireless
ranges take into consideration our current outlook and our 2022                                    network and (ii) upgrading our hybrid fibre-coaxial network to
results. The purpose of the financial outlook is to assist investors,
                                                                                                   lower the number of homes passed per node, utilize the latest
shareholders, and others in understanding certain financial metrics
                                                                                                   technologies, and deliver an even more reliable customer
relating to expected 2023 financial results for evaluating the
                                                                                                   experience; and
performance of our business. This information may not be
                                                                                                • we continue to make expenditures related to our Home
appropriate for other purposes. Information about our guidance,
including the various assumptions underlying it, is forward-looking                                roadmap in 2023 and we make progress on our service
and should be read in conjunction with “About Forward-Looking                                      footprint expansion projects;
Information”, “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business”, the                          • a substantial portion of our 2023 US dollar-denominated
material assumptions listed below under “Key underlying                                         expenditures is hedged at an average exchange rate of
assumptions”, and the related disclosure and information about                                  $1.25/US$;
various economic, competitive, and regulatory assumptions,                                   • key interest rates remain relatively stable throughout 2023; and
factors, and risks that may cause our actual future financial and                            • we retain our investment-grade credit ratings.
operating results to differ from what we currently expect.




                                                                                                                   2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   25
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Capability to Deliver Results
         LEADING NETWORKS
         WIRELESS                                                              Our 5G network currently uses a combination of the 600 MHz,
         Rogers has one of the most extensive and advanced mobile              1900 MHz, 2500 MHz, 3500 MHz, and AWS spectrum bands, and
         broadband wireless networks in Canada, which:                         is also aggregated with our LTE spectrum bands. 600 MHz
         • is the only national network in Canada fully owned by a single      spectrum is best suited to carry wireless data across long distances
           operator;                                                           and through buildings, creating more consistent and higher-quality
         • was the first 5G network in Canada, reaching over 82% of the        coverage in both remote and urban areas and in smart cities. We
           Canadian population as at December 31, 2022 on our 5G               have deployed dynamic spectrum sharing, which allows our
           network alone;                                                      existing spectrum supporting 4G to also be used for 5G/5G+
         • was the first LTE high-speed network in Canada, reaching 96% of     networks.
           the Canadian population as at December 31, 2022 on our LTE
                                                                               A number of future investments will be required to successfully
           network alone;
                                                                               operate and maintain our 5G network, including, but not limited to:
         • is supported by voice and data roaming agreements with
                                                                               • refarming spectrum currently used for 2G and 3G to LTE and
           domestic and international carriers in more than 200
                                                                                 5G/5G+;
           destinations, including LTE and a growing number of 5G
                                                                               • acquiring additional radio spectrum through government
           roaming operators; and
                                                                                 auctions and private sector transactions;
         • includes network sharing arrangements with two wireless
                                                                               • densifying our wireless network with additional macro cells, small
           operators that operate in urban and rural parts of Canada.
                                                                                 cells, and in-building systems in key markets; and
         We are continuously enhancing our IP service infrastructure for all   • purchasing incremental 5G-ready radio network equipment with
         our wireless services. Advances in technology have transformed the      lower unit and operational costs, and the ability to aggregate
         ways in which our customers interact and use the variety of tools       more radio carriers and achieve greater spectral efficiency.
         available to them in their personal and professional lives.
         Technology has also changed the way businesses operate.               Significant spectrum position
                                                                               Our wireless services are supported by our significant wireless
         In early 2020, we launched our 5G network commercially in
                                                                               spectrum licence holdings in low-band, mid-band, and high-band
         downtown Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa, and Montreal and reached
                                                                               frequency ranges. As part of our network strategy, we expect to
         over 1,900 communities across Canada as at December 31, 2022.
                                                                               continue making significant capital investments in spectrum to:
         We also became a founding member of the global 5G Future
                                                                               • support the continual rapid growth in usage of broadband
         Forum, a first-of-its-kind 5G and Mobile Edge Computing forum
                                                                                  wireless data services;
         that currently includes Verizon, Vodafone, Telstra, KT, América
                                                                               • support the expansion and maintenance of our 5G and 5G+
         Móvil, and NOS.
                                                                                  networks; and
                                                                               • introduce new innovative network-enabled features and
                                                                                  functionality.




26   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Our spectrum holdings as at December 31, 2022 include:

  Type of spectrum             Rogers licences                                                        Who the licences support
  600 MHz                      20 to 40 MHz across Canada, covering 100% of the Canadian              4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                               population.                                                            subscribers.
  700 MHz                      24 MHz in Canada’s major geographic markets, covering 99.7%            4G / 4.5G LTE subscribers; future
                               of the Canadian population.                                            5G / 5G+ subscribers.
  850 MHz                      25 MHz across Canada.                                                  2G GSM, 3G HSPA, 4G / 4.5G LTE
                                                                                                      subscribers; future 5G / 5G+
                                                                                                      subscribers.
  1900 MHz                     60 MHz in all areas of Canada except 40 MHz in northern                4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                               Quebec, 50 MHz in southern Ontario, and 40 MHz in the Yukon,           subscribers.
                               Northwest Territories, and Nunavut.
  AWS 1700/2100 MHz            40 MHz in British Columbia and Alberta, 30 MHz in southern             4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                               Ontario, an additional 10 MHz in the Greater Toronto Area, and         subscribers.
                               20 MHz in the rest of Canada.
  2500 MHz                     40 MHz FDD across the majority of Canada except 20 MHz in              4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                               parts of Quebec and no holdings in Nunavut and the Northwest           subscribers.
                               Territories. Rogers also holds an additional 20 MHz TDD in key
                               population areas in Quebec, Ontario, and British Columbia, and
                               an additional 10 MHz in parts of rural British Columbia.
  3500 MHz                     Between 60 MHz and 80 MHz in large population centres, except          Mobile 5G / 5G+ subscribers; fixed
                               in Edmonton where Rogers holds 30 MHz. Rogers holds 20 MHz             wireless subscribers
                               to 90 MHz in rural areas.

We also have access to additional spectrum through the following network sharing agreements:

  Type of spectrum             Type of network venture                                                Who it supports
  2300 MHz                     Orion Wireless Partnership (Orion) is a joint operation with Bell in   4G subscribers.
                               which Rogers holds a 50% interest. Orion holds licences for
                               30 MHz of FDD 2300 MHz spectrum (of which 20 MHz is usable),
                               primarily in eastern Canada, including certain population centres
                               in southern and eastern Ontario, southern Quebec, and smaller
                               holdings in New Brunswick, Manitoba, Alberta, and British
                               Columbia. The Orion fixed wireless LTE national network utilizes
                               the jointly held 2300 MHz bands.
  Various                      Two network-sharing arrangements to enhance coverage and
                               network capabilities:
                               • with Bell MTS, which covers 98% of the population across             2G GSM, 3.5G / 4G HSPA+, 4G LTE,
                                 Manitoba; and                                                        5G subscribers.
                               • with Videotron to provide HSPA and LTE services across the           4G LTE subscribers.
                                 province of Quebec and Ottawa.


CABLE
Our expansive fibre and hybrid fibre-coaxial (HFC) cable network          border through Minneapolis, Milwaukee, and Chicago; from
delivers services to homes and businesses in Ontario, New                 Toronto through Buffalo; and from Montreal through Albany to
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and on the island of Newfoundland. This           New York City and Ashburn, allowing us to connect Canada’s
transcontinental, facilities-based fibre-optic network with 85,000        largest markets, while also reaching key US markets for the
kilometres of fibre optic cable is also used to service business          exchange of data, video, and voice traffic.
customers, including government and other telecommunications
                                                                          Our network is engineered for performance and redundancy and
service providers outside of our home markets. We also use our
                                                                          to allow for the simultaneous delivery of video, voice, and Internet.
extensive fibre network for backhaul for wireless cell site traffic. In
                                                                          Diverse fibre paths that interconnect hubs provide redundancy to
Canada, the network extends coast-to-coast and includes fibre,
                                                                          minimize disruptions that can result from fibre cuts and other
both local and regional, and transmission systems and IP routers in
                                                                          events.
hubs and points of presence. The network also extends to the US
from Vancouver south to Seattle; from the Manitoba-Minnesota




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   27
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Homes and commercial buildings are connected to the core                 solutions. We own and operate nine state-of-the-art, highly reliable,
         network through our HFC and DOCSIS or ten gigabit symmetrical            certified data centres across Canada, including:
         passive optical network (XGS-PON) access networks. We connect            • Canada’s first Tier III Design and Construction certified multi-
         the HFC and PON nodes to the core network using fibre optic                tenant facility in Toronto;
         cable and from the home to the node using coaxial cable or fibre.        • Alberta’s first Tier III certified data centre; and
         Using 1.2GHz, 860 MHz, and 750 MHz of cable spectrum for our             • a third Tier III certified data centre in Ottawa.
         HFC networks in Ontario and Atlantic Canada, respectively, we
                                                                                  We leverage our national fibre, cable, and wireless networks and
         deliver video, voice, and broadband services to our customers. HFC
                                                                                  data centre infrastructure to enable businesses to deliver greater
         node segmentation reduces the number of homes passed per
                                                                                  value to their customers through proactive network monitoring and
         HFC node, thereby increasing the bandwidth and capacity per
                                                                                  problem resolution with enterprise-level reliability, security, and
         subscriber.
                                                                                  performance. Our primary and secondary network operation
         We continually invest in our network to augment capacity, enhance        centres proactively monitor Rogers’ networks to mitigate the risk of
         performance and resilience, reduce operating costs, and introduce        service interruptions and to allow for rapid responses to any
         new features and functionality. Our investments are focused on:          outages.
         • modernizing our HFC network to 1.2 GHz and subsequently
           1.8 GHz in preparation for DOCSIS 4.0 (as the technology
           becomes generally available), which will:
                                                                                  CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
           • expand cable spectrum capacity;                                      We are committed to providing our customers with the best
           • enhance network performance, quality, and resilience with            experience possible. To do this, we have invested in several areas to
              digital fibre optics and new higher radio frequency amplifiers;     make it easier and more convenient for customers to interact with
              and                                                                 us, such as:
           • reduce homes passed per node with segmentation;                      • live customer support handled by customer solution specialists
         • increasing capacity per subscriber by enabling additional                located entirely within Canada;
           DOCSIS 3.1 downstream and upstream channels and preparing              • 24/7 customer support handled by virtual assistant tools that
           for the deployment of DOCSIS 4.0 that will support symmetrical           provide customers the option for live chat or scheduled
           Gbps speeds and lower latency;                                           callbacks;
         • expanding our fibre network connecting more homes, multiple            • an innovative Integrated Voice Response (IVR) system that can
           dwelling unit buildings, and business premises directly to fibre         take calls in English, French, Mandarin, and Cantonese;
           and XGS-PON technology; and                                            • voice authentication technology across all of our contact centres
         • enhancing resilience by separating the wireless and wireline IP          that automatically identifies our registered customers by their
           core networks, adding equipment redundancy, and adding                   voice, increasing security and protecting customers from
           additional fibre paths to protect against simultaneous outages.          potential fraud;
                                                                                  • self-serve options, including:
         Fixed wireless access services and expanding our cable footprint is
                                                                                    • the ability for Fido and Rogers customers to complete price
         a key priority for connecting all areas of Canada, including rural and
                                                                                       plan changes, hardware upgrades, and other account updates
         underserved areas. We are actively investing in the expansion of
                                                                                       online;
         our network in both Wireless and Cable to leverage what’s needed
                                                                                    • a simplified login, allowing Fido customers to log in to their
         to offer fixed wireless Internet access. We are investing in the next
                                                                                       accounts online or through the Fido MyAccount app using
         generation of broadband wireless data networks, such as 5G/5G+
                                                                                       their Facebook login credentials, eliminating the need to
         technologies, to support the growing data demand and new
                                                                                       remember multiple login credentials and making self-service
         products and applications. This requires a strong network, capable
                                                                                       easier to access;
         of supporting both wireline and wireless data at low latencies to
                                                                                    • the ability for customers to install their Internet, TV, home
         ensure new products and applications operate as intended.
                                                                                       phone, smart home monitoring, and Ignite Streaming
         We continue to invest in and improve our cable network services;              products at their convenience, without the need for a
         for example, with technology to support multi-gigabit Internet                technician visiting their residence;
         speeds, Ignite TV, Rogers 4K TV, and a significant commitment to           • Rogers EnRoute, a tool that gives customers the ability to track
         live broadcasting in 4K, including regular season Toronto Blue Jays           on their phone when a technician will arrive for an installation
         home games and numerous NHL and NBA games.                                    or service call; and
                                                                                    • the ability for chatr customers to use SMS to easily review
         Voice-over-cable telephony services are also served using the
                                                                                       account information, balance details, and top up their account;
         DOCSIS network. Our offerings ensure a high quality of service by
                                                                                  • customer care available over Facebook Messenger, Twitter, and
         including geographic redundancy and network backup powering.
                                                                                    online chat through our websites;
         Our phone service includes a rich set of features, such as three-way
                                                                                  • Rogers Infinite unlimited data plans with no overage charges;
         calling, and advanced voicemail features that allow customers to be
                                                                                  • 24-month, $0 down, interest-free wireless device financing on
         notified of, and listen to, their home voicemail on their wireless
                                                                                    Rogers Infinite plans and through our Fido Payment Program;
         phone or over the Internet.
                                                                                  • Ignite WiFi Hub for all Ignite TV customers, giving them ultimate
         We own and operate some of the most advanced networks and                  control over their WiFi experience;
         data centres in Canada. Our data centres provide guaranteed
         uptime and expertise in collocation, cloud, and managed services




28   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
• Family Data Manager, a data manager tool, and Data Top Ups,
  both of which allow Wireless customers to manage and
                                                                        WIDESPREAD PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION
  customize their data usage in real-time through MyRogers;             WIRELESS
• Fido 5 Extra Hours, which grant Fido customers an additional five     We have an extensive national distribution network and offer our
  hours of data, per billing cycle, at no extra charge;                 wireless products nationally through multiple channels, including:
• Fido XTRA, a program that gives Fido postpaid Wireless and            • company-owned Rogers, Fido, and chatr retail stores;
  Internet customers free access to new perks every Thursday, such      • customer self-serve using rogers.com, fido.ca, chatrwireless.com,
  as deals and giveaways from leading brands on food, drinks,             and e-commerce sites;
  apparel, entertainment, and more;                                     • an extensive independent dealer network;
• a simple online bill, making it easier for customers to read and      • major retail chains and convenience stores;
  understand their monthly charges;                                     • other distribution channels, such as WOW! mobile boutique, as
• Roam Like Home and Fido Roam, worry-free wireless roaming               well as Wireless Wave and TBooth Wireless through our
  allowing Canadians to use their wireless plan like they do at           ownership interest in Glentel;
  home when traveling to included destinations;                         • our contact centres; and
• DAY PASS, a flexible daily payment option for chatr customers;        • outbound telemarketing.
• Top Up as a Guest, which allows chatr customers to top up an
  account without signing in;
• Advantage Mobility and Advantage Security, business-grade
                                                                        CABLE
                                                                        We distribute our residential cable products using various channels,
  solutions offered by Rogers for Business to support small- and
  medium-sized Canadian enterprises with reliable connectivity          including:
  and network security;                                                 • company-owned Rogers and Fido retail stores;
• a Premium Device Protection program, including AppleCare              • customer self-serve using rogers.com and fido.ca;
  services for Rogers and Fido customers, offering customers more       • our Canada-based contact centres, outbound telemarketing,
  protection and choice;                                                   and door-to-door agents; and
• Express Pickup, a free service that allows customers to purchase a    • major retail chains.
  new device online or through a customer care agent and pick up        Our sales team and third-party retailers sell services to the business,
  it up the same day in-store;                                          public sector, and carrier wholesale markets. An extensive network
• an online appointment booking tool, allowing customers to             of third-party channel distributors deals with IT integrators,
  conveniently schedule an appointment to speak to a Rogers             consultants, local service providers, and other indirect sales
  expert at a specific store and time; and                              relationships. This diverse approach gives greater breadth of
• Certified Walk-in Repairs, a fast and reliable phone repair service   coverage and allows for strong sales growth for next-generation
  offering customers more convenience, flexibility, and reliability.
                                                                        services.

POWERFUL BRANDS                                                         FIRST-CLASS MEDIA CONTENT
The Rogers brand has strong national recognition through our:
                                                                        We deliver highly sought-after sports content enhanced by the
• established networks;
                                                                        following initiatives:
• extensive distribution;
                                                                        • an exclusive national 12-year agreement with the NHL, which
• recognizable media content and programming;
                                                                           runs through the 2025-2026 season, as well as regional
• advertising;
                                                                           agreements, that allows us to deliver coverage of professional
• event and venue sponsorships;
                                                                           hockey in Canada across television, smartphones, tablets, and
• community investment, including the Ted Rogers Scholarship
                                                                           other streaming devices;
  Fund and Ted Rogers Community Grants; and
                                                                        • broadcasting and distribution rights of the Toronto Blue Jays in
• naming rights to some of Canada’s landmark buildings.
                                                                           Canada through our ownership of the team;
We also own or utilize some of Canada’s most recognized brands,         • SN NOW, an OTT sports service, offering 24/7 access to
including:                                                                 Sportsnet’s TV content;
• the wireless brands of Rogers, Fido, and chatr;                       • the MLB Network, a 24-hour network dedicated to baseball,
• the residential brands of Rogers and Fido;                               brought to Canada on Rogers television services;
• 23 TV stations and specialty channels, including Sportsnet,           • an 11-year broadcasting agreement with the NBA, which runs
   OMNI, Citytv, FX (Canada), and FXX (Canada);                            through the 2025-2026 season, that allows us to deliver
• 54 radio stations, including 98.1 CHFI, CityNews 680, Sportsnet          coverage of professional basketball in Canada across television,
   590 The FAN, KiSS, JACK, and SONiC;                                     smartphones, tablets, and other streaming devices; and
• major league sports teams, including the Toronto Blue Jays, and       • a 10-year, multi-platform agreement that runs through August
   teams owned by MLSE, such as the Toronto Maple Leafs, the               2024, which makes Rogers the exclusive wholesaler and
   Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC, and the Toronto Argonauts;                 Canadian distributor of World Wrestling Entertainment’s (WWE)
• an exclusive national 12-year agreement with the NHL, which              flagship programming.
   runs through the 2025-2026 season, as well as regional
   agreements, that allows us to deliver coverage of professional
   hockey in Canada; and
• Today’s Shopping Choice, a premium online and TV shopping
   retailer.



                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   29
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                the cash consideration of the Shaw Transaction; however, we
         ENGAGED PEOPLE
                                                                                expect we will have sufficient capital resources to satisfy our
         For our team of approximately 22,000 employees, we strive to           anticipated cash funding requirements in 2023, including the Shaw
         create a great workplace, focusing on all aspects of the employee      Transaction, funding of dividends on our common shares,
         experience, which include:                                             repayment of maturing short-term borrowings and long-term debt,
         • engaging employees and building high-performing teams                and other financing and investing activities. This takes into account
            through various initiatives;                                        our opening cash balance, cash provided by operating activities,
         • aiming to attract and retain top talent through effective training   and funds available to us under credit facilities, our receivables
            and development, performance-driven employee recognition            securitization program, our US CP program, and other bank
            programs, and career progression programs for front-line            facilities or debt issued, including, for the purposes of the Shaw
            employees;                                                          Transaction as necessary, the $12.8 billion restricted cash and cash
         • maintaining our commitment to diversity and inclusion; and           equivalents and the $6 billion term loan facility. As at December 31,
         • providing a safe, collaborative, and agile workplace that provides   2022, there were no significant restrictions on the flow of funds
            employees the tools and training to be successful.                  between RCI and its subsidiary companies.

                                                                                We believe we can satisfy foreseeable additional funding
         FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND FLEXIBILITY                                     requirements through cash provided by operating activities and
                                                                                additional financing, which, depending on market conditions,
         We have an investment-grade balance sheet and substantial
                                                                                could include restructuring our existing bank credit and letter of
         available liquidity of $4.9 billion as at December 31, 2022. Our
                                                                                credit facilities, entering into new bank credit facilities, issuing long­
         capital resources consist primarily of cash balances, cash provided
                                                                                term or short-term debt, amending the terms of our receivables
         by operating activities, available lines of credit, funds available
                                                                                securitization or US CP programs, or issuing equity. We may also
         under our receivables securitization program, issuances of US
                                                                                opportunistically refinance a portion of existing debt depending on
         dollar-denominated commercial paper (US CP) under our US CP
                                                                                market conditions and other factors. There is no assurance,
         program, and long-term debt. We also owned approximately
                                                                                however, that these financing initiatives will or can be done as they
         $1,200 million of marketable equity securities in publicly traded
                                                                                become necessary.
         companies as at December 31, 2022.

         The following information is forward-looking and should be read in
                                                                                WIDESPREAD SHAREHOLDER BASE AND
         conjunction with “About Forward-Looking Information”, “Financial
         and Operating Guidance”, “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our        DIVIDENDS
         Business”, and our other disclosures about various economic,
                                                                                RCI’s Class B Non-Voting common shares (Class B Non-Voting
         competitive, and regulatory assumptions, factors, and risks that
                                                                                Shares) are widely held and actively trade on the TSX and the NYSE
         could cause our actual future financial and operating results to
                                                                                with a combined average daily trading volume of approximately
         differ from those currently expected.
                                                                                2.0 million shares in 2022. In addition, RCI’s Class A Voting
         The Shaw Transaction has had, and will continue to have, a             common shares (Class A Shares) trade on the TSX. At the discretion
         significant impact on our capital structure as we issued               of the Board, we pay an equal dividend on both classes of shares.
         US$7.05 billion and $4.25 billion of debt in March 2022 (see           In 2022, each share paid an annualized dividend of $2.00.
         “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”) to partially fund




30   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
2022 Financial Results
See “Accounting Policies” in this MD&A and the notes to our 2022                            competitors. Many of these are not defined terms under IFRS and
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for important                                     should not be considered alternative measures to net income or
accounting policies and estimates as they relate to the following                           any other financial measure of performance under IFRS. See “Key
discussion.                                                                                 Performance Indicators” and “Non-GAAP and Other Financial
                                                                                            Measures” for more information.
We use several key performance indicators to measure our
performance against our strategy and the results of our peers and


SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                 Years ended December 31

(In millions of dollars, except margins and per share amounts)                                                                                   2022           2021      % Chg

Revenue
    Wireless                                                                                                                                     9,197         8,768            5
    Cable                                                                                                                                        4,071         4,072            –
    Media                                                                                                                                        2,277         1,975           15
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                                                                 (149)         (160)          (7)
Revenue                                                                                                                                       15,396         14,655              5
Total service revenue 1                                                                                                                       13,305         12,533              6
Adjusted EBITDA
    Wireless                                                                                                                                     4,469         4,214            6
    Cable                                                                                                                                        2,058         2,013            2
    Media                                                                                                                                           69          (127)        n/m
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                                                                 (203)         (213)          (5)
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                                  6,393         5,887            9
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                           41.5%         40.2%      1.3 pts


Net income                                                                                                                                       1,680         1,558             8
Basic earnings per share                                                                                                                     $    3.33     $    3.09             8
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                                                   $    3.32     $    3.07             8

Adjusted net income                                                                                                                              1,915         1,803             6
Adjusted basic earnings per share                                                                                                            $    3.79     $    3.57             6
Adjusted diluted earnings per share 2                                                                                                        $    3.78     $    3.56             6


Capital expenditures                                                                                                                             3,075         2,788           10
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                            4,493         4,161            8
Free cash flow                                                                                                                                   1,773         1,671            6
Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                                                                                                          1,985         1,671           19
1   As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
2   Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP ratio. Adjusted net income is a non-GAAP financial measure and is a component of adjusted diluted earnings per share. This is
    not a standardized financial measure under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial
    Measures” for more information about this measure.




                                                                                                                         2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                |   31
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         KEY CHANGES IN FINANCIAL RESULTS YEAR                                    ADJUSTED EBITDA
                                                                                  Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased this year, primarily due to
         OVER YEAR                                                                increases in Wireless and Cable adjusted EBITDA, which led to an
                                                                                  adjusted EBITDA margin of 41.5%.
         REVENUE
         Wireless service revenue increased this year, primarily as a result of   Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased this year, primarily due to the
         higher roaming revenue associated with significantly increased           flow-through impact of higher revenue as discussed above. This
         travel, as COVID-19-related global travel restrictions were removed,     gave rise to a Wireless adjusted EBITDA service margin of 62.7%.
         and a larger postpaid mobile phone subscriber base, partially
         offset by credits granted to subscribers relating to the July network    Cable adjusted EBITDA increased this year, primarily as a result of
         outage. Wireless equipment revenue decreased this year as a result       lower operating expenses due to recognized cost efficiencies,
         of fewer of our new subscribers purchasing devices and fewer             which led to a Cable adjusted EBITDA margin of 50.6%.
         device upgrades by existing subscribers.                                 Media adjusted EBITDA increased this year, primarily as a result of
         Cable revenue was in line with 2021, primarily as a result of            higher revenue as discussed above, partially offset by higher
         increased competitive promotional activity and credits granted to        Toronto Blue Jays player payroll costs and higher production and
         subscribers relating to the July network outage, offset by service       other operating costs as a result of increased activities as COVID-19
         pricing changes made in the first quarter and an increase in total       restrictions were removed.
         customer relationships.
                                                                                  NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED NET INCOME
         Media revenue increased this year, primarily as a result of higher       Net income and adjusted net income increased this year, primarily
         Toronto Blue Jays revenue, driven by the increase to full audience       as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, partially offset by higher
         capacity for the full year at the Rogers Centre, and higher              finance costs attributable to the Shaw senior note financing.
         advertising revenue, partially offset by lower Today’s Shopping
         Choice revenue.




32   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                      Service revenue
WIRELESS
                                                                                      Service revenue includes revenue derived from voice and data
                                                                                      services from:
ROGERS IS CANADA’S LARGEST PROVIDER OF                                                • postpaid and prepaid monthly fees;
WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES                                                      • data usage;
                                                                                      • airtime;
As at December 31, 2022, we had:
                                                                                      • long distance charges;
• approximately 10.6 million wireless mobile phone
                                                                                      • essential services charges;
  subscribers; and                                                                    • inbound and outbound roaming charges; and
• approximately 30% subscriber and revenue share of the                               • certain other fees and charges.
  Canadian wireless market.
                                                                                      The 7% increase in service revenue this year was a result of:
WIRELESS FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                            • higher roaming revenue associated with significantly increased
                                                                                        travel as COVID-19-related global travel restrictions were less
                                                     Years ended December 31            strict than last year; and
(In millions of dollars, except margins)              2022       2021     % Chg       • a larger mobile phone subscriber base; partially offset by
                                                                                      • credits granted to subscribers relating to the July network
Revenue
                                                                                        outage.
    Service revenue                                  7,131      6,666            7
    Equipment revenue                                2,066      2,102           (2)   The 2% increase in mobile phone ARPU was primarily a result of
Revenue                                              9,197      8,768           5     the increased roaming revenue.
Operating expenses                                                                    The increases in gross and net additions to our postpaid subscriber
   Cost of equipment                                 2,115      2,142           (1)   base were a result of strong operating performance, an increase in
   Other operating expenses                          2,613      2,412            8    market activity by Canadians, and increasing immigration levels
Operating expenses                                   4,728      4,554           4     with the continuing improvement of the economy as the COVID-19
                                                                                      environment improved.
Adjusted EBITDA                                      4,469      4,214           6

Adjusted EBITDA service margin 1                     62.7%      63.2%     (0.5 pts)   Equipment revenue
Adjusted EBITDA margin 2                             48.6%      48.1%      0.5 pts    Equipment revenue includes revenue from sales of mobile devices
Capital expenditures                                 1,758      1,515          16
                                                                                      to subscribers through fulfillment by Wireless’ customer service
1   Calculated using service revenue.                                                 groups, websites, telesales, corporate stores, and independent
2   Calculated using total revenue.                                                   dealers, agents, and retailers.

                                                                                      The 2% decrease in equipment revenue this year was a result of:
WIRELESS SUBSCRIBER RESULTS 1
                                                                                      • fewer of our new subscribers purchasing devices; and
                                                     Years ended December 31          • fewer device upgrades by existing customers; partially offset by
(In thousands, except churn and
mobile phone ARPU)                                 2022        2021          Chg
                                                                                      • lower promotional activity.

Postpaid mobile phone
                                                                                      OPERATING EXPENSES
    Gross additions                               1,523       1,304          219
    Net additions                                   545         403          142
                                                                                      We record operating expenses in two categories:
    Total postpaid mobile phone subscribers 2     9,392       8,847          545      • the cost of wireless devices and equipment; and
    Churn (monthly)                               0.90%       0.88%      0.02 pts     • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations, to service
Prepaid mobile phone                                                                    existing subscriber relationships, and to attract new subscribers.
    Gross additions                                  796         512          284
    Net additions                                     89         (94)         183
                                                                                      The 1% decrease in the cost of equipment this year was a result of:
    Total prepaid mobile phone subscribers 2       1,255       1,166           89     • fewer of our new subscribers purchasing devices; and
    Churn (monthly)                               4.90%       4.20%       0.70 pts    • fewer device upgrades by existing customers; partially offset by
Mobile phone ARPU (monthly)                      $ 57.89     $ 56.83    $    1.06     • a continued shift in the product mix towards higher-value
                                                                                        devices.
1 Subscriber counts and subscriber churn are key performance indicators. See “Key
  Performance Indicators”.                                                            The 8% increase in other operating expenses this year was primarily
2 As at end of period.
                                                                                      a result of higher costs associated with the increased revenue,
                                                                                      which included increased roaming, commissions, and advertising.
REVENUE
Our revenue depends on the size of our subscriber base, the
                                                                                      ADJUSTED EBITDA
revenue per user, the revenue from the sale of wireless devices, and
                                                                                      The 6% increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
other equipment revenue.
                                                                                      revenue and expense changes discussed above.




                                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   33
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         CABLE                                                                                       REVENUE
                                                                                                     Service revenue
                                                                                                     Service revenue includes revenue derived from:
         ONE OF CANADA’S LEADING PROVIDERS OF HIGH­                                                  • monthly subscription and additional use service revenue from
         SPEED INTERNET, CABLE TELEVISION, AND PHONE                                                   residential, small business, enterprise, public sector, and
         SERVICES                                                                                      wholesale Internet access subscribers;
                                                                                                     • monthly service revenue from our smart home monitoring
         As at December 31, 2022, we had:                                                              products;
         • approximately 2.3 million retail Internet subscribers;                                    • modem, television set-top box, and other equipment rental fees;
         • approximately 1.5 million Video subscribers; and                                          • IPTV and digital cable services, such as:
         • a network passing approximately 4.8 million homes in                                        • basic service fees;
           Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and on the island of                                   • tier service fees;
           Newfoundland.                                                                               • access fees for use of channel capacity by third parties; and
                                                                                                       • premium and specialty service subscription fees, including
         CABLE FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                                          pay-per-view service fees and video-on-demand service fees;
                                                                                                     • monthly service fees;
                                                                   Years ended December 31
                                                                                                     • calling features, such as voicemail, call waiting, and caller ID; and
         (In millions of dollars, except margins)                    2022       2021     % Chg       • long distance calling.
         Revenue
                                                                                                     Cable service revenue was in line with 2021 as a result of:
             Service revenue                                        4,046      4,052           –
                                                                                                     • increased competitive promotional activity;
             Equipment revenue                                         25         20          25
                                                                                                     • credits granted to subscribers relating to the July network
         Revenue                                                    4,071      4,072            –      outage; and
         Operating expenses                                         2,013      2,059           (2)   • declines in our Home Phone and Smart Home Monitoring
         Adjusted EBITDA                                            2,058      2,013           2       subscriber bases; offset by
                                                                                                     • service pricing changes made in the first quarter; and
         Adjusted EBITDA margin                                     50.6%     49.4%      1.2 pts
         Capital expenditures                                       1,019       913          12
                                                                                                     • the increase in total customer relationships over the past year,
                                                                                                       due to growth in our retail Internet and Video subscriber bases.

                                                                                                     The lower customer relationship net additions, the lower retail
         CABLE SUBSCRIBER RESULTS 1
                                                                                                     Internet net additions, and the lower ARPA this year were a result of
         (In thousands, except ARPA and
                                                                   Years ended December 31           increased competitive promotional activity throughout the latter
         penetration)                                           2022         2021           Chg      half of the year.

         Homes passed 2                                         4,804       4,700            104
                                                                                                     Equipment revenue
         Customer relationships
             Net additions                                         6           31             (25)
                                                                                                     Equipment revenue includes revenue generated from the sale of
             Total customer relationships 2,3                  2,590        2,581               9    television set-top boxes, Internet modems and other equipment,
         ARPA (monthly)                                      $130.12      $132.58      ($ 2.46)      and smart home monitoring equipment. The increase in
         Penetration 2                                         53.9%        54.9%        (1.0 pts)   equipment revenue this year was a result of higher Ignite
                                                                                                     equipment sales.
         Retail Internet
             Net additions                                         52          71            (19)
             Total retail Internet subscribers 2,3              2,284       2,229             55     OPERATING EXPENSES
         Video                                                                                       We record Cable operating expenses in three categories:
             Net additions (losses)                                32          (9)            41     • the cost of programming;
             Total Video subscribers 2,3                        1,525       1,491             34     • the cost of equipment revenue (including smart home
         Smart Home Monitoring                                                                         monitoring equipment); and
            Net losses                                            (12)         (18)            6     • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations, to service
            Total Smart Home Monitoring                                                                and retain existing subscriber relationships, and to attract new
               subscribers 2                                      101         113            (12)
                                                                                                       subscribers.
         Home Phone
            Net losses                                            (76)        (90)            14     The 2% decrease in operating expenses this year was a result of
            Total Home Phone subscribers 2,3                      836         911            (75)    cost efficiencies, including lower content-related costs, partially due
                                                                                                     to negotiation of certain content rates with suppliers.
         1 Subscriber results are key performance indicators. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
         2 As at end of period.
         3 On March 16, 2022, we acquired approximately 3,000 retail Internet subscribers,
                                                                                                     ADJUSTED EBITDA
           2,000 Video subscribers, 1,000 Home Phone subscribers, and 3,000 customer                 The 2% increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
           relationships as a result of our acquisition of a small regional cable company in Nova
           Scotia, which are not included in net additions, but do appear in the ending total
                                                                                                     revenue and expense changes described above.
           balances for December 31, 2022.




34   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                          The 15% increase in revenue this year was a result of:
MEDIA
                                                                          • higher sports-related revenue, including:
                                                                            • higher Toronto Blue Jays revenue, primarily as a result of
DIVERSIFIED CANADIAN MEDIA COMPANY                                             increased attendance from strong team performance and the
We have a broad portfolio of media properties, which most                      availability for fan attendance to reach full capacity at the
significantly includes:                                                        Rogers Centre as COVID-19 restrictions were removed and a
• sports media and entertainment, such as Sportsnet and the                    distribution from MLB; and
  Toronto Blue Jays;                                                        • negotiation of certain content rates; and
                                                                          • higher advertising revenue due to the continuing improvement
• our exclusive national 12-year NHL Agreement, which runs
                                                                            of the economy as the COVID-19 environment improved and
  through the 2025-2026 season;
                                                                            increased sports betting; partially offset by
• category-leading television and radio broadcasting
                                                                          • lower Today’s Shopping Choice revenue.
  properties;
• multi-platform televised and online shopping; and
                                                                          OPERATING EXPENSES
• digital media.
                                                                          We record Media operating expenses in four primary categories:
                                                                          • the cost of broadcast content, including sports programming
MEDIA FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                     and production;
                                             Years ended December 31      • Toronto Blue Jays player compensation;
                                                                          • the cost of retail products sold; and
(In millions of dollars, except margins)       2022    2021     % Chg
                                                                          • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations.
Revenue                                       2,277    1,975        15
Operating expenses                            2,208    2,102         5
                                                                          The 5% increase in operating expenses this year was a result of:
                                                                          • higher Toronto Blue Jays expenses, including player payroll, and
Adjusted EBITDA                                  69     (127)     (154)
                                                                            game day costs due to increased attendance from strong team
Adjusted EBITDA margin                         3.0%   (6.4)%    9.4 pts     performance and the availability for fan attendance to reach full
Capital expenditures                            142      115        23      capacity at the Rogers Centre; and
                                                                          • higher production and other general operating costs as a result
                                                                            of increased activities as COVID-19 restrictions were removed;
REVENUE
                                                                            partially offset by
Media revenue is earned from:
                                                                          • lower Today’s Shopping Choice costs in line with the lower
• advertising sales across its television, radio, and digital media
                                                                            revenue.
  properties;
• subscriptions to televised and OTT products;
• ticket sales, fund redistribution and other distributions from MLB,     ADJUSTED EBITDA
  and concession sales; and                                               The increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
• retail product sales.                                                   revenue and expense changes described above.




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   35
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                 we managed traffic volumes returning to normal levels. We will
         CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
                                                                                                 continue to direct capital expenditures to strengthen the resilience
                                                                                                 of our networks and make significant investments to strengthen our
         Capital expenditures include costs associated with acquiring
                                                                                                 technology systems, increase network stability for our customers,
         property, plant and equipment and placing it into service. The
                                                                                                 and enhance our testing.
         telecommunications business requires extensive and continual
         investments, including investment in new technologies and the
         expansion of capacity and geographical reach. Expenditures                              WIRELESS
         related to the acquisition of spectrum licences and additions to                        The increase in capital expenditures in Wireless this year was a
         right-of-use assets are not included in capital expenditures and do                     result of investments made to upgrade and expand our wireless
         not factor into the calculation of free cash flow or capital intensity.                 network. We deployed 3500 MHz spectrum licences in several
         See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”, “Key                              cities across Canada, including Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver,
         Performance Indicators”, and “Non-GAAP and Other Financial                              Calgary, Edmonton, and Halifax, among others. The ongoing
         Measures” for more information.                                                         deployment of 3500 MHz spectrum substantially augments the
                                                                                                 capacity and resilience of our earlier 5G deployments in the
         Capital expenditures are significant and have a material impact on                      600 MHz spectrum band.
         our cash flows; therefore, our management teams focus on
         planning, funding, and managing them. We believe this measure                           CABLE
         best reflects our cost of property, plant and equipment in a given                      The increase in capital expenditures in Cable this year reflect
         period and is a simpler measure for comparing between periods.                          continued investments in our network infrastructure, including
                                                             Years ended December 31             additional fibre deployments to increase our FTTH distribution.
         (In millions of dollars, except capital                                                 These upgrades will lower the number of homes passed per node
         intensity)                                              2022       2021     % Chg
                                                                                                 and incorporate the latest technologies to help deliver more
              Wireless                                          1,758      1,515           16    bandwidth and an even more engaging customer experience as
              Cable                                             1,019        913           12    we progress in our connected home roadmap, including service
              Media                                               142        115           23    footprint expansion and upgrades to our DOCSIS 3.1 platform to
              Corporate                                           156        245          (36)   evolve to DOCSIS 4.0, which will offer increased network resilience
         Capital expenditures 1                                 3,075      2,788          10     and stability along with faster download speeds over time.
         Capital intensity 2                                   20.0%      19.0%      1.0 pts
                                                                                                 MEDIA
         1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition,
           but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences, additions to right-of-use
                                                                                                 The increase in capital expenditures this year was primarily a result
           assets, or assets acquired through business combinations.                             of higher Toronto Blue Jays stadium infrastructure expenditures,
         2 Capital intensity is a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other       partially offset by lower broadcast infrastructure expenditures,
           Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.         relating to investments in new production studios in the prior year.
         One of our objectives is to deliver world-class connectivity to
         Canadian consumers and businesses. As we continually work                               CORPORATE
         towards this, we spent more on our wireless and wireline networks                       The decrease in corporate capital expenditures this year was a
         this year than we have in the past several years. This year, we                         result of lower investments in our corporate information technology
         continued to roll out our 5G network, the largest 5G network in                         infrastructure.
         Canada, across the country. We also continued to invest in fibre
         deployments, including FTTH, in our cable network and we                                CAPITAL INTENSITY
         expanded our network footprint to reach more homes and                                  Capital intensity increased this year as a result of higher capital
         businesses.                                                                             expenditures, partially offset by higher revenue, as discussed
                                                                                                 above.
         On July 8, 2022, a network outage occurred across both wireless
         and wireline services following a maintenance update in our core
         network that caused some of our routers to malfunction. We
         disconnected the specific equipment and redirected traffic, which
         allowed our network and services to come back online over time as




36   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED PERFORMANCE                                     FINANCE COSTS

This section discusses our net income and other expenses that do                                                           Years ended December 31
not form part of the segment discussions above.                        (In millions of dollars)                              2022        2021       % Chg
                                        Years ended December 31        Interest on borrowings                                 907         745            22
                                                                       Interest on Shaw senior note
(In millions of dollars)                  2022      2021     % Chg
                                                                          financing                                           447             –            –
Adjusted EBITDA                           6,393    5,887          9
                                                                       Total interest on borrowings 1                       1,354         745            82
Deduct (add):
                                                                       Interest earned on restricted cash and
    Depreciation and amortization         2,576    2,585           –
                                                                          cash equivalents                                    (235)           –            –
    Restructuring, acquisition and
       other                                310      324         (4)   Interest on borrowings, net                          1,119         745             (1)
    Finance costs                         1,233      849        45     Interest on lease liabilities                           80          74             (1)
    Other (income) expense                  (15)       2       n/m     Interest on post-employment benefits
    Income tax expense                      609      569          7       liability                                            (1)          14         n/m
                                                                       Loss on foreign exchange                               127           10         n/m
Net income                                1,680    1,558          8
                                                                       Change in fair value of derivative
                                                                          instruments                                         (126)         (6)        n/m
ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                        Capitalized interest                                    (29)        (17)         71
See “Key Changes in Financial Results Year Over Year” for a            Deferred transaction costs and other                     63          29         117
discussion of the increase in adjusted EBITDA this year.               Total finance costs                                  1,233         849            45
                                                                       1   Interest on borrowings includes interest on short-term borrowings and on long-term
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
                                                                           debt.
                                        Years ended December 31
                                                                       The 45% increase in finance costs this year was primarily due to an
(In millions of dollars)                  2022      2021     % Chg     increase in net interest borrowings this year as a result of new debt
                                                                       issued, primarily associated with the completion of our long-term
Depreciation of property, plant and
                                                                       financing for the Shaw Transaction, to support our acquisition of
 equipment                                2,281    2,322         (2)
                                                                       3500 MHz spectrum licences in late 2021, and to fund certain debt
Depreciation of right-of-use assets         274      246         11
                                                                       maturities, including:
Amortization                                 21       17         24
                                                                       • the issuance of $2 billion subordinated notes in December
Total depreciation and amortization       2,576    2,585           –      2021;
                                                                       • the issuance of US$750 million subordinated notes in February
                                                                          2022; and
RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER
                                                                       • the issuance of $4.25 billion and US$7.05 billion senior notes in
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
                                                                          March 2022.
$310 million (2021 – $324 million) in restructuring, acquisition and
other expenses, which included $192 million (2021 – $137 million)
                                                                       Foreign exchange and change in fair value of derivative instruments
of incremental costs supporting acquisition and integration
                                                                       We recognized $127 million in net foreign exchange losses in 2022
activities related to the Shaw Transaction, including certain costs
                                                                       (2021 – $10 million in net losses). These losses were primarily
related to the committed credit facility (which was terminated
                                                                       attributed to our US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 and our US
during the first quarter).
                                                                       CP program borrowings. In 2021, the losses were primarily
The remaining costs in 2022 were primarily severance costs             attributed to our US CP program borrowings.
associated with the targeted restructuring of our employee base.
                                                                       These foreign exchange losses were offset by the $126 million gain
The remaining costs in 2021 were primarily severance costs
                                                                       related to the change in fair value of derivatives (2021 – $6 million
associated with the targeted restructuring of our employee base,
                                                                       gain) that was primarily attributed to the debt derivatives, which
certain contract termination costs, incremental, temporary costs
                                                                       were not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, we used
incurred in response to COVID-19, and other costs.
                                                                       to substantially offset the foreign exchange risk related to these US
                                                                       dollar-denominated borrowings.

                                                                       See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more
                                                                       information about our debt and related finance costs.




                                                                                                    2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.               |   37
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                                       ADJUSTED NET INCOME
         Below is a summary of the difference between income tax expense          Adjusted net income was 6% higher compared to 2021, primarily
         computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income             as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA, partially offset by higher
         before income tax expense and the actual income tax expense for          finance costs.
         the year.
                                                                                                                                      Years ended December 31
                                                                                  (In millions of dollars, except per
                                                      Years ended December 31
                                                                                  share amounts)                                         2022         2021      % Chg
         (In millions of dollars, except tax rates)            2022       2021
                                                                                  Adjusted EBITDA                                       6,393        5,887             9
         Statutory income tax rate                         26.5%         26.5%    Deduct (add):
         Income before income tax expense                  2,289         2,127        Depreciation and amortization                     2,576        2,585            –
                                                                                      Finance costs                                     1,233          849          45
         Computed income tax expense                           607         564
                                                                                      Other (income) expense                              (15)           2         n/m
         Increase (decrease) in income tax
                                                                                      Income tax expense 1                                684          648           6
           expense resulting from:
              Non-deductible stock-based                                          Adjusted net income                                   1,915        1,803             6
                compensation                                    10           1
                                                                                  Adjusted basic earnings per share                   $ 3.79       $ 3.57              6
              Non-deductible portion of equity
                                                                                  Adjusted diluted earnings per share                 $ 3.78       $ 3.56              6
                losses                                           9          12
              Non-taxable portion of capital                                      1   Income tax expense above excludes a $75 million recovery (2021 – $79 million
                gains                                            (5)         –        recovery) for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the income tax impact for
                                                                                      adjusted items.
              Non-taxable income from security
                investments                                     (12)       (11)
              Other items                                         –          3    EMPLOYEES
                                                                                  Employee salaries and benefits represent a material portion of our
         Total income tax expense                              609         569    expenses. As at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 22,000
         Effective income tax rate                         26.6%         26.8%    employees (2021 – 23,000) across all of our operating groups,
         Cash income taxes paid                              455           700    including shared services and the corporate office. Total salaries
                                                                                  and benefits for full-time and part-time employees in 2022 were
         Our effective income tax rate this year was 26.6% compared to            $2,226 million (2021 – $2,181 million).
         26.8% for 2021. The effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021
         approximated the statutory income tax rate.

         Cash income taxes paid decreased this year as 2021 tax
         installments included a final 2020 amount arising from our
         transition to a device financing business model, which results in
         earlier recognition of equipment revenue for income tax purposes.

         NET INCOME
         Net income was 8% higher than last year. See “Key Changes in
         Financial Results Year Over Year” for more information.

                                                      Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except per
         share amounts)                                2022       2021   % Chg
         Net income                                    1,680     1,558       8
         Basic earnings per share                     $ 3.33    $ 3.09       8
         Diluted earnings per share                   $ 3.32    $ 3.07       8




38   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
2021 FULL-YEAR RESULTS COMPARED TO 2020                                    promotional activity and Internet service pricing changes in late
                                                                           2020, partially offset by declines in our legacy television and home
                                           Years ended December 31
                                                                           phone subscriber bases.
(In millions of dollars, except margins)    2021      2020     % Chg
                                                                           Media revenue increased by 23% as a result of the postponement
Revenue                                                                    of the start of the 2020-2021 NHL and NBA seasons, shifting
    Wireless                                8,768     8,530          3     revenue to 2021, and higher Toronto Blue Jays attendance-related
    Cable                                   4,072     3,946          3     revenue as COVID-19 restrictions eased and fan attendance was
    Media                                   1,975     1,606         23     permitted.
    Corporate items and
      intercompany eliminations              (160)     (166)         (4)   Adjusted EBITDA
Revenue                                    14,655    13,916          5     Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased in 2021 to $5,887 million,
Total service revenue                      12,533    11,955          5     primarily due to 4% increases in Wireless and Cable adjusted
                                                                           EBITDA, partially offset by the decrease in Media adjusted EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA                                                            with a consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin of 40%.
    Wireless                                4,214     4,067         4
    Cable                                   2,013     1,935         4      Wireless adjusted EBITDA Increased 4% as a result of the flow-
    Media                                    (127)       51       n/m      through impact of the aforementioned increases in revenue and
    Corporate items and                                                    lower bad debt expense. Although a decrease from 2020, the
      intercompany eliminations              (213)     (196)         9     ongoing long-term shift to customers financing their device
                                                                           purchases is reflected in the general improvement in our
Adjusted EBITDA                            5,887     5,857            1
                                                                           equipment margin.
Adjusted EBITDA margin                     40.2%     42.1%     (1.9 pts)
                                                                           Cable adjusted EBITDA increased by 4% in 2021 as a result of
Net income                                  1,558     1,592          (2)
                                                                           higher revenue, as discussed above.
Adjusted net income                         1,803     1,725           5
                                                                           Media adjusted EBITDA decreased by $178 million, primarily as a
                                                                           result of higher programming and production costs as a result of
Revenue
                                                                           the postponement of the start of the 2020-2021 NHL and NBA
Consolidated revenue increased by 5% in 2021, driven by a
                                                                           seasons, higher general operating costs as a result of the
revenue increase of 3% in Wireless, a 3% increase in Cable, and a
                                                                           resumption of sports and increased activities as COVID-19
23% increase in Media.
                                                                           restrictions eased, and higher Toronto Blue Jays player payroll and
Wireless service revenue increased as a result of a larger postpaid        game day costs, partially offset by higher revenue as discussed
subscriber base and higher roaming revenue, as COVID-19-related            above.
global travel restrictions in 2021 were generally less strict than in
2020, partially offset by lower overage revenue. Wireless                  Net income and adjusted net income
equipment revenue increased as a result of higher device                   Adjusted net income increased 5% in 2021 primarily as a result of
upgrades by existing customers and a shift in the product mix              the increase in adjusted EBITDA and lower finance costs. Net
towards higher-value devices, partially offset by fewer of our new         income decreased 2% in 2021 primarily as a result of higher
subscribers purchasing devices.                                            restructuring, acquisition and other costs attributable to the Shaw
                                                                           Transaction.
Cable revenue increased by 3% as a result of the movement of
Internet customers to higher speed and usage tiers, the increases
in our Internet and Ignite TV subscriber bases, and disciplined




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   39
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         QUARTERLY RESULTS
         Below is a summary of our quarterly consolidated financial results and key performance indicators for 2022 and 2021.

         QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                     2022                                               2021
         (In millions of dollars, except per share amounts)   Full Year       Q4        Q3       Q2       Q1     Full Year       Q4       Q3       Q2       Q1

         Revenue
             Wireless                                              9,197    2,578     2,267    2,212    2,140         8,768    2,415    2,215    2,064    2,074
             Cable                                                 4,071    1,019       975    1,041    1,036         4,072    1,023    1,016    1,013    1,020
             Media                                                 2,277      606       530      659      482         1,975      516      473      546      440
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations          (149)     (37)      (29)     (44)     (39)         (160)     (35)     (38)     (41)      (46)

         Total revenue                                            15,396    4,166     3,743    3,868    3,619        14,655    3,919    3,666    3,582    3,488
         Total service revenue                                    13,305    3,436     3,230    3,443    3,196        12,533    3,232    3,149    3,131    3,021

         Adjusted EBITDA
             Wireless                                              4,469    1,173     1,093    1,118    1,085         4,214    1,086    1,107    1,008    1,013
             Cable                                                 2,058      522       465      520      551         2,013      518      516      492      487
             Media                                                    69       57        76        2      (66)         (127)     (26)      33      (75)     (59)
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations          (203)     (73)      (51)     (48)     (31)         (213)     (56)     (56)     (51)     (50)

         Adjusted EBITDA                                           6,393    1,679     1,583    1,592    1,539         5,887    1,522    1,600    1,374    1,391

         Deduct (add):
            Depreciation and amortization                          2,576     648       644      638      646          2,585     658       642     647       638
            Restructuring, acquisition and other                     310      58        85       71       96            324     101        63     115        45
            Finance costs                                          1,233     287       331      357      258            849     218       207     206       218
            Other (income) expense                                   (15)    (10)       19      (18)      (6)             2     (12)       20      (7)        1

         Net income before income tax expense                      2,289     696       504      544      545          2,127     557       668     413      489
              Income tax expense                                     609     188       133      135      153            569     152       178     111      128

         Net income                                                1,680     508       371      409      392          1,558     405       490     302       361

         Earnings per share:
              Basic                                           $     3.33 $ 1.01 $ 0.73 $ 0.81 $ 0.78             $     3.09 $ 0.80 $ 0.97 $ 0.60 $ 0.71
              Diluted                                         $     3.32 $ 1.00 $ 0.71 $ 0.76 $ 0.77             $     3.07 $ 0.80 $ 0.94 $ 0.60 $ 0.70

         Net income                                                1,680     508       371      409      392          1,558     405       490     302       361
         Add (deduct):
              Restructuring, acquisition and other                  310        58        85       71       96          324      101        63     115        45
              Income tax impact of above items                      (75)      (12)      (20)     (17)     (26)         (79)     (20)      (17)    (30)      (12)

         Adjusted net income                                       1,915     554       436      463      462          1,803     486       536     387      394

         Adjusted earnings per share:
             Basic                                            $     3.79 $ 1.10 $ 0.86 $ 0.92 $ 0.91             $     3.57 $ 0.96 $ 1.06 $ 0.77 $ 0.78
             Diluted                                          $     3.78 $ 1.09 $ 0.84 $ 0.86 $ 0.91             $     3.56 $ 0.96 $ 1.03 $ 0.76 $ 0.77
         Capital expenditures                                      3,075   776    872    778    649                   2,788   846    739    719    484
         Cash provided by operating activities                     4,493 1,145 1,216 1,319      813                   4,161 1,147 1,319 1,016      679
         Free cash flow                                            1,773   635    279    344    515                   1,671   468    507    302    394
         Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                   1,985   644    347    451    543                   1,671   468    507    302    394




40   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FOURTH QUARTER 2022 RESULTS                                             seasons, sports-related revenue and expenses, such as
Results commentary in “Fourth Quarter 2022 Results” compares            programming rights amortization, were recognized at different
the fourth quarter of 2022 with the fourth quarter of 2021.             points in time than is typical. Furthermore, the Toronto Blue Jays
                                                                        being able to allow limited game-day attendance impacted
Revenue                                                                 revenue and operating expenses. In 2022, COVID-19 did not have
Total revenue and total service revenue each increased by 6% in the     a material impact on our operating results.
fourth quarter, driven primarily by revenue growth in our Wireless      We do not expect COVID-19 to continue to significantly affect our
and Media businesses.                                                   operating results in 2023 and there is less uncertainty surrounding
Wireless service revenue increased by 7% in the fourth quarter,         the duration and potential outcomes of COVID-19.
primarily as a result of higher roaming revenue associated with         Fluctuations in net income from quarter to quarter can also be
increased travel, as COVID-19-related global travel restrictions were   attributed to losses on the repayment of debt, foreign exchange
removed, and a larger postpaid mobile phone subscriber base.            gains or losses, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments,
Wireless equipment revenue increased by 6%, as a result of higher       other income and expenses, restructuring, acquisition and other
device upgrades by existing customers, and a continued shift in the     costs, impairment of assets, and changes in income tax expense.
product mix towards higher-value devices.

Cable service revenue was stable in the fourth quarter, primarily as    Wireless
a result of increased competitive promotional activity, offset by       Trends affecting both Wireless revenue and adjusted EBITDA
service pricing changes made in the first quarter and an increase in    reflect:
total customer relationships.                                           • the growing number of wireless subscribers;
                                                                        • greater usage of wireless data;
Media revenue increased by 17% in the fourth quarter, primarily as      • a shift to consumers financing higher-value devices, along with
a result of higher sports-related revenue, including higher Toronto        ongoing disciplined promotional activity; partially offset by
Blue Jays revenue, and higher advertising revenue, partially offset     • fewer new subscribers purchasing devices and fewer device
by lower Today’s Shopping Choice revenue.                                  upgrades by existing customers; and
                                                                        • decreasing postpaid churn, which we believe is beginning to
Adjusted EBITDA and margins                                                reflect the realization of our enhanced customer service efforts;
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 10% in the fourth quarter           partially offset by
and our adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 150 basis primarily         • lower overage revenue as customers continue to adopt our
due to increases in Wireless and Media adjusted EBITDA.                    unlimited data plans.
Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 8%, primarily due to the          Additional trends affecting Wireless adjusted EBITDA reflect higher
flow-through impact of higher revenue as discussed above. This          costs related to the increasing number of subscribers.
gave rise to a Wireless adjusted EBITDA service margin of 63.2%.
                                                                        We continue to target organic growth in higher-value postpaid
Cable adjusted EBITDA increased by 1%, primarily as a result lower      subscribers, reflected in the increasing proportion of postpaid
operating expenses due to recognized cost efficiencies. This gave       subscribers relative to prepaid subscribers. Prepaid plans have also
rise to a Cable adjusted EBITDA margin of 51.2%.                        evolved to have properties similar to those of traditional postpaid
Media adjusted EBITDA increased by $83 million in the fourth            plans. We believe this evolution provides consumers with greater
quarter, primarily due to higher revenue as discussed above.            choice of subscribing to a postpaid or prepaid service plan. Growth
                                                                        in our customer base over time has resulted in higher costs for
Net income and adjusted net income                                      customer service, retention, credit, and collection; however, most of
Net income and adjusted net income increased in the fourth              the cost increases have been offset by gains in operating
quarter by 25% and 14%, respectively, primarily as a result of higher   efficiencies.
adjusted EBITDA, partially offset by higher income taxes and higher     Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of our
finance costs attributable to the Shaw senior note financing.           marketing and promotional expenditures and higher levels of
                                                                        subscriber additions, resulting in higher subscriber acquisition- and
QUARTERLY TRENDS AND SEASONALITY                                        activation-related expenses, typically in the third and fourth
Our operating results generally vary from quarter to quarter as a       quarters. Conversely, periods with higher activity may adversely
result of changes in general economic conditions and seasonal           impact subscriber churn metrics as a result of heightened
fluctuations, among other things, in each of our reportable             competitive activity. The third and fourth quarters typically
segments. This means our results in one quarter are not necessarily     experience higher volumes of activity as a result of “back to school”
indicative of how we will perform in a future quarter. Wireless,        and holiday season-related consumer behaviour. Aggressive
Cable, and Media each have unique seasonal aspects to, and              promotional offers are often advertised during these periods and
certain other historical trends in, their businesses.                   also contribute to the impact on subscriber metrics. In contrast, we
                                                                        typically see lower subscriber additions in the first quarter of the
COVID-19 affected our operating results in 2021 in addition to the
                                                                        year.
typical seasonal fluctuations in our business that are described
below. In Wireless, the reduced customer travel due to global travel    The launch of popular new wireless device models can also affect
restrictions resulted in lower-than-pre-pandemic roaming revenue.       the level of subscriber activity. Highly anticipated device launches
In Media, due to postponed and condensed NBA and NHL                    typically occur in the spring and fall seasons of each year. Wireless



                                                                                              2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   41
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         roaming revenue is dependent on customer travel volumes and              • higher sports and rights costs, including increases as we move
         timing, which in turn are affected by the foreign exchange rate of         further along in our NHL Agreement;
         the Canadian dollar and general economic conditions.                     • general cord shaving and cord cutting by television subscribers
                                                                                    regardless of service provider; and
         Cable                                                                    • continual investment in primetime and specialty programming
         Trends affecting Cable service revenue primarily reflect:                  relating to both our broadcast networks (such as Citytv) and our
         • higher Internet subscription fees as customers increasingly              specialty channels (such as FX (Canada)).
           upgrade to higher-tier speed plans;
                                                                                  Seasonal fluctuations relate to:
         • customers adopting Ignite TV;
                                                                                  • periods of increased consumer activity and their impact on
         • general service pricing increases; and
                                                                                    advertising and related retail cycles, which tend to be most active
         • the shift of business customers from lower-margin, off-net legacy
                                                                                    in the fourth quarter due to holiday spending and slower in the
           long distance and data services to higher-margin, next-
                                                                                    first quarter;
           generation services and data centre businesses; partially offset
                                                                                  • the MLB season, where:
           by
                                                                                    • games played are concentrated in the spring, summer, and
         • competitive losses of legacy Television and Phone subscribers;
                                                                                        fall months (generally the second and third quarters of the
         • Television subscribers downgrading their service plans; and
                                                                                        year);
         • lower additional usage of our products and services as service
                                                                                    • revenue related to game day ticket sales, merchandise sales,
           plans are increasingly bundling more features, such as a greater
                                                                                        and advertising are concentrated in the spring, summer, and
           number of TV channels.
                                                                                        fall months (generally the second and third quarters of the
         Trends affecting Cable adjusted EBITDA primarily reflect:                      year), with postseason games commanding a premium in
         • higher Internet operating margins, as a result of the shift from             advertising revenue and additional revenue from game day
           conventional Television to Internet services; and                            ticket sales and merchandise sales, if and when the Toronto
         • the shift to a self-install model for most of our Cable products;            Blue Jays play in the postseason (in the fourth quarter of the
           partially offset by                                                          year); and
         • higher premium supplier fees in Television as a result of                • programming and production costs and player payroll are
           bundling more value-added offerings into our Cable products.                 expensed based on the number of games aired or played, as
                                                                                        applicable; and
         Cable’s operating results are affected by modest seasonal                • the NHL season, where:
         fluctuations in subscriber additions and disconnections, typically         • regular season games are concentrated in the fall and winter
         caused by:                                                                     months (generally the first and fourth quarters of the year) and
         • university and college students who live in residence moving out             playoff games are concentrated in the spring months
            early in the second quarter and cancelling their service as well as         (generally the second quarter of the year). We expect a
            students moving in late in the third quarter and signing up for             correlation between the quality of revenue and earnings and
            cable service;                                                              the extent of Canadian teams’ presence during the playoffs;
         • individuals temporarily suspending service for extended                  • programming and production costs are expensed based on
            vacations or seasonal relocations;                                          the timing of when the rights are aired or are expected to be
         • the timing of service pricing changes; and                                   consumed; and
         • the focused marketing we generally conduct in our fourth                 • advertising revenue and programming expenses are
            quarter.                                                                    concentrated in the fall, winter, and spring months, with
         Cable operating results are also influenced by trends in cord                  playoff games commanding a premium in advertising
         shaving and cord cutting, which has resulted in fewer subscribers              revenue.
         watching traditional cable television, as well as a lower number of
         Television subscribers. In addition, trends in the use of wireless       Other expenses
         products and Internet or social media as substitutes for traditional     Depreciation and amortization trails capital expenditures and is
         home phone products have resulted in fewer Phone subscribers.            expected to trend upward as a result of an increase in our capital
         Cable results from our business customers do not generally have          expenditures and general depreciable asset base, related
         any unique seasonal aspects.                                             significantly to the ongoing expansions of our wireless and cable
                                                                                  networks. The increasing trend is a direct result of increasing capital
         Media                                                                    expenditures as we upgraded our wireless network for 5G services
         Trends affecting Media revenue and adjusted EBITDA are generally         and our service footprint expansion and upgrades to our DOCSIS
         the result of:                                                           3.1 platform to evolve to DOCSIS 4.0 for our Cable footprint. We
         • fluctuations in advertising and consumer market conditions;            expect future depreciation and amortization to align with ongoing
         • subscriber rate increases;                                             capital expenditures and additions to right-of-use assets.




42   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL POSITION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                          2022    2021 $ Chg % Chg        Explanation of significant changes

Assets
  Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                       463    715   (252)     (35)   See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”.
    Restricted cash and cash equivalents         12,837      – 12,837        –    Reflects the restrictions on use of, and liquidity maintenance on, the proceeds
                                                                                  received from our issuance of the Shaw senior note financing.
     Accounts receivable                          4,184   3,847   337        9    Primarily reflects an increase in financing receivables and in trade accounts
                                                                                  receivable associated with higher revenue.
     Inventories                                   438     535    (97)     (18)   Reflects a decrease in Wireless handset inventories.
     Current portion of contract assets            111     115     (4)      (3)   n/m
     Other current assets                          561     497     64       13    n/m
     Current portion of derivative instruments     689     120    569     n/m     Primarily reflects the reclassification to current of our debt derivatives related to
                                                                                  our US$500 million senior notes due March 2023 and our US$850 million
                                                                                  senior notes due October 2023, partially offset by the change in market values
                                                                                  of debt derivatives as a result of the depreciation of the Cdn$ relative to the
                                                                                  US$.
Total current assets                             19,283 5,829 13,454      n/m
Property, plant and equipment                    15,574 14,666   908        6     Primarily reflects capital expenditures and additions to right-of-use assets
                                                                                  partially offset by depreciation expense.
Intangible assets                                12,251 12,281     (30)      –    n/m
Investments                                       2,088 2,493     (405)    (16)   Primarily reflects fair value decreases for certain publicly traded investments.
Derivative instruments                              861 1,431     (570)    (40)   Primarily reflects the reclassification to current of our debt derivatives related to
                                                                                  our US$500 million senior notes due March 2023 and our US$850 million
                                                                                  senior notes due October 2023, partially offset by the change in market values
                                                                                  of debt derivatives as a result of the depreciation of the Cdn$ relative to the
                                                                                  US$.
Financing receivables                               886     854    32       4     n/m
Other long-term assets                              681     385   296      77     Primarily reflects an increase in pension assets.
Goodwill                                          4,031   4,024     7       –     n/m

Total assets                                     55,655 41,963 13,692      33

Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
   Current liabilities:
     Short-term borrowings                        2,985   2,200   785      36     Reflects increases in borrowings under our receivables securitization program
                                                                                  and our non-revolving credit facilities.
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities     3,722   3,416    306       9    Reflects an increase due to the additional consent fee on the SMR notes.
     Income tax payable                               –     115   (115)   (100)   Reflects a decrease in taxes owed as a result of tax installments paid.
     Other current liabilities                      252     607   (355)    (58)   Primarily reflects the termination of our interest rate derivatives upon issuance of
                                                                                  our senior and subordinated notes and the change in market values of debt
                                                                                  derivatives as a result of the depreciation of the Cdn$ relative to the US$.
     Contract liabilities                           400     394     6       2     n/m
     Current portion of long-term debt            1,828   1,551   277      18     Reflects the repayment of US$750 million senior notes in March 2022 and
                                                                                  $600 million senior notes in June 2022, partially offset by the reclassification to
                                                                                  current of our US$500 million senior notes due March 2023 and our
                                                                                  US$850 million senior notes due October 2023.
     Current portion of lease liabilities          362     336     26        8    n/m

Total current liabilities                         9,549 8,619     930      11
Provisions                                           53     50      3       6     n/m
Long-term debt                                   29,905 17,137 12,768      75     Primarily reflects the issuances of our US$750 million subordinated notes and
                                                                                  $4.25 billion and US$7.05 billion in senior notes, partially offset by a
                                                                                  reclassification to current of our US$500 million senior notes due March 2023
                                                                                  and our US$850 million senior notes due October 2023.
Lease liabilities                                 1,666   1,621    45       3     Reflects liabilities related to new leases.
Other long-term liabilities                         738     565   173      31     Primarily reflects changes in market values of certain debt derivatives as a result
                                                                                  of changes in the Canadian and US interest rate environment.
Deferred tax liabilities                          3,652   3,439   213        6    n/m

Total liabilities                                45,563 31,431 14,132      45
Shareholders’ equity                             10,092 10,532   (440)     (4)    Reflects changes in retained earnings and equity reserves.

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity       55,655 41,963 13,692      33




                                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.            |   43
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources
         SOURCES AND USES OF CASH
         OPERATING, INVESTING, AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                            Years ended December 31

         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                 2022          2021

         Cash provided by operating activities before changes in net operating assets and liabilities, income taxes paid,
           and interest paid                                                                                                      6,154         5,626
             Change in net operating assets and liabilities                                                                        (152)           37
             Income taxes paid                                                                                                     (455)         (700)
             Interest paid, net                                                                                                  (1,054)         (802)

         Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                    4,493         4,161

         Investing activities:
              Capital expenditures                                                                                               (3,075)       (2,788)
              Additions to program rights                                                                                           (47)          (54)
              Changes in non-cash working capital related to capital expenditures and intangible assets                            (200)           67
              Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, net of cash acquired                                                    (9)       (3,404)
              Other                                                                                                                  68            46

         Cash used in investing activities                                                                                       (3,263)       (6,133)

         Financing activities:
             Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                                       707           971
             Net issuance of long-term debt                                                                                      12,711           550
             Net payments on settlement of debt derivatives and forward contracts                                                   (11)           (8)
             Transaction costs incurred                                                                                            (726)          (31)
             Principal payments of lease liabilities                                                                               (316)         (269)
             Dividends paid                                                                                                      (1,010)       (1,010)

         Cash provided by financing activities                                                                                   11,355          203

         Change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents                                            12,585        (1,769)
         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                      715         2,484

         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                         13,300          715

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  463          715
         Restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    12,837            –

         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                         13,300          715


         OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                    Acquisitions and other strategic transactions
         The 8% increase in cash provided by operating activities this year      In 2021, we paid $3.3 billion for the acquisition of 3500 MHz
         was primarily a result of higher adjusted EBITDA as well as the         spectrum licences and also made four individually immaterial
         impact of lower income taxes paid, partially offset by higher           acquisitions complementary to our existing lines of business in
         investment in net operating assets, mainly higher accounts              Cable and Media.
         receivable associated with the increase in revenue, and higher
         interest paid, related to the Shaw senior note financing.               FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                 This year, we received net amounts of $12,681 million
         INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                    (2021 – received net amounts of $1,482 million) on our short-term
         Capital expenditures                                                    borrowings, long-term debt, and related derivatives, net of
         We spent $3,075 million this year on property, plant and                transaction costs. The receipts reflect new debt issued primarily
         equipment before related changes in non-cash working capital            associated with the completion of our long-term financing for the
         items, which was 10% higher than 2021. See “Capital                     Shaw Transaction. See “Financial Risk Management” for more
         Expenditures” for more information.                                     information on the cash flows relating to our derivative instruments.




44   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Short-term borrowings
Our short-term borrowings consist of amounts outstanding under
our receivables securitization program, our short-term
non-revolving credit facilities, and our US CP program. Below is a
summary of our short-term borrowings as at December 31, 2022
and 2021.

                                           Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                          2022           2021
Receivables securitization program                2,400           800
US commercial paper program (net of
  the discount on issuance)                          214          893
Non-revolving credit facility borrowings             371          507
Total short-term borrowings                       2,985         2,200

The table below summarizes the activity relating to our short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                          Year ended December 31, 2022        Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                          Notional   Exchange    Notional    Notional     Exchange    Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                             (US$)         rate    (Cdn$)       (US$)           rate    (Cdn$)
Proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                  1,600                                  150
Net proceeds received from receivables securitization                                              1,600                                  150
Proceeds received from US commercial paper                                  6,745       1.302       8,781        2,568       1.260       3,235
Repayment of US commercial paper                                           (7,303)      1.306      (9,537)      (2,314)      1.259      (2,914)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial paper                                        (756)                                321
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$)                                        865                                    –
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                     –           –         –        1,200        1.253      1,503
Total proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                         865                                1,503
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$)                                                  (495)                                   –
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                           (400)      1.268        (507)       (800)       1.254      (1,003)
Total repayment of non-revolving credit facilities                                                 (1,002)                              (1,003)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from non-revolving
 credit facilities                                                                                   (137)                                500
Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                     707                                  971

In March 2022, we amended the terms of our receivables                      1 to 397 days, subject to ongoing market conditions. Any issuances
securitization program and increased the maximum potential                  made under the US CP program will be issued at a discount. The
proceeds under the program from $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion. In May        obligations of RCI under the US CP program are unsecured and
2022, we further amended the terms of the program and increased             guaranteed by RCCI, and rank equally in right of payment with all
the maximum potential proceeds to $2 billion. In October 2022, we           our senior notes and debentures. See “Financial Condition” for
further amended the terms of the program and increased the                  more information.
maximum potential proceeds to $2.4 billion. We will continue to
service the receivables and they will continue to be recorded as            Concurrent with our US CP issuances and non-revolving credit
“accounts receivable” or “financing receivables”, as applicable, on our     facility borrowings, we entered into debt derivatives to hedge the
2022 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.                         foreign currency risk associated with the principal and interest
                                                                            components of the borrowings. See “Financial Risk Management”
The terms of our receivables securitization program are committed           for more information.
until its expiry, which we extended this year to an expiration date of
April 25, 2024. The buyer’s interest in these receivables ranks ahead       In December 2022, we entered into non-revolving credit facilities
of our interest. The buyer of our receivables has no further claim on       with an aggregate limit of $1 billion, including $375 million
any of our other assets.                                                    maturing in December 2023, $375 million maturing in January
                                                                            2024, and $250 million maturing one year from when it is drawn.
We have a US CP program that allows us to issue up to a maximum             Any borrowings under these facilities will be recorded as “short­
aggregate principal amount of US$1.5 billion. Funds can be                  term borrowings” as they will be due within 12 months. Borrowings
borrowed under this program with terms to maturity ranging from             under the facilities are unsecured, guaranteed by RCCI, and rank




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   45
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         equally in right of payment with all of our senior notes and              all of our senior notes and debentures. In December 2021, we
         debentures. As at December 31, 2022, we had borrowed                      terminated the undrawn non-revolving credit facilities with an
         $375 million, and received $370 million net of the discount on            aggregate limit of US$1.2 billion. In February 2022, we repaid the
         issuance, under the facility maturing in December 2023. In January        outstanding US$400 million and terminated the facility.
         2023, we borrowed US$273 million under the facility maturing in
                                                                                   In March 2021, in connection with the Shaw Transaction, we
         January 2024. In February 2023, we borrowed US$186 million
                                                                                   entered into a binding commitment letter for a committed credit
         under the remaining facility, maturing in February 2024. As a result,
                                                                                   facility with a syndicate of banks in an amount up to $19 billion. As
         we have fully drawn on the facilities.
                                                                                   a result of entering into the term loan facility (see “Long-term debt”
         In June 2021, we entered into non-revolving credit facilities with an     below), this committed facility decreased to $13 billion.
         aggregate limit of US$1.6 billion that matured in June 2022.              Subsequently, as a result of issuing US$7.05 billion ($9.05 billion)
         Borrowings under these facilities were recorded as “short-term            and $4.25 billion senior notes (see “Long-term debt” below) during
         borrowings”. Borrowings under the facilities were unsecured,              the first quarter of 2022, the maximum amount we could have
         guaranteed by RCCI, and ranked equally in right of payment with           drawn decreased to nil and the facility was terminated.

         Long-term debt
         Our long-term debt consists of amounts outstanding under our bank and letter of credit facilities and the senior notes, debentures, and
         subordinated notes we have issued. The tables below summarize the activity relating to our long-term debt for the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2022          Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                                 Notional   Exchange     Notional     Notional     Exchange      Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                           (US$)         rate     (Cdn$)        (US$)           rate      (Cdn$)
         Senior note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                       4,250                                       –
         Senior note issuances (US$)                                               7,050        1.284       9,054              –             –          –
         Total senior note issuances                                                                      13,304                                        –
         Senior note repayments (Cdn$)                                                                       (600)                                 (1,450)
         Senior note repayments (US$)                                               (750)       1.259        (944)             –             –          –
         Total senior note repayments                                                                      (1,544)                                 (1,450)
         Net issuance (repayment) of senior notes                                                         11,760                                   (1,450)
         Subordinated note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                     –                                  2,000
         Subordinated note issuances (US$)                                           750        1.268         951              –             –         –
         Total subordinated note issuances                                                                    951                                  2,000
         Net issuance of long-term debt                                                                   12,711                                     550


                                                                                                                            Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                     2022          2021
         Long-term debt net of transaction costs, beginning of year                                                                 18,688        18,201
         Net issuance of long-term debt                                                                                             12,711           550
         Loss (gain) on foreign exchange                                                                                             1,271           (50)
         Deferred transaction costs incurred                                                                                          (988)          (31)
         Amortization of deferred transaction costs                                                                                     51            18
         Long-term debt net of transaction costs, end of year                                                                       31,733        18,688

         In the first quarter, we entered into a $665 million senior unsecured     charged on borrowings from the term loan facility ranges from nil
         non-revolving credit facility with a fixed 1% interest rate with          to 1.25% per annum over the bank prime rate or base rate, or
         Canada Infrastructure Bank. The credit facility can only be drawn         0.65% to 2.25% over the bankers’ acceptance rate or London Inter-
         upon to finance broadband service expansion projects to                   Bank Offered Rate. In May 2022, we extended the drawdown
         underserved communities under the Universal Broadband Fund. As            period of the term loan facility to December 31, 2022. In
         at December 31, 2022, we had not drawn on the credit facility.            September 2022, we further extended the drawdown period to
                                                                                   December 31, 2023.
         In April 2021, we entered into a $6 billion term loan facility
         consisting of three tranches of $2 billion each. The facility cannot      In April 2021, we amended our revolving credit facility to, among
         be drawn upon until the closing date of the Shaw Transaction. The         other things, increase the total credit limit and extend the maturity
         first tranche matures three years after the Shaw Transaction closing      dates. We increased the total credit limit from $3.2 billion to
         date and subsequent tranches mature in years four and five                $4 billion by increasing the limits of the two tranches to $3 billion
         thereafter, respectively. At tranche maturity, any outstanding            and $1 billion (from $2.5 billion and $700 million), respectively. We
         borrowings under that tranche must be repaid. The interest rate           also extended the maturity date of the $3 billion tranche from



46   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
September 2023 to April 2026 and the $1 billion tranche from                                $3 billion tranche to January 2028, from April 2026 and the
September 2022 to April 2024. In January 2023, we amended our                               $1 billion tranche to January 2026, from April 2024.
revolving credit facility to further extend the maturity date of the

Issuance of senior and subordinated notes and related debt derivatives
Below is a summary of the senior and subordinated notes that we issued in 2022 and 2021. In 2022, substantially all of the proceeds were
recognized in our “restricted cash and cash equivalents”. In 2021, the proceeds were used to partially fund the purchase of 3500 MHz
spectrum licences.

(In millions of dollars, except interest rates and discounts)                                                                                          Transaction costs
                                                                                                                                                     and discounts 2 (Cdn$)
                                                                                                                Discount/        Total gross
                                                            Principal                                         premium at         proceeds 1           Upon               Upon
Date issued                                                  amount        Due date        Interest rate         issuance            (Cdn$)        issuance      modification 3
2022 issuances
  February 11, 2022 (subordinated) 4                       US 750                2082            5.250%             At par                951              13                    –
  March 11, 2022 (senior) 5                                US 1,000              2025            2.950%           99.934%               1,283               9                   50
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                     1,250              2025            3.100%           99.924%               1,250               7                    –
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                  US 1,300              2027            3.200%           99.991%               1,674              13                   82
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                     1,000              2029            3.750%           99.891%               1,000               7                   57
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                  US 2,000              2032            3.800%           99.777%               2,567              27                  165
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                     1,000              2032            4.250%           99.987%               1,000               6                   58
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                  US 750                2042            4.500%           98.997%                 966              20                   95
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                  US 2,000              2052            4.550%           98.917%               2,564              55                  250
  March 11, 2022 (senior)                                     1,000              2052            5.250%           99.483%               1,000              12                   62

2021 issuance
  December 17, 2021 (subordinated) 4                             2,000           2081            5.000%               At par            2,000              20                     –
1 Gross proceeds before transaction costs, discounts, and premiums.
2 Transaction costs, discounts, and premiums are included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income
  using the effective interest method.
3 Accounted for as a modification of the respective financial liabilities. Reflects initial consent fee of $557 million incurred in September 2022 and additional consent fee of

  $262 million incurred in December 2022.
4 Deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the subordinated notes are recognized in net income using the effective interest method over a five-year period.

5 The US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 can be redeemed at par on or after March 15, 2023.



Concurrent with the US dollar-denominated issuances, we entered                             RCI, the outstanding principal and interest of such subordinated
into debt derivatives to convert all interest and principal payment                         notes would automatically convert into preferred shares. We
obligations on the senior notes to Canadian dollars at a fixed interest                     understand that S&P Global Ratings Services (S&P), Moody’s
rate. See “Financial Risk Management” for more information.                                 Investors Service (Moody’s), and Fitch Ratings (Fitch) will only
                                                                                            include 50% of the outstanding principal amount of these
The issued senior and subordinated notes are unsecured and
                                                                                            subordinated notes in their leverage ratio calculation for at least the
guaranteed by RCCI, ranking equally with all of our other
                                                                                            first five years after their issuance.
unsecured senior notes and debentures, subordinated notes, bank
credit facilities, and letter of credit facilities.                                         In connection with the subordinated notes issuances, the Board
                                                                                            approved the creation of new Series I and Series II preferred shares,
In December 2021, we issued $2 billion subordinated notes due
                                                                                            respectively. Series I and Series II have been authorized for up to
2081 with an initial coupon of 5% for the first five years. Concurrently,
                                                                                            3.3 million and 1.4 million preferred shares, respectively, have no
we terminated the $750 million bond forwards entered into in July
                                                                                            voting rights, have par values of $1,000 per share, and will be
2021 to hedge the interest rate risk associated with future debt
                                                                                            issued automatically upon the occurrence of certain events
issuances. We used the proceeds to partially fund the remaining
                                                                                            involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of RCI to holders of the
payment required to obtain the 3500 MHz spectrum licences.
                                                                                            respective subordinated notes.
In February 2022, we issued US$750 million subordinated notes
                                                                                            In March 2022, we issued the Shaw senior note financing to
due 2082 with an initial coupon of 5.25% for the first five years.
                                                                                            partially finance the cash consideration for the Shaw Transaction.
Concurrently, we terminated $950 million of interest rate derivatives
                                                                                            Each of the SMR notes contains a “special mandatory redemption”
entered into in 2021 to hedge the interest rate risk associated with
                                                                                            provision, which required them to be redeemed at 101% of their
future debt issuances. We received net proceeds of US$740 million
                                                                                            principal amount (plus accrued interest) if the Shaw Transaction was
($938 million) from the issuance.
                                                                                            not consummated prior to December 31, 2022. At the same time,
Each of the subordinated notes can be redeemed at par on their                              we terminated the committed credit facility we had arranged in
respective five-year anniversary or on any subsequent interest                              March 2021. The arrangement agreement between Rogers and
payment date. The subordinated notes are unsecured and                                      Shaw requires us to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure we are
subordinated obligations of RCI. Payment on these notes will,                               able to fund the cash consideration portion of the Shaw
under certain circumstances, be subordinated to the prior payment                           Transaction upon closing and as such, we have recognized
in full of all of our senior indebtedness, including our senior notes,                      approximately $12.8 billion of the net proceeds as “restricted cash
debentures, and bank credit facilities. In addition, upon the                               and cash equivalents” on our 2022 Consolidated Statements of
occurrence of certain events involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of                        Financial Position.



                                                                                                                         2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                 |   47
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         In August 2022, we received consent from the SMR note holders to                               Dividends
         extend the SMR outside date to December 31, 2023, to ensure this                               In 2022, we declared and paid dividends on each of RCI’s
         financing remains in place should the Shaw Transaction close after                             outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares. We
         December 31, 2022. As a result, we paid an initial consent fee to                              paid $1,010 million in cash dividends. See “Dividends and Share
         the note holders, including other directly attributable transaction                            Information” for more information.
         costs, in September 2022 of $557 million ($121 million and
         US$331 million). Since the Shaw Transaction did not close prior to                             Shelf prospectuses
         December 31, 2022, we were required to pay to the holders of                                   We had two shelf prospectuses that qualified the offering of debt
         SMR notes an additional consent fee of $262 million ($55 million                               securities from time to time. One shelf prospectus qualified the
         and US$152 million) on January 9, 2023. The transaction costs are                              public offering of up to $4 billion of our debt securities in each of
         included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying                           the provinces of Canada (Canadian Shelf) and the other shelf
         value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income using                                prospectus (together with a corresponding registration statement
         the effective interest method. The liability associated with the                               filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission) qualified
         additional consent fee has been recognized within “accounts                                    the public offering of up to US$4 billion of our debt securities in
         payable and accrued liabilities” on our Consolidated Statements of                             the United States and Ontario (US Shelf). Both the Canadian Shelf
         Financial Position as at December 31, 2022.                                                    and the US Shelf expired in May 2022.
         Concurrent with the Shaw senior note financing, we terminated
         US$2 billion of interest rate swap derivatives, $500 million of bond                           FREE CASH FLOW
         forwards, and $2.3 billion of interest rate swap derivatives entered                                                                                   Years ended December 31
         into in 2021 to hedge the interest rate risk associated with future                            (In millions of dollars)                                   2022         2021      % Chg
         debt issuances. Concurrent with the US dollar-denominated
         issuances, we also entered into debt derivatives to convert all                                Adjusted EBITDA                                           6,393         5,887            9
                                                                                                        Deduct (add):
         interest and principal payment obligations to Canadian dollars. As                                 Capital expenditures 1                                3,075         2,788          10
         a result, we received net proceeds of US$6.95 billion ($8.93 billion)                              Interest on borrowings, net of
         from the US dollar-denominated issuances.                                                             capitalized interest                               1,090          728           50
                                                                                                            Cash income taxes 2                                     455          700          (35)
         Repayment of senior notes and related derivative settlements                                   Free cash flow                                            1,773         1,671            6
         During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid the entire                                  Add (deduct):
         outstanding principal amount of our $600 million 4.00% senior                                      Interest on Shaw senior note financing                  447             –            –
                                                                                                            Interest earned on restricted cash and
         notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with these                                    cash equivalents                                     (235)           –            –
         senior notes. We also repaid the entire outstanding principal
         amount of our US$750 million floating rate senior notes and the                                Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                   1,985         1,671          19
         associated debt derivatives at maturity. As a result, we repaid                                1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition,
         $1,019 million, including $75 million on settlement of the                                       but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences, additions to right-of-use
                                                                                                          assets, or assets acquired through business combinations.
         associated debt derivatives.                                                                   2 Cash income taxes are net of refunds received.


         During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repaid the entire
                                                                                                        The 6% increase in free cash flow and 19% increase in free cash flow
         outstanding principal amount of our $1.45 billion 5.34% senior
                                                                                                        excluding Shaw financing this year was primarily a result of higher
         notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with these
                                                                                                        adjusted EBITDA and lower cash income taxes, partially offset by
         senior notes.
                                                                                                        higher capital expenditures. Free cash flow was also impacted by
                                                                                                        higher interest on borrowings associated with the Shaw Transaction.

         FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
         Below is a summary of our total available liquidity from our cash and cash equivalents, bank credit facilities, letters of credit facilities, and
         short-term borrowings.
         As at December 31, 2022
         (In millions of dollars)                                                 Total sources                  Drawn        Letters of credit       US CP program 1             Net available
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             463                       –                       –                          –                463
         Bank credit facilities 2:
             Revolving                                                                      4,000                     –                         8                       215               3,777
             Non-revolving                                                                  1,000                   375                         –                         –                 625
             Outstanding letters of credit                                                     75                     –                        75                         –                   –
         Receivables securitization 2                                                       2,400                 2,400                         –                         –                   –
         Total                                                                              7,938                 2,775                        83                       215               4,865
         1 The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
         2 The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters

           of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our currently outstanding US CP borrowings that are backstopped by our
           revolving credit facility.




48   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
As at December 31, 2021
(In millions of dollars)                                                   Total sources                  Drawn        Letters of credit       US CP program 1            Net available
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              715                        –                       –                          –                715
Bank credit facilities 2:
    Revolving                                                                        4,000                      –                        8                       894                3,098
    Non-revolving                                                                      507                    507                        –                         –                    –
    Outstanding letters of credit                                                       72                      –                       72                         –                    –
Receivables securitization 2                                                         1,200                    800                        –                         –                  400
Total                                                                                6,494                 1,307                        80                       894                4,213
1   The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
2   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
    of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our currently outstanding US CP borrowings that are backstopped by our
    revolving credit facility.

In addition to the sources of available liquidity noted above, we                                December 31, 2022 (2021 – 3.95%) and a weighted average term
held $1,200 million of marketable securities in publicly traded                                  to maturity of 11.8 years (2021 – 11.6 years). These figures reflect
companies as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – $1,581 million).                                       the repayment of our subordinated notes on the five-year
Our restricted cash and cash equivalents are not included in                                     anniversary.
available liquidity as the funds were raised solely to fund a portion
of the cash consideration of the Shaw Transaction. Our $6 billion                                COVENANTS
term loan facility related to the Shaw Transaction is also not                                   The provisions of our $4.0 billion revolving bank credit facility
included in available liquidity as we can only draw on that facility to                          described in “Sources and Uses of Cash” impose certain
partially fund the Shaw Transaction. Our Canada Infrastructure Bank                              restrictions on our operations and activities, the most significant of
credit agreement (see “Sources and Uses of Cash”) is not included                                which are leverage-related maintenance tests. As at December 31,
in available liquidity as it can only be drawn upon for use in                                   2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all financial covenants,
broadband projects under the Universal Broadband Fund, and
                                                                                                 financial ratios, and all of the terms and conditions of our debt
therefore is not available for other general purposes.
                                                                                                 agreements. Throughout 2022, these covenants did not impose
                                                                                                 restrictions of any material consequence on our operations.
Weighted average cost of borrowings
Our borrowings had a weighted average cost of 4.50% as at
CREDIT RATINGS
Credit ratings provide an independent measure of credit quality of an issue of securities and can affect our ability to obtain short-term and
long-term financing and the terms of the financing. If rating agencies lower the credit ratings on our debt, particularly a downgrade below
investment-grade, it could adversely affect our cost of financing and access to liquidity and capital.
We have engaged each of S&P, Moody’s, Fitch, and DBRS Morningstar to rate certain of our public debt issues. Below is a summary of the
credit ratings on RCI’s outstanding senior and subordinated notes and debentures (long-term) and US CP (short-term) as at December 31,
2022.

                                                       S&P Global Ratings
    Issuance                                           Services                         Moody’s                           Fitch                            DBRS Morningstar

    Corporate credit issuer default rating             BBB+ CreditWatch                 Baa1 under review                 BBB+ Rating                      BBB (high), Under
                                                       Negative                                                           Watch Negative                   Review with Negative
                                                                                                                                                           Implications
    Senior unsecured debt                              BBB+ CreditWatch                 Baa1 under review                 BBB+ Rating Watch                BBB (high), Under
                                                       Negative                                                           Negative                         Review with Negative
                                                                                                                                                           Implications
    Subordinated debt                                  BBB- CreditWatch                 Baa3 under review                 BBB- Rating Watch                N/A 1
                                                       Negative                                                           Negative
    US commercial paper                                A-2 CreditWatch                  P-2 under review                  N/A 1                            N/A 1
                                                       Negative
1   We have not sought a rating from Fitch or DBRS Morningstar for our short-term obligations or from DBRS Morningstar for our subordinated debt

As a result of our agreement to acquire Shaw and the related commitments in connection with the Shaw Transaction, each of these rating
agencies has put our credit rating under review. We expect S&P, Moody’s, Fitch, and DBRS Morningstar to complete their reviews upon
closing of the Shaw Transaction. See “Shaw Transaction” and “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business – Shaw Transaction” for more
information on our agreement with Shaw and the Shaw Transaction.
Ratings for long-term debt instruments across the universe of composite rates range from AAA (S&P, Fitch, and DBRS Morningstar) or Aaa
(Moody’s), representing the highest quality of securities rated, to D (S&P and DBRS Morningstar), Substantial Risk (Fitch), and C (Moody’s)
for the lowest quality of securities rated. Investment-grade credit ratings are generally considered to range from BBB- (S&P and Fitch), BBB
(DBRS Morningstar), or Baa3 (Moody’s) to AAA (S&P, Fitch, and DBRS Morningstar) or Aaa (Moody’s).



                                                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                   |   49
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Ratings for short-term debt instruments across the universe of                            Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell
         composite rates ranges from A-1+ (S&P) or P-1 (Moody’s),                                  securities, nor are they a comment on market price or investor
         representing the highest quality of securities rated, to C (S&P), and                     suitability. There is no assurance that a rating will remain in effect for
         not prime (Moody’s) for the lowest quality of securities rated.                           a given period, or that a rating will not be revised or withdrawn
         Investment-grade credit ratings are generally considered to be                            entirely by a rating agency if it believes circumstances warrant it.
         ratings of at least A-3 (S&P), or P-3 (Moody’s) quality or higher.                        The ratings on our senior debt provided by S&P, Fitch, Moody’s,
                                                                                                   and DBRS Morningstar are investment-grade ratings.

         ADJUSTED NET DEBT AND DEBT LEVERAGE RATIOS
         We use adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio to conduct valuation-related analysis and make capital structure-related decisions.
         Adjusted net debt includes long-term debt, net debt derivative assets or liabilities, short-term borrowings, lease liabilities, net of cash and
         cash equivalents or bank advances, and restricted cash and cash equivalents.

                                                                                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                                                                                 December 31           December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except ratios)                                                                                                            2022                  2021
         Long-term debt 1                                                                                                                                 32,855                18,873
         Subordinated notes adjustment 2                                                                                                                  (1,508)               (1,000)
         Net debt derivative assets valued without any adjustment for credit risk 3                                                                         (998)               (1,278)
         Short-term borrowings                                                                                                                             2,985                 2,200
         Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                 2,028                 1,957
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                          (463)                 (715)
         Restricted cash and cash equivalents 4                                                                                                          (12,837)                    –
         Adjusted net debt 2,5                                                                                                                            22,062                20,037
         Divided by: trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                     6,393                 5,887
         Debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                                   3.5                  3.4
         Adjusted net debt                                                                                                                                22,062                20,037
         Add (deduct):
             Shaw senior note financing                                                                                                                  (13,799)                      –
             Restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                         12,837                       –
             Net debt derivative liabilities related to Shaw senior note financing                                                                          (267)                      –
             Transaction costs related to Shaw senior note financing                                                                                        (707)                      –
             Interest income on restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         235                       –
             Interest paid on Shaw senior note financing                                                                                                    (301)                      –
         Adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing 5                                                                                                     20,060                20,037
         Divided by: trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                     6,393                 5,887
         Debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing                                                                                                          3.1                  3.4
         1 Includes current and long-term portion of long-term debt before deferred transaction costs and discounts.
         2 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio, we believe adjusting 50% of the value of our subordinated notes is appropriate as this methodology
           factors in certain circumstances with respect to priority for payment and this approach is commonly used to evaluate debt leverage by rating agencies.
         3 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio, we believe including debt derivatives valued without adjustment for credit risk is commonly used to

           evaluate debt leverage and for market valuation and transactional purposes.
         4 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt, we have deducted our restricted cash and cash equivalents as these funds were raised solely to fund a portion of the cash

           consideration of the Shaw Transaction or, if unable to be consummated, be used to redeem the applicable senior notes excluding any premium. We therefore believe including
           only the underlying senior notes would not represent our view of adjusted net debt prior to the consummation of the Shaw Transaction or the redemption of the senior notes.
         5 Adjusted net debt is a capital management measure. Adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing is a non-GAAP financial measure and is a component of debt leverage ratio

           excluding Shaw financing. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies.
           See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information about these measures.

         We use adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing and debt                                have earned on the restricted cash and cash equivalents balance,
         leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing to analyze our debt and                           and the cumulative interest we have paid on the Shaw senior note
         cash balances when excluding the effect of the Shaw senior note                           financing.
         financing, as those senior notes were issued for the specific
                                                                                                   Our adjusted net debt increased by $2,025 million from
         purpose of funding the Shaw Transaction, which has not yet closed.
                                                                                                   December 31, 2021 as a result of:
         To calculate adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing, we
                                                                                                   • an increase in long-term debt from senior and subordinated
         further adjust adjusted net debt to exclude the balances of the
                                                                                                     note issuances; and
         Shaw senior note financing, our restricted cash and cash
                                                                                                   • an increase in short-term borrowings from our receivables
         equivalents balance, and the net debt derivative liabilities relating
                                                                                                     securitization program; partially offset by
         to the US dollar-denominated Shaw senior note financing, as well
                                                                                                   • an increase in our restricted cash position.
         as the cumulative transaction costs we have paid to date on the
         Shaw senior note financing, the cumulative interest income we                             See “Overview of Financial Position” for more information.




50   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
PENSION OBLIGATIONS                                                                        funded defined benefit pension plans to be $73 million in 2023
Our defined benefit pension plans were in a net asset position of                          and to be adjusted annually thereafter based on various market
approximately $298 million as at December 31, 2022 (2021 – net                             factors, such as interest rates, expected returns, and staffing
asset position of $18 million). During 2022, our net deferred                              assumptions.
pension asset increased by $280 million primarily as a result of a
                                                                                           Changes in factors such as the discount rate, participation rates,
net decrease in the plan obligations resulting from higher discount
                                                                                           increases in compensation, and the expected return on plan assets
rates.
                                                                                           can affect the accrued benefit obligation, pension expense, and
We made a total of $134 million (2021 – $177 million) of                                   the deficiency of plan assets over accrued obligations in the future.
contributions to our funded defined benefit pension plans this                             See “Accounting Policies” for more information.
year. We expect our total estimated funding requirements for our


FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
We use derivative instruments from time to time to manage risks related to our business activities, summarized as follows:
    Derivative                         The risk they manage                                                      Types of derivative instruments
    Debt derivatives                   Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                       Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
                                       principal and interest payments for US dollar-
                                                                                                                 Forward cross-currency interest rate exchange
                                       denominated senior and subordinated notes and
                                                                                                                 agreements
                                       debentures, credit facility borrowings, commercial
                                       paper borrowings, and certain lease liabilities                           Forward foreign exchange agreements
    Interest rate derivatives          Impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on                        Forward interest rate agreements
                                       forecast interest payments for expected long-term
                                                                                                                 Interest rate swap agreements
                                       debt
                                                                                                                 Bond forwards
    Expenditure derivatives            Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                       Forward foreign exchange agreements and
                                       forecast US dollar-denominated expenditures                               foreign exchange option agreements
    Equity derivatives                 Impact of fluctuations in share price of our Class B                      Total return swap agreements
                                       Non-Voting Shares on stock-based compensation
                                       expense

We also manage our exposure to fixed and fluctuating interest rates and we have fixed the interest rate on 91.2% (2021 – 89.3%) of our
debt, including short-term borrowings, as at December 31, 2022.

DEBT DERIVATIVES
We use cross-currency interest rate agreements, forward cross-currency interest rate agreements, and forward foreign exchange
agreements (collectively, debt derivatives) to manage risks from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates associated with
our US dollar-denominated senior notes and debentures, lease liabilities, credit facility borrowings, and US CP borrowings. We typically
designate the debt derivatives related to our senior notes, debentures, subordinated notes, and lease liabilities as hedges for accounting
purposes against the foreign exchange risk or interest rate risk associated with specific issued and forecast debt instruments. Debt
derivatives related to our US dollar-denominated notes due 2025 and our credit facility and US CP borrowings have not been designated
as hedges for accounting purposes.

Issuance of debt derivatives related to senior notes
Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered into related to senior and subordinated notes in 2022. We did not enter into any
debt derivatives related to senior or subordinated notes issued in 2021.
(In millions of dollars, except for coupon and interest rates)                                  US$                                      Hedging effect

                                                      Principal/Notional                                                   Fixed hedged (Cdn$)
Effective date                                            amount (US$)              Maturity date       Coupon rate                interest rate 1   Equivalent (Cdn$)
2022 issuances
    February 11, 2022                                                  750                    2082             5.250%                    5.635%                   951
    March 11, 2022 2                                                 1,000                    2025             2.950%                    2.991%                 1,283
    March 11, 2022                                                   1,300                    2027             3.200%                    3.413%                 1,674
    March 11, 2022                                                   2,000                    2032             3.800%                    4.232%                 2,567
    March 11, 2022                                                     750                    2042             4.500%                    5.178%                   966
    March 11, 2022                                                   2,000                    2052             4.550%                    5.305%                 2,564
1   Converting from a fixed US$ coupon rate to a weighted average Cdn$ fixed rate.
2   The derivatives associated with our US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.




                                                                                                                       2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   51
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Settlement of debt derivatives related to senior notes
         In March 2022, we repaid the entire outstanding principal amount of our US$750 million floating rate senior notes and the associated debt
         derivatives at maturity, resulting in a repayment of $1,019 million, including $75 million on settlement of the associated debt derivatives.

         During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the issuance of the US$2 billion senior notes due 2052, we
         terminated US$2 billion notional amount of forward starting cross-currency swaps and received $43 million upon settlement. As at
         December 31, 2022, we had no forward starting cross-currency swaps outstanding (December 31, 2021 – US$2 billion).

         We did not settle any debt derivatives related to senior notes during 2021.

         As at December 31, 2022, we had US$16,100 million of US dollar-denominated senior notes, debentures, and subordinated notes, all of
         which were hedged economically using debt derivatives.

                                                                                                                                                                 As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates, percentages, and years)                                                                                2022               2021
         US dollar-denominated long-term debt 1                                                                                                        US$ 16,100         US$ 9,050
             Hedged with debt derivatives                                                                                                              US$ 16,100         US$ 9,050
             Hedged exchange rate                                                                                                                          1.2365            1.2069
             Percent hedged                                                                                                                               100.0%             100.0%
         Amount of borrowings at fixed rates 2
            Total borrowings                                                                                                                           $      33,948      $      20,514
            Total borrowings at fixed rates                                                                                                            $      30,958      $      18,323
            Percent of borrowings at fixed rates                                                                                                               91.2%              89.3%
            Weighted average interest rate on borrowings                                                                                                       4.50%              3.95%
            Weighted average term to maturity                                                                                                              11.8 years         11.6 years
         1   US dollar-denominated long-term debt reflects the hedged exchange rate and the hedged interest rate.
         2   Borrowings include long-term debt, including the impact of debt derivatives, and short-term borrowings associated with our US CP program, receivables securitization program,
             and non-revolving credit facilities.


         Debt derivatives related to credit facilities and US CP
         During the year, we entered into debt derivatives related to our credit facility and US CP borrowings as a result of a favourable interest rate
         spread obtained from borrowing funds in US dollars. We used these derivatives to offset the foreign exchange and interest rate risk on our
         US dollar-denominated credit facility and commercial paper borrowings.

         Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered and settled related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program during
         2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2022                   Year ended December 31, 2021

                                                                                                 Notional      Exchange        Notional         Notional      Exchange         Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                           (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)            (US$)            rate         (Cdn$)
         Credit facilities
             Debt derivatives entered                                                                    –              –              –            1,200           1.253         1,503
             Debt derivatives settled                                                                  400          1.268            507              800           1.254         1,003
             Net cash received (paid) on settlement                                                                                    9                                             (2)
         US commercial paper program
             Debt derivatives entered                                                               6,745           1.302          8,781            2,568           1.260         3,235
             Debt derivatives settled                                                               7,292           1.306          9,522            2,312           1.259         2,911
             Net cash received (paid) on settlement                                                                                   64                                            (15)


         Lease liabilities
         Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered and settled related to our outstanding lease liabilities during 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31, 2022                  Year ended December 31, 2021

                                                                                                  Notional      Exchange        Notional        Notional      Exchange         Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                            (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)           (US$)            rate         (Cdn$)

         Debt derivatives entered                                                                       156          1.321            206             132           1.273            168
         Debt derivatives settled                                                                       124          1.306            162               81          1.333            108




52   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
As at December 31, 2022, we had US$225 million notional amount of debt derivatives outstanding related to our outstanding lease
liabilities (2021 – US$193 million) with terms to maturity ranging from January 2023 to December 2025 (2021 – January 2022 to December
2024), at an average rate of $1.306/US$ (2021 – $1.301/US$).
See “Mark-to-market value” for more information about our debt derivatives.

INTEREST RATE DERIVATIVES                                                  Concurrent with our issuance of US$7.05 billion ($9.05 billion) and
From time to time, we use bond forward derivatives or interest rate        $4.25 billion senior notes in March 2022, we terminated:
swap derivatives (collectively, interest rate derivatives) to hedge        • US$2 billion of interest rate swap derivatives and paid
interest rate risk on current and future debt instruments. Our               US$129 million ($165 million) upon settlement; and
interest rate derivatives are designated as hedges for accounting          • $500 million of bond forwards and $2.3 billion of interest rate
purposes.                                                                    swap derivatives and received $80 million upon settlement.

Concurrent with our issuance of US$750 million subordinated                As at December 31, 2022, we had no interest rate derivatives
notes in February 2022, we terminated $950 million of interest rate        outstanding.
swap derivatives and received $33 million upon settlement.

EXPENDITURE DERIVATIVES
We use foreign currency derivative contracts (expenditure derivatives) to hedge the foreign exchange risk on the notional amount of
certain forecast US dollar-denominated expenditures. Below is a summary of the expenditure derivatives we entered and settled to
manage foreign exchange risk related to certain forecast expenditures.
                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2022       Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                             Notional     Exchange      Notional   Notional     Exchange    Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                (US$)           rate      (Cdn$)      (US$)           rate    (Cdn$)
Expenditure derivatives entered                                                     852       1.251       1,066         438         1.244        545
Expenditure derivatives settled                                                     960       1.291       1,239         960         1.360      1,306

The expenditure derivatives noted above have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
As at December 31, 2022, we had US$960 million of expenditure derivatives outstanding (2021 – US$1,068 million), at an average rate of
$1.250/US$ (2021 – $1.287/US$), with terms to maturity ranging from January 2023 to December 2023 (2021 – January 2022 to
December 2023).

EQUITY DERIVATIVES                                                         In 2022, we entered into 0.5 million equity derivatives (2021 –
We use total return swap agreements (equity derivatives) to hedge          0.4 million) with a weighted average price of $59.18 (2021 –
the market price appreciation risk of the Class B Non-Voting Shares        $60.98).
granted under our stock-based compensation programs. As at
                                                                           In 2021, we reset the weighted average price to $59.64 on
December 31, 2022, we had equity derivatives for 5.5 million (2021
                                                                           0.5 million equity derivatives and received net proceeds of
– 5.0 million) Class B Non-Voting Shares with a weighted average
                                                                           $3 million. At the same time in 2021, we reset the expiry dates to
price of $53.65 (2021 – $53.10). These derivatives have not been
                                                                           April 2023 (from April 2021).
designated as hedges for accounting purposes. We record
changes in their fair value as a stock-based compensation expense,         Additionally, we executed extension agreements for the remainder
or offset thereto, which serves to offset a substantial portion of the     of our equity derivative contracts under substantially the same
impact of changes in the market price of Class B Non-Voting                commitment terms and conditions with revised expiry dates to
Shares on the accrued value of the stock-based compensation                April 2023 (from April 2022).
liability for our stock-based compensation programs.

CASH SETTLEMENTS ON DEBT DERIVATIVES AND FORWARD CONTRACTS
Below is a summary of the net proceeds (payments) on settlement of debt derivatives and forward contracts during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021.
                                                                     Year ended December 31, 2022                   Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                      US$         Exchange          Cdn$             US$      Exchange          Cdn$
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                settlements             rate   settlements     settlements          rate   settlements
Credit facilities                                                                                        9                                        (2)
US commercial paper program                                                                             64                                       (15)
Senior and subordinated notes                                                                          (75)                                        –
Forward starting cross-currency swaps                                                                   43                                         –
Interest rate derivatives (Cdn$)                                                                       113                                         9
Interest rate derivatives (US$)                                          (129)       1.279            (165)             –             –            –

Net payments on settlement of debt derivatives and
 forward contracts                                                                                     (11)                                        (8)




                                                                                                      2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   53
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         MARK-TO-MARKET VALUE
         We record our derivatives using an estimated credit-adjusted, mark-to-market valuation, calculated in accordance with IFRS.
                                                          As at December 31, 2022                                                     As at December 31, 2021
                                            Notional        Notional    Fair                                              Notional        Notional    Fair
         (In millions of dollars, except    amount Exchange amount    value          (In millions of dollars, except      amount Exchange amount    value
         exchange rates)                      (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$)           exchange rates)                        (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$)
         Debt derivatives accounted for                                              Debt derivatives accounted for
           as cash flow hedges:                                                        as cash flow hedges:
             As assets                         7,834      1.1718    9,180   1,330        As assets                          5,859     1.1369    6,661    1,453
             As liabilities                    7,491      1.3000    9,738    (414)       As liabilities                     5,383     1.3025    7,011     (343)
         Short-term debt derivatives not                                             Short-term debt derivatives not
           accounted for as hedges:                                                    accounted for as hedges:
             As assets                         1,173      1.2930    1,517     72         As assets                          1,104     1.2578    1,389        11

         Net mark-to-market debt                                                     Net mark-to-market debt
          derivative asset                                                   988      derivative asset                                                   1,121

         Expenditure derivatives                                                     Interest rate derivatives
           accounted for as cash flow                                                   accounted for as cash flow
           hedges:                                                                      hedges:
             As assets                          960       1.2500    1,200     94          As assets (Cdn$)                      –          –    3,250        40
                                                                                          As liabilities (Cdn$)                 –          –      500        (6)
         Net mark-to-market
                                                                                          As liabilities (US$)              2,000          –        –      (277)
          expenditure derivative asset                                        94
                                                                                     Net mark-to-market interest rate
         Equity derivatives not accounted
                                                                                      derivative liability                                                 (243)
           for as hedges:
             As assets                             –           –     295      54     Expenditure derivatives
                                                                                       accounted for as cash flow
              Net mark-to-market equity
                                                                                       hedges:
               derivative asset                                               54
                                                                                         As assets                              438   1.2453      545        11
         Net mark-to-market asset                                           1,136        As liabilities                         630   1.3151      829       (30)

                                                                                     Net mark-to-market
                                                                                      expenditure derivative liability                                      (19)

                                                                                     Equity derivatives not accounted
                                                                                       for as hedges:
                                                                                         As assets                                –        –      265        36

                                                                                     Net mark-to-market asset                                              895



         DIVIDENDS AND SHARE INFORMATION
         DIVIDENDS
         Below is a summary of the dividends that have been declared and paid on RCI’s outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares.

                                                                                                             Dividend per                      Dividends paid
         Declaration date                   Record date                      Payment date                   share (dollars)             (in millions of dollars)
         January 26, 2022                   March 10, 2022                   April 1, 2022                               0.50                              252
         April 19, 2022                     June 10, 2022                    July 4, 2022                                0.50                              253
         July 26, 2022                      September 9, 2022                October 3, 2022                             0.50                              253
         November 8, 2022                   December 9, 2022                 January 3, 2023                             0.50                              252
         January 27, 2021                   March 10, 2021                   April 1, 2021                               0.50                              252
         April 20, 2021                     June 10, 2021                    July 2, 2021                                0.50                              253
         July 20, 2021                      September 9, 2021                October 1, 2021                             0.50                              253
         October 20, 2021                   December 10, 2021                January 4, 2022                             0.50                              252




54   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
On February 1, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of                            As at February 28, 2023, 111,152,011 Class A Shares, 393,773,306
$0.50 per Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share, to                            Class B Non-Voting Shares, and 9,800,208 options to purchase
be paid on April 3, 2023, to shareholders of record on March 10,                           Class B Non-Voting Shares were outstanding.
2023.
                                                                                           We use the weighted average number of shares outstanding to
We currently expect that the remaining record and payment dates                            calculate earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share.
for the 2023 declaration of dividends will be as follows, subject to
                                                                                                                                     Years ended December 31
the declaration by the Board each quarter at its sole discretion:
                                                                                           (Number of shares in millions)                    2022            2021
    Declaration date             Record date                  Payment date
                                                                                           Basic weighted average number of
    April 25, 2023               June 9, 2023                 July 5, 2023
                                                                                             shares outstanding                               505             505
    June 6, 2023                 September 8, 2023            October 2, 2023
                                                                                           Diluted weighted average number of
    November 8, 2023             December 8, 2023             January 2, 2024
                                                                                             shares outstanding                               506             506

OUTSTANDING COMMON SHARES
                                                                                           PREFERRED SHARES
                                                               As at December 31           In relation to our issuances of subordinated notes in December
                                                                                           2021 and February 2022, the Board approved the creation of new
                                                             2022                2021
                                                                                           Series I and Series II preferred shares, respectively. Series I has been
Common shares outstanding 1                                                                authorized for up to 3.3 million preferred shares and Series II has
   Class A Voting                                 111,152,011          111,153,411         been authorized for up to 1.4 million preferred shares. Both series
   Class B Non-Voting                             393,773,306          393,771,907         have no voting rights, par values of $1,000 per share, and will be
                                                                                           issued automatically upon the occurrence of certain events
Total common shares                               504,925,317          504,925,318
                                                                                           involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of RCI to holders of the
Options to purchase Class B                                                                respective subordinated notes.
 Non-Voting Shares
    Outstanding options                               9,860,208            6,494,001
    Outstanding options
      exercisable                                     3,440,894            2,373,717
1   Holders of our Class B Non-Voting Shares are entitled to receive notice of and to
    attend shareholder meetings; however, they are not entitled to vote at these
    meetings except as required by law or stipulated by stock exchanges. If an offer is
    made to purchase outstanding Class A Shares, there is no requirement under
    applicable law or our constating documents that an offer be made for the
    outstanding Class B Non-Voting Shares, and there is no other protection available to
    shareholders under our constating documents. If an offer is made to purchase both
    classes of shares, the offer for the Class A Shares may be made on different terms
    than the offer to the holders of Class B Non-Voting Shares.




                                                                                                                  2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   55
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
         CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
         Below is a summary of our obligations under firm contractual arrangements as at December 31, 2022. See notes 3, 17, and 28 to our 2022
         Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. In addition to the below, our share of commitments relating to
         associates and joint ventures is $320 million.

                                                                                             Less than                                                           After
         (In millions of dollars)                                                               1 Year             1-3 Years             4-5 Years             5 Years                Total
         Short-term borrowings                                                                    2,985                    –                     –                  –              2,985
         Long-term debt 1,2                                                                       1,828                4,152                 6,954             19,921             32,855
         Net interest payments                                                                    1,503                2,639                 2,163             13,345             19,650
         Lease liabilities                                                                          362                  716                   320              1,218              2,616
         Debt derivative instruments 3                                                             (443)                 (88)                 (159)            (1,220)            (1,910)
         Expenditure derivative instruments 3                                                      (100)                   –                     –                  –               (100)
         Player contracts 4                                                                         170                  183                   119                 33                505
         Purchase obligations 5                                                                     333                  299                   130                156                918
         Property, plant and equipment                                                               69                   99                    24                  –                192
         Intangible assets                                                                            1                    1                     –                  –                  2
         Program rights 6                                                                           694                1,199                   421                346              2,660
         Other long-term liabilities                                                                  –                    3                     2                  5                 10
         Total                                                                                    7,402                9,203                 9,974             33,804             60,383
         1 Principal obligations of long-term debt (including current portion) due at maturity.
         2 Reflects repayment of the subordinated notes issued in December 2021 and February 2022 on the five-year anniversary.
         3 Net (receipts) disbursements due at maturity. US dollar amounts have been translated into Canadian dollars at the Bank of Canada year-end rate.

         4 Toronto Blue Jays players’ salary contracts into which we have entered and are contractually obligated to pay.

         5 Contractual obligations under service, product, and wireless device contracts to which we have committed.

         6 Agreements into which we have entered to acquire broadcasting rights for sports broadcasting programs and films for periods in excess of one year at contract inception.




         OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
         GUARANTEES
         As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that
         provide for indemnification and guarantees to counterparties in
         transactions involving business sale and business combination
         agreements, sales of services, and purchases and development of
         assets. Due to the nature of these indemnifications, we are unable
         to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount
         we could be required to pay counterparties. Historically, we have
         not made any significant payment under these indemnifications or
         guarantees. See note 27 to our 2022 Audited Consolidated
         Financial Statements.




56   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
                                                                        • We are committed to conducting business in an environmentally
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL
                                                                          responsible manner, as reinforced through our Rogers
We are a national company with a strong legacy of investing in the        Environmental Policy. In support of our policy, we maintain an
future of Canada. We are committed to making a meaningful                 Environmental Management System, including 25 separate
impact through investments to improve digital access for all              procedures to set the foundation for how we manage our
Canadians, to help the next generation achieve their highest              environmental risk, improve business efficiency, and drive
potential, to take action on climate change, to deliver for our           environmental progress and performance. Environmental
customers, and to empower our team to give back to communities.           responsibilities for employees and suppliers are outlined in our
                                                                          Rogers Business Conduct Policy and our Supplier Code of
We are focused on growing in a socially and environmentally
responsible manner through a focus on ESG. The material aspects           Conduct, which is reviewed annually.
of our environmental and social activities cover three focus areas      • We have formal, dedicated oversight on environmental matters
(Environmental Leadership, People and Communications, and                 at the Board and management levels. We maintain a corporate
Responsible Management), each of which is described below.                governance framework to oversee energy management and
                                                                          climate-related risks and opportunities through our Energy
                                                                          Executive Council, Climate Change Steering Committee,
ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP
                                                                          Climate Change Core Team, Energy Operations Committee,
Our strategy remains focused on reducing our environmental
                                                                          and a management-level Energy and Sustainability Group.
footprint, managing our environmental risks, and promoting
                                                                          Having responsibility at all levels of leadership ensures
environmental awareness and engagement with all our
                                                                          accountability and effective management for climate-related
stakeholders. Through these efforts, we strive to ensure stakeholder
satisfaction and maintain investor confidence.                            issues.
                                                                          • Our Energy Executive Council is responsible for assessing and
                                                                             managing our energy transition strategy, including overseeing
Energy management and climate change
                                                                             target setting and monitoring reduction efforts across our
• We are focused on minimizing our impact on the climate by
                                                                             operations.
  managing our energy and associated carbon emissions.
                                                                          • Our Energy Operations Committee is responsible for the
  Annually, we measure and disclose details on our energy use
                                                                             implementation of our energy strategy, including execution of
  and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our buildings and
                                                                             energy reduction efforts contributing to improved efficiencies
  retail stores, cell transmission sites, power supply stations, data
                                                                             and cost savings.
  centres, fleet, employee travel and commuting, and the
                                                                          • Our Climate Change Steering Committee is responsible for
  operations of the Toronto Blue Jays and Rogers Centre.
                                                                             approving and overseeing our climate approach and
• In December 2022, we became the first national Canadian
                                                                             supporting our executive engagement activities while our
  telecommunications company to commit to a science-based
                                                                             Climate Change Core Team develops our climate change
  net-zero GHG emissions target for 2050 as well as a near-term
                                                                             strategy and implements it across our business units. In 2022,
  target to reduce emissions by 50% by 2030 with the Science
                                                                             members of both were engaged to further develop our work
  Based Targets initiative, the governing body that approves
                                                                             plan for establishing recommendations towards a new GHG
  private sector GHG targets to align with the Paris Agreement.
                                                                             emissions reduction target.
  We plan to meet these new commitments through a four-point
  plan: increase energy efficiencies across our operations, network,
  and data centres; transition our fleet to electric and hybrid         Material sourcing, efficiency, and waste management
  vehicles; expand our renewable energy strategy; and engage            As we transform our business for the future, we believe we have a
  suppliers to set their own science-based targets.                     responsibility to do more with less, while minimizing waste
• We continue to invest in energy efficiency programs to reduce         generation. Responsible material stewardship enables us to
  energy and associated GHG emissions, including LED lighting           increase efficiency, lower our environmental impacts, and engage
  retrofits, cooling optimization strategies across our head-ends       stakeholders in digital solutions to transition towards a more
  and data centres, and modernization of our network through            sustainable circular economy. Our waste management strategy is
  software features to help reduce power consumption in our             focused on using sustainable products, optimizing material use,
  radio access network sites. In 2022, we continued to identify and     and diverting waste from landfills.
  implement end-of-life and optimization opportunities across our
  head-ends and data centres, achieving greater operational             Product end-of-life management
  savings, deferred capital upgrades, and improved space                We recognize the important responsibility we have towards
  utilization.                                                          product stewardship in a way that contributes to a sustainable
• As we transition towards a low-carbon economy, we recognize           circular economy. In addition to providing sustainably sourced
  the importance of renewable energy sources. In 2022, we               devices to our customers and services to elongate their lifespan, we
  implemented localized renewable solar and wind power                  have set an ambitious goal to recycle 100% of our electronic waste,
  generation to supply power to several off-grid 5G cell sites.         completely diverting it from landfills. Across our office buildings, we
  These modular renewable systems limit the runtime of diesel­          encourage our employees to separate materials, with the goal of
  fuelled generators and further reduce operational and                 recycling 70% or more.
  maintenance costs.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   57
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         PEOPLE AND COMMUNITIES                                                     • For our people, we focus on embedding inclusion into the
         The health and safety of our employees is paramount. Throughout              employee experience and building diversity. In 2022, we
         2022, we continued to support inclusion and diversity, working in            embedded I&D into objective setting and introduced a new I&D
         partnership with employee-led diversity communities who are                  category as part of the Ted Rogers Awards program. To drive
         instrumental in helping foster change, including the release of our          awareness and allyship, we commemorated days of significance
         Truth and Reconciliation Commitment Statement in September                   and hosted Safe Talk sessions to support our people in response
         2022.                                                                        to external human rights issues. As part of building diversity, we
                                                                                      continued to implement inclusive recruitment practices,
         We are proud to continue investing in Canada’s youth through Ted             including diverse candidate slates and partnering with
         Rogers Scholarships, Ted Rogers Community Grants, and Jays Care              organizations such as Black Professionals in Tech and Lime
         Foundation, which collectively reduced financial barriers to post­           Connect to broaden our reach.
         secondary education, helped organizations deliver critical skills
         programs, and made sports more accessible to thousands of
                                                                                    Community and Indigenous collaboration
         young people across the country.
                                                                                    • Giving back and supporting the communities where we live and
                                                                                      work continued to be a focus in 2022 and we provided
         Safety and well-being                                                        $76 million in cash and in-kind donations to support various
         • To prevent injuries, we have a comprehensive, risk-based safety            organizations and causes.
           management system that includes policies, programs, training,            • Our annual corporate matching campaign for employees in
           engagement, and continuous improvement. Our Safety                         November saw $1.3 million in total donations, pledged to more
           Executive Council, composed of senior leaders from across the              than 850 charitable organizations across Canada.
           company, oversees our safety strategy and performance and                • We continued to invest in the next generation of young
           drives priorities across the business. Our local Workplace Health          Canadians by awarding more than 350 Ted Rogers Scholarships
           and Safety Committees are also actively engaged in supporting              to the Class of 2022 to support their post-secondary studies.
           our safety programs.                                                       Additionally, 70% of community scholarships were awarded to
         • We are focused on our employees’ well-being and we strive to               equity-deserving recipients across more than 140 Canadian
           support employees so they can thrive at work. Guided by our five           communities.
           pillars of well-being (mental, physical, social, work, and financial),   • Through our 2022 Ted Rogers Community Grants program, we
           we have developed a strategy that has allowed us to create                 provided funding to more than 70 organizations across Canada
           programming to improve skills for people leaders, consult on               that deliver programs to youth in education, health and sport,
           employee-driven well-being initiatives, and support accessibility.         digital literacy, and entrepreneurship. Recipient programs
           We also continue promoting mental health training for people               collectively support over 50,000 Canadian youth across more
           leaders to help them support themselves and employees in                   than 250 communities.
           need. In addition, we continued holding Safe Talk sessions and           • We made sports more accessible for Canadian youth through a
           business unit well-being sessions, and we launched an online               $1 million donation to support Jays Care Foundation’s ambitious
           platform as a central hub for well-being resources.                        goal to bring youth baseball programs to over 45,000 youth
         • We aim to build a more inclusive environment that improves the             across Canada, in partnership with over 100 organizations
           employee and customer experience, including for individuals                through programs like Challenger Baseball, Indigenous Rookie
           with accessibility needs. With the support of senior leadership,           League, and Girls at Bat. Through a joint multi-year partnership
           we have working groups to help champion accessibility across               with Tennis Canada, we also provided funding for four new
           the organization, and we are focused on equipping our team                 covered courts (tennis bubbles) to enable year-round access to
           members with the knowledge and tools to embed accessibility                tennis for youth, communities, and future athletes in Calgary,
           into their everyday work. We have an accessibility feedback                Alberta; Markham, Ontario; Ancaster, Ontario; and Waterloo,
           process to gather information from our customers on how we                 Quebec.
           can better interact with, support, and elevate their experience          • We donated and launched text-to-donate campaigns to support
           with Rogers.                                                               multiple Canadian Red Cross disaster and humanitarian relief
                                                                                      efforts in 2022, including Ukraine, Pakistan, Hurricane Fiona, and
         Employee engagement and talent development                                   fires in Newfoundland. To support our customers, we waived
         • It is important we live our values, develop our teams, and                 long distance and SMS charges for our customers anxious to
           continue to support our employees on their career journeys. Our            communicate with friends and family in related support efforts in
           Chief Human Resources Officer oversees talent management,                  a number of countries, including in Iran, and donated thousands
           while the Human Resources Committee assists the Board in                   of prepaid chatr SIM cards to provide immediate emergency
           monitoring, reviewing, and approving compensation and benefit              connectivity for individuals arriving from Ukraine.
           policies and practices.                                                  • Through Rogers Group of Funds programs, we are proud to
         • Our five-year inclusion and diversity (I&D) strategy, launched in          invest in Canadian content creation and to help amplify voices
           2020, focuses on embedding diversity, equity, and inclusion                and storytelling from equity-deserving filmmakers. We joined
           (DEI) into the fabric of our organization by applying a DEI lens to        Creative BC in launching the new Rogers Indigenous Film Fund
           everything we do, from how we recruit, to how we engage with               Program, supporting Indigenous storytellers in British Columbia,
           our customers. It is grounded in three pillars (people, customers,         and supported the second round of funding for Black and
           and community) to accelerate our progress and address                      People of Colour creators through the Rogers-BSO Script
           inequalities.                                                              Development Fund. In 2022, Rogers Group of Funds awarded




58   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
  $23 million in funding to support Canadian storytellers and            RESPONSIBLE MANAGEMENT
  content creators through the Rogers Cable Network and                  We aim to adhere to the highest standards of responsible
  Documentary Funds, with a focus on supporting projects from            management through strong policies, oversight, and systems to
  equity-deserving creators.                                             mitigate risk, ensure safety, and protect privacy. We put our
• We continued on our truth and reconciliation journey by                customers first in everything we do by investing in our customer-
  releasing our Truth and Reconciliation Commitment Statement,           facing teams and our networks to keep Canadians connected to
  a formal declaration of actions we will take to further the ongoing    what matters most. We have strict safety regulations and take steps
  collective journey towards reconciliation and greater                  across our entire company to be a good environmental steward.
  collaboration with Indigenous communities. Written in                  We also strive for supplier diversity across our supply chain to
  partnership with Indigenous leaders at Rogers, the statement           support equity-deserving businesses.
  commits to bridging the digital divide, creating safe spaces,
  recruiting Indigenous employees, and supporting the next
                                                                         Data privacy and security
  generation of Indigenous youth through scholarships, grants,
                                                                         • We actively work to improve transparency and strive to be an
  and access to sport. In honour of the National Day for Truth and
                                                                           industry leader in the privacy space. Our Privacy Policy outlines
  Reconciliation, we renamed the Huntley Street Park at our
  Toronto office the “Ishkozi Park”, an Ojibwe word meaning                our responsibilities and practices regarding the protection of the
  “awake”.                                                                 personal information of our employees and customers. Our
• We supported equity-deserving businesses through our Supplier            Chief Privacy Officer oversees our compliance with this policy
  Diversity Program and the Rogers Sports & Media All IN                   and all applicable laws.
  program, which offers free advertising and creative services to        • Requests received for the release of customer information from
  small businesses and charities.                                          law enforcement agencies are carefully analyzed and we will only
                                                                           release customer information when we are satisfied it is
Human rights                                                               appropriate to do so.
• We share the values reflected in international proclamations
  about human rights, such as the Universal Declaration of Human         Service reliability and network leadership
  Rights. We commit to respect and protect human rights, support         • We are focused on providing resilient networks and services. In
  the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, and             2022, we committed to investing $20 billion to improve network
  comply with Canadian human rights laws. As a member of the               coverage and reliability over the next five years. We have begun
  United Nations Global Compact, we contribute to the UN                   to make progress on our action plan, including putting in place
  Sustainable Development Goals, which include actions we will             increased oversight and testing, and using predictive
  take to address things like climate change, human rights,                technologies to ensure we meet customer expectations.
  education, gender equality, and overall health and well-being.         • In 2022, we also committed to physically separate our IP core to
• Our human rights expectations for our employees and Board are            support our wireless and wireline traffic.
  defined in our Business Conduct Policy and Director Code of            • Innovation is part of our DNA whether it is bringing new
  Conduct and Ethics. We are committed to ensuring we treat                products or the latest network technologies to market. In 2022,
  each other with respect and dignity and do not tolerate                  we invested $3.1 billion in capital expenditures, with much of
  harassment or discriminatory practices. We have robust policies          that investment going to our wireless and wireline networks,
  in place to support accessibility, diversity, inclusion, and equity.     including continuing to expand Canada’s largest 5G network as
• Our Supplier Code of Conduct defines what we expect from our             at December 31, 2022, which now reaches over 1,900
  suppliers on ethical conduct, anti-bribery practices, and safety,
                                                                           communities.
  environmental, and labour behaviours. This means they cannot
  use forced or child labour, workweeks cannot exceed the
  maximum set by local law, and compensation paid to workers             Customer service
  must comply with applicable wage laws. We conduct annual               • We believe our customers expect and deserve the best service
  Ethical Procurement Practices assessments of our supplier base           and we are committed to putting customers first in everything
  to monitor performance. We also continue to support diverse              we do to deliver the best experience. We are proud to be the
  suppliers to help reduce inequalities, including systemic racism         only national telecommunications provider with 100% Canada-
  and gender issues through our Supplier Diversity program, and            based customer-facing teams. With a continued focus on self-
  through collaboration with non-profit organizations.                     serve options for our customers and investment in training and
• We deliver products and services to our customers without                tools for our customer-facing teams, we are dedicated to
  discrimination and harassment as defined in our Business                 exceptional service, regardless of how customers choose to
  Conduct Policy. We are committed to providing services that are          interact with us.
  affordable and accessible and we address customer complaints           • We have programs and policies in place to manage a range of
  through our “Share your Concern” portal.                                 product responsibility issues. For example, we have policies in
• We provide scholarships, community grants, and access to                 place to comply with all relevant safety regulations and codes,
  technology to bridge the digital divide and to help ensure               we have programs and teams to manage and advise on our
  Canadian youth have access to quality education. We are                  accessibility offerings, and we operate stewardship programs to
  helping to reduce inequality by focusing efforts and investments         manage the proper disposal and recycling of our used products,
  on equity-deserving communities.                                         including Rogers Trade-Up and FidoTrade.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   59
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         • In our retail stores, we commemorated days of significance          GOVERNANCE AT ROGERS
           including Black History Month, Pride, and National Day of Truth
           and Reconciliation, and reduced language barriers through our       Rogers is a family-founded, family-controlled company and we take
           We Speak Your Language pilot. Through this pilot, employees         pride in our proactive and disciplined approach to ensuring that
           across 40 participating stores can speak to our customers in over   our governance structure and practices instill confidence in our
           100 languages.                                                      shareholders.

                                                                               Voting control of Rogers Communications Inc. is held by the
         Digital inclusion
                                                                               Rogers Control Trust (the Trust), the beneficiaries of which are
         • Recognizing the power of connection for vulnerable Canadians,
                                                                               members of the Rogers family. The Trust holds voting control of RCI
           we extended our goodwill device and plan donation program to
                                                                               for the benefit of successive generations of the Rogers family via
           continue providing connectivity for those escaping violence and
           abuse, youth connecting to mentors, and 2SLGBTQ+ youth and          the Trust’s ownership of 98% of the outstanding Class A Shares of
           allies.                                                             RCI (2021 – 98%). The Rogers family are substantial stakeholders
         • We continued to bridge the digital divide through Connected         and owned approximately 29% of our equity as at December 31,
           for Success with 750,000 Canadians eligible for the service,        2022 (2021 – 29%) through its ownership of a combined total of
           including those on disability support, and through expansion        147 million (2021 – 147 million) Class A Shares and Class B
           into rural, remote, and Indigenous communities.                     Non-Voting Shares. As a result, the Trust is able to elect all
                                                                               members of the Board and to control the vote on most matters
         Procurement and supplier management                                   submitted to shareholders, whether through a shareholder
         • We strive to conduct business with socially and environmentally     meeting or a written consent resolution.
           responsible companies that share our values. Through our            The Board is currently made up of thirteen directors who bring a
           competitive supplier selection process, contract management,
                                                                               rich mix of experience as business leaders in North America. Each
           and governance practices, we identify, mitigate, and monitor
                                                                               of our directors is firmly committed to effective governance, strong
           risks associated with third-party engagements. We require
                                                                               oversight, and the ongoing creation of shareholder value. The
           suppliers adhere to our Third-Party Risk Management program
                                                                               Board as a whole is committed to sound corporate governance and
           and we further monitor compliance through annual risk
                                                                               continually reviews its governance practices and benchmarks them
           assessments.
                                                                               against acknowledged leaders and evolving legislation. The Board
                                                                               believes that Rogers’ governance system is effective and that there
         Net neutrality
                                                                               are appropriate structures and procedures in place.
         • The CRTC, through the Telecommunications Act (Canada), sets
           the regulatory framework for Internet traffic management
           practices. This framework supports free and open access to          GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES
           information on our networks. We are a firm proponent of net         We have adopted many best practices for effective governance,
           neutrality and comply with the policy and requirements set by       including:
           the CRTC in ensuring open Internet access for our customers.        • separation of the CEO and Chair roles;
           We also acknowledge that we have a role to play in addressing       • an independent lead director;
           illegal, infringing, and harmful content online. We believe         • formal corporate governance policies and charters;
           sanctioned measures to address this behaviour are an essential      • a code of business conduct and whistleblower hotline;
           and consistent aspect of net neutrality principles.                 • director share ownership requirements;
                                                                               • Board and committee in camera discussions;
         ESG governance and business ethics                                    • annual reviews of Board and Committee performance;
         • We strive to offer innovative solutions for customers, create       • Audit and Risk Committee meetings with internal and external
           diverse and well-paying jobs, support small businesses, pay taxes      auditors;
           to all levels of government, and deliver dividends to               • an orientation program for new directors;
           shareholders. In 2022, we directly contributed $15 billion to the   • regular Board and committee education sessions;
           Canadian economy and, as at December 31, 2022, employed             • committee authority to retain independent advisors; and
           22,000 team members across the country. Beyond these direct         • director material relationship standards.
           economic impacts, our performance produces indirect
           economic benefits, including locally procured goods and             The Board now consists of 8 independent directors and 5
           services and significant charitable donations.                      non-independent directors.

         See our 2021 ESG report on our website (about.rogers.com/             We comply with all relevant corporate governance guidelines and
         our-impact) for more information about our social, environmental,     standards as a Canadian public company listed on the TSX and as a
         and governance performance. We expect to release our 2022 ESG         foreign private issuer listed on the NYSE in the US.
         report in the coming months.




60   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
BOARD OVERSIGHT                                                           compensation of senior management and monitoring senior
The Board delegates certain responsibilities to its eight standing        executive succession planning.
committees to ensure proper oversight and accountability:               • ESG Committee – assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight
• Audit and Risk Committee – reviews our accounting policies and          responsibilities of relevant environmental sustainability, social
  practices, the integrity of our financial reporting processes and       responsibility, and governance policies, strategies, and programs
  procedures, and the financial statements and other relevant             and the actions we can take to be a responsible corporate
  disclosure for release to shareholders and the public. It assists       citizen.
  the Board in its oversight of our compliance with legal and           • Executive Committee – assists the Board in discharging its
  regulatory requirements for financial reporting, assesses our           responsibilities between meetings, including acting in such areas
  accounting and financial control systems, and evaluates the             as are specifically designated and authorized at a preceding
  qualifications, independence, and work of our internal and              Board meeting to consider matters that may arise from time to
  external auditors. It also reviews risk management policies and         time.
  associated processes used to manage major risk exposures.             • Finance Committee – reviews our investment strategies, general
• Corporate Governance Committee – assists the Board to ensure            debt, and equity structure and reports on them to the Board.
  it has appropriate systems and procedures for carrying out its        • Pension Committee – oversees the administration of our retiree
  responsibilities. This committee develops governance policies           pension plans and reviews the investment performance and
  and practices, recommends them to the Board for approval, and           provisions of the plans.
  leads the Board in its periodic review of Board and committee
                                                                        You can find more details about governance at Rogers on our
  performance.
                                                                        Investor Relations website (investors.rogers.com), including:
• Nominating Committee – identifies prospective candidates to
                                                                        • a complete statement of our corporate governance practices;
  serve on the Board. Nominated directors can be elected by
                                                                        • our codes of conduct and ethics;
  shareholders at a meeting, appointed by the Board, or
                                                                        • charters for each of the Board’s standing committees;
  appointed by written consent resolution. The committee also
                                                                        • director biographies; and
  recommends nominees for each Board committee, including
                                                                        • a summary of the differences between the NYSE corporate
  each committee chair.
                                                                           governance rules that apply to US-based companies and our
• Human Resources Committee – assists the Board in monitoring,
                                                                           governance practices as a non-US-based issuer listed on the
  reviewing, and approving compensation and benefit policies
                                                                           NYSE.
  and practices. It is also responsible for recommending the


                                      Board of Directors and its Standing Committees                                     Chair     Member

As at March 9, 2023
                                       Audit and    Corporate                                           Human
                                                                  ESG         Executive    Finance                 Nominating    Pension
                                         Risk      Governance                                          Resources

    Edward S. Rogers 1
    Jack L. Cockwell, C.M.

    Michael J. Cooper
    Ivan Fecan

    Robert J. Gemmell 2
    Jan L. Innes

    John (Jake) C. Kerr, C.M. O.B.C
    Dr. Mohammed Lachemi

    Philip B. Lind, C.M.
    David A. Robinson
    Martha L. Rogers
    Melinda M. Rogers-Hixon

    Tony Staffieri

1   Chair of the Board
2   Lead Director




                                                                                              2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   61
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         INCOME TAX AND OTHER GOVERNMENT
         PAYMENTS
                                                                                • unrecoverable sales taxes and custom duties; and
         We proactively manage our tax affairs to enhance our business          • broadcast, spectrum, and other regulatory fees.
         decisions and optimize after-tax free cash flow available for
         investment in our business and shareholder returns. We have            As outlined in the table below, the total cost to Rogers of these
         comprehensive policies and procedures to ensure we are compliant       payments in 2022 was $1,333 million.
         with all tax laws and reporting requirements, including filing and                                                           Years ended December 31
         making all income and sales tax returns and payments on a timely
         basis. As a part of this process, we pursue open and cooperative       (In millions of dollars)                                         2022               2021
         relationships with revenue authorities to minimize audit effort and    Income taxes paid                                                 455                 700
         reduce tax uncertainty. We also engage with government policy          Add:
         makers on taxation matters that affect Rogers and its shareholders,        Unrecoverable sales taxes paid                                 15                   9
         employees, customers, and other stakeholders.                              Payroll taxes paid                                            145                 135
                                                                                    Regulatory and spectrum fees
         INCOME TAX PAYMENTS                                                          paid 1                                                      670                 490
         Our total income tax expense of $609 million in 2022 is close to the       Property and business taxes paid                               48                  50
         expense computed on our accounting income at the statutory rate
                                                                                Taxes paid and other government
         of 26.5%. Cash income tax payments totaled $455 million in 2022.
                                                                                  payments 2                                                    1,333               1,384
         The primary reasons our cash income tax is lower than our income
         tax expense are the timing of installment payments and the             1 Includes an allocation of $418 million (2021 – $252 million) relating to the $3.3 billion,
         significant capital investment we continue to make in our wireless       $24 million, $1.7 billion, and $3.3 billion we paid for the acquisition of spectrum
                                                                                  licences in 2014, 2015, 2019, and 2021, respectively.
         and cable networks throughout Canada. Similar to tax systems           2 Taxes paid and other government payments is a non-GAAP financial measure. This is

         throughout the world, Canadian tax laws permit investments in            not a standardized financial measure under IFRS and might not be comparable to
         such productivity-enhancing assets to be deducted for tax                similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other
         purposes more quickly than they are depreciated for financial            Financial Measures” for more information about this measure.
         statement purposes.                                                    We also collected on behalf of the government $2,059 million in
                                                                                sales taxes on our products and services and $720 million in
         OTHER GOVERNMENT PAYMENTS                                              employee payroll taxes.
         In addition to paying income tax on the profits we earn, we
         contribute significantly to Canadians by paying taxes and fees to
         federal, provincial, and municipal governments, including:
         • various taxes on the salaries and wages we pay (payroll taxes) to
           approximately 22,000 employees;
         • property and business taxes;




62   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Risk Management
We strive to continually strengthen our risk management                    incident management and planning to maintain customer service,
capabilities to protect and enhance shareholder value. The                 operation of our network and businesses in the event of threats and
purpose of risk management is not to eliminate risk but to optimize        natural disasters. Such threats include cyberattacks or equipment
trade-offs between risk and return to maximize value to the                failures that could cause various degrees of network outages;
organization. As such, Rogers will knowingly take certain risks in         supply chain disruptions; natural disaster threats; epidemics;
order to generate earnings and encourage innovation that advance           pandemics; and political instability. Our ERM program also
us as a customer-centric market leader. To maintain our reputation         includes insurance coverage allowing us to transfer certain
and trust, we will always work to ensure the impacts (financial,           risks. Lastly, ERM works with Internal Audit to monitor the adequacy
operational, strategic, regulatory, privacy, and cybersecurity) of our     and effectiveness of controls to reduce risks to an acceptable level.
risk-taking activities are understood and are in line with our strategic
                                                                           Annually, ERM carries out a corporate risk assessment. The
objectives and company values.
                                                                           assessment includes reviewing risk and audit reports and industry
                                                                           benchmarks and, conducting an annual risk survey of all senior
RISK GOVERNANCE
                                                                           leaders. Based on the survey results, ERM, in consultation with
The Board has overall responsibility for risk governance and
                                                                           senior management, identifies the key risks to achieving our
oversees management in identifying the key risks we face in our
                                                                           corporate objectives. ERM reports the results of the annual
business and implementing appropriate risk assessment processes
                                                                           corporate risk assessment to the Executive Leadership Team, the
to manage these risks. It delegates certain risk oversight and
                                                                           Audit and Risk Committee, and the Board and provides quarterly
management duties to the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                           risk updates.
The Audit and Risk Committee discusses risk policies with
                                                                           ERM also facilitates management’s completion of the financial
management and the Board and assists the Board in overseeing
                                                                           statement fraud risk assessment which aims to ensure there is no
our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
                                                                           potential fraud or misstatement in our financial statements and
The Audit and Risk Committee also reviews:                                 disclosures and to assess whether controls are adequately
• the adequacy of the internal controls that have been adopted to          designed and operating effectively to mitigate financial statement
  safeguard assets from loss and unauthorized use, to prevent,             fraud risk.
  deter, and detect fraud, and to ensure the accuracy of the
                                                                           Internal Audit is the third line of defence. Internal Audit is an
  financial records;
                                                                           independent and objective assurance function that evaluates the
• the processes for identifying, assessing, and managing risks;
                                                                           design and operational effectiveness of internal controls and risk
• our exposure to major risks and trends and management’s
                                                                           management processes supporting the mitigation of risks that may
  implementation of risk policies and actions to monitor and
                                                                           affect the achievement of our objectives.
  control these exposures, including cybersecurity, privacy,
  technology, and environmental;                                           The Executive Leadership Team and the Audit and Risk Committee
• the implementation of new major systems and changes to                   are responsible for approving our enterprise risk policies. Our ERM
  existing major systems;                                                  methodology and policies rely on the expertise of our
• our business continuity and disaster recovery plans;                     management and employees to identify risks and opportunities
• any special audit steps adopted due to material weaknesses or            and implement risk mitigation strategies as required.
  significant deficiencies that may be identified; and
• other risk management matters from time to time as determined
  by the Audit and Risk Committee or directed by the Board.
                                                                           RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES AFFECTING OUR
                                                                           BUSINESS
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT                                                 This section describes the principal risks and uncertainties that
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program uses the “3 Lines             could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
of Defence” framework to identify, assess, manage, monitor, and            results. Any discussion about risks should be read in conjunction
communicate risks. Our business units and departments, led by the          with “About Forward-Looking Information”.
Executive Leadership Team, are the first line of defence and are
accountable for managing or accepting the risks. Together, they
                                                                           SHAW TRANSACTION
identify and assess key risks, define controls and action plans to
                                                                           The Shaw Transaction with Shaw, and the proposed Freedom
minimize these risks, and enhance our ability to meet our business
                                                                           Transaction, is subject to a number of risks, many of which are
objectives.
                                                                           outside the control of Rogers, Shaw, and Quebecor, as applicable.
ERM is the second line of defence. ERM helps management                    These are described below.
identify the key and emerging risks in meeting our corporate and
business unit objectives in line with our risk appetite. At the            Key Regulatory Approvals and other conditions
business unit and department level, ERM works with management              To complete the Shaw Transaction and the Freedom Transaction,
to provide governance and advice in managing the key risks and             each of Rogers and Shaw have made certain filings with, and either
associated controls to mitigate these risks. Business Continuity is a      have obtained or must obtain certain consents and approvals from,
function within ERM which also assists the business in mitigating          various governmental and regulatory authorities, including the
key risks. Specifically, the Business Continuity function oversees         Competition Bureau and ISED Canada. Rogers and Shaw have not




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   63
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         yet obtained the Key Regulatory Approvals, each of which is              preferred shares, the result of which could have a material adverse
         required to complete the Shaw Transaction. Specifically, the             effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and
         remaining approval relates to the transfer or deemed transfer of         our ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
         specific assets, including spectrum licences, from Freedom to
                                                                                  If the Shaw Transaction is not completed or is delayed, our share
         Quebecor, the approval for which could impose material
                                                                                  price and future business and financial results could be negatively
         conditions relating to the Shaw Transaction, the Freedom
                                                                                  affected. Any non-completion or delay of the Shaw Transaction
         Transaction, or any such transfer. If the Key Regulatory Approvals
                                                                                  may also negatively impact the relationships we have with our
         are not obtained, or any applicable law or order is in effect which
                                                                                  employees (including a potential lack of focus on our business),
         makes the consummation of the Shaw Transaction illegal, the Shaw
                                                                                  suppliers, vendors, distributors, retailers, dealers, or customers,
         Transaction will not be completed.
                                                                                  including that such groups could cease doing business with us or
         In addition, further delays in obtaining the Key Regulatory              curtail their activities with us.
         Approvals could result in the Shaw Transaction not being
         completed. In particular, if the Shaw Transaction is not completed       Potential credit rating consequences
         by March 31, 2023, either Rogers or Shaw may terminate the               In addition to the Shaw senior note financing issued in March 2022
         arrangement agreement, in which case the Shaw Transaction will           and assuming approximately $6 billion of existing Shaw debt, we
         not be completed. Rogers, Shaw, and the Shaw Family Living Trust         expect to issue up to an additional $6 billion in new debt to finance
         have extended the outside date for closing the Shaw Transaction to       the Shaw Transaction. As a result, we anticipate the combined
         March 31, 2023 (with the consent of Quebecor) in accordance with         company will have over $40 billion of consolidated debt upon
         the terms of the arrangement agreement.                                  closing. The increased level of debt could decrease our flexibility in
                                                                                  responding to changing business and economic conditions,
         Under certain circumstances, if the Key Regulatory Approvals are
                                                                                  increase our interest expense, and potentially make it more difficult
         not obtained, or any law or order relating to the Key Regulatory
                                                                                  to obtain additional financing or refinance existing financing. The
         Approvals or the Competition Act is in effect that would make the
                                                                                  increase in our debt service obligations could adversely affect our
         consummation of the Shaw Transaction illegal, and the failure to
                                                                                  results, financial condition, and our ability to fund growth prospects
         obtain the Key Regulatory Approvals is not caused by, and is not a
                                                                                  and could reduce our funds available for other business purposes.
         result of, the failure by Shaw to perform in all material respects any
         of its covenants or agreements under the arrangement agreement,          Additionally, as a result of the significant increase in outstanding
         we would be obligated to pay a $1.2 billion reverse termination fee      debt, there is a risk our credit ratings could be adversely affected,
         to Shaw (see “Termination of the arrangement agreement, costs,           including the potential for a downgrade below investment-grade.
         and termination fee” below). We would also be responsible to             A downgrade in our credit ratings could result in difficulty issuing
         reimburse Shaw for certain costs relating to the May 2021 exercise       debt in the future or higher borrowing costs and may otherwise
         of our right to require Shaw to redeem its issued and outstanding        affect our share price. If Shaw’s existing senior notes are subject to
         preferred shares.                                                        a downgrade below investment-grade constituting a “change of
                                                                                  control trigger event” (as defined in Shaw’s senior note indenture),
         The completion of the Shaw Transaction is subject to a number of
                                                                                  Shaw would be required to offer to purchase its senior notes at
         other conditions precedent, some of which are outside of the
                                                                                  101% of their principal amount plus accrued interest following
         control of Rogers and Shaw, including there not having occurred a
                                                                                  closing of the Shaw Transaction, potentially having an adverse
         Material Adverse Effect or Purchaser Material Adverse Effect (as
                                                                                  impact on the combined company’s financial condition.
         such terms are defined in the arrangement agreement) and the
         satisfaction of certain other customary closing conditions.
                                                                                  Expected synergies and integration
         There can be no certainty, nor can Rogers or Shaw provide any            Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Shaw Transaction
         assurance, that all conditions precedent to the Shaw Transaction         depends on our ability to consolidate and integrate Shaw’s
         will be satisfied or waived, nor can there be any certainty of the       businesses, operations, and workforce in a manner that facilitates
         timing of their satisfaction or waiver.                                  growth opportunities and achieves the projected cost savings and
                                                                                  revenue growth without adversely affecting the combined
         Termination of the arrangement agreement, costs, and termination         company’s current operations. Even if we successfully integrate
         fee                                                                      Shaw’s businesses, the anticipated benefits of the Shaw Transaction
         The arrangement agreement may be terminated by Rogers or                 may not be fully realized or they could take longer to realize than
         Shaw in certain circumstances, in which case the Shaw Transaction        expected.
         will not be completed. Accordingly, there is no certainty, nor can
                                                                                  In addition to the day-to-day operations of Rogers, management
         we provide any assurance, that the arrangement agreement will not
                                                                                  will need to focus on the Shaw Transaction and all related activities,
         be terminated by us or Shaw prior to completion of the Shaw
                                                                                  including integration. If completion of the Shaw Transaction is
         Transaction.
                                                                                  delayed, there could be adverse effects on our business, results of
         We must pay certain costs relating to the Shaw Transaction, such as      operations, or financial condition.
         legal, accounting, tax, and financing-related fees, even if the Shaw
         Transaction is not completed, which may be significant. In addition,     Shaw actions prior to closing
         if the Shaw Transaction is not completed for certain reasons, we         The arrangement agreement restricts Shaw from taking certain
         may be required to pay a reverse termination fee of $1.2 billion to      actions outside of the ordinary course of business while the Shaw
         Shaw and certain costs relating to the May 2021 exercise of our          Transaction is pending, including, among other things, certain
         right to require Shaw to redeem its issued and outstanding               acquisitions or dispositions of businesses and assets, entering into



64   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
or amending certain contracts, repurchasing or issuing securities,        evolutions in the wireline industry. While we work with industry




                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
making significant capital expenditures, and incurring                    standards bodies and our vendors to ensure timely delivery of new
indebtedness, in each case subject to certain exceptions. As a            technology, there are no assurances these technologies will be
result of these restrictions, Shaw may not have the flexibility to        available as and when required.
appropriately respond to certain events, which may result in us
                                                                          As new technologies become available, we expect a substantial
recognizing lower-than-expected synergies once the Shaw
                                                                          portion of our future revenue growth may come from new and
Transaction closes.
                                                                          advanced services, and companies such as Rogers will need to
                                                                          continue to invest significant capital resources to develop our
CYBERSECURITY                                                             networks and implement in an agile framework to meet customers
Our industry is vulnerable to cybersecurity risks that are growing in     and business timelines. It is possible, however, that there may not
both frequency and complexity. Rogers, along with our suppliers,          be sufficient consumer demand, or that we may not anticipate or
employs systems and network infrastructure that are subject to            satisfy demand for certain products and services or be able to offer
cyberattacks, which may include theft of assets, unauthorized             or market these new products and services successfully to
access to proprietary or sensitive information, destruction or            subscribers. If we do not attract subscribers to new products and
corruption of data, ransomware attacks, or operational disruption.        services profitably or keep pace with changing consumer
A significant cyberattack against our, or our suppliers’, critical        preferences, we could experience slower revenue growth and
network infrastructure and supporting information systems could           increased churn. This could have a material adverse effect on our
result in service disruptions, litigation, loss of customers, incurring   business, results of operations, and financial condition.
significant costs, and/or reputational damage.
                                                                          Several technologies have affected the way our services are
Management has committed to an information and cybersecurity              delivered, including:
program designed to reinforce the importance of remaining a               • broadband;
secure, vigilant, and resilient organization. Our ongoing success         • IP-based voice, data, and video delivery services;
depends on protecting our sensitive data, including personal              • increased use of optical fibre technologies to businesses and
information about our customers and employees. We rely on                   residences;
security awareness training, policies, procedures, and IT systems to      • broadband wireless access and wireless services using a radio
protect this information. Success also depends on Rogers                    frequency spectrum to which we may have limited or no access;
continuing to monitor these risks, leveraging external threat               and
intelligence, internal monitoring, reviewing best practices, and          • applications and services using cloud-based technology,
implementing controls as required to mitigate them. We have                 independent of carrier or physical connectivity.
insurance coverage against certain damages related to
cybersecurity breaches, intrusions, and attacks, amongst other            These technologies may also lead to significantly different cost
things.                                                                   structures for users and therefore affect the long-term viability of
                                                                          some of our current technologies. Some of these technologies
External threats to the network and our business generally are            have allowed competitors to enter our markets with similar
constantly changing and there is no assurance we will be able to          products or services at lower costs. These competitors may also be
protect the network from all future threats. The impact of such           larger and/or have greater access to financial resources. Additional
attacks may affect our customer service or our financial results.         competitors with advances in technology, such as high-speed
                                                                          Internet service from low Earth orbit satellite operators like Starlink,
PRIVACY                                                                   have entered the Canadian market and could potentially have a
In the evolving digital world, privacy and the ways in which              material adverse impact on our operations and results.
organizations handle personal information are becoming
increasing priorities for consumers. Ensuring appropriate                 The continued emergence and growth of subscriber-based satellite
governance over this data has become even more critical. As the           and digital radio products could affect AM and FM radio audience
move to digital transactions accelerated over the past several years,     listening habits and have a negative effect on the results of our
companies continued to gain greater amounts of data on                    radio stations. Certain audiences are also migrating away from
customers and employees. The nature of the products and services          traditional broadcast platforms to the Internet as more video and
we offer our customers means we are entrusted with a significant          audio content streaming becomes available.
amount of personal information. This means that ensuring there are
appropriate safeguards and privacy protections in place is a priority     Reliance on technology
for us. We are the stewards of this data and this responsibility is of    Our technologies, processes, and systems are operationally
the utmost importance to us. If a privacy breach were to occur and        complex and increasingly interconnected. Further, our businesses
personal information was made public, there could be a material           depend on IT systems for day-to-day operations and critical
adverse effect on our reputation and our business.                        elements of our network infrastructure and IT systems are
                                                                          concentrated in various physical facilities. If we are unable to
                                                                          operate our systems, make enhancements to accommodate
TECHNOLOGY
                                                                          customer growth and new products and services, or if our systems
New technologies                                                          experience disruptions or failures, it could have an adverse effect
Our network plans assume the availability of new technology for           on our ability to acquire new subscribers, service customers,
both wireless and wireline networks, including 5G technology in           manage subscriber churn, produce accurate and timely subscriber
the wireless industry and future DOCSIS enhancements and                  invoices, generate revenue growth, and manage operating
                                                                          expenses. This could have an adverse impact on our results and
                                                                          financial position.



                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   65
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Impact of failures on customer service                                    programming. Overall increased competition for content could
         Customers have high expectations of reliable and consistent               increase costs of programming rights. As broadcasters and
         performance of our networks. Failure to maintain high service levels      distributors sign longer-term agreements to secure programming
         and to effectively manage network traffic could have an impact on         rights, this could affect the availability of desirable programming
         the customer experience, potentially resulting in an increase in          rights and result in lower revenue due to a lack of access to these
         customer churn. Due to the increased demand and traffic on our            rights. Lower revenue in turn could adversely affect the operating
         networks, there could be capacity and congestion pressures. If our        results of our business if we are unable to recover programming
         networks or key network components fail, it could, in some                investments through advertising revenue and subscription fee
         circumstances, result in a loss of service for our customers for          increases that reflect the market.
         certain periods and have an adverse effect on our results and our
                                                                                   In addition, the CRTC Broadcasting Distribution Regulations do not
         financial position.
                                                                                   allow cable operators to obtain exclusive contracts in buildings
         We work to protect our networks and our service from the impact           where it is technically feasible to install two or more transmission
         of natural disasters and major weather events such as ice storms,         systems.
         wind storms, forest fires, flooding, earthquakes, or landslides where
                                                                                   Continued deployments of fibre networks by competitors may lead
         it is necessary and feasible to do so. There are no assurances that a
                                                                                   to an increase in the reach, speed, and stability of their wireline­
         future event will not cause service outages and that such outages
                                                                                   related services. This could result in an increase in churn pertaining
         would not affect our results. Service disruptions or outages could
                                                                                   to our wireline business segment services.
         also affect our operations if not quickly resolved, potentially causing
         a risk of billing delays or errors. If we fail to have appropriate        Improvements in the quality of streaming video over the Internet,
         response strategies and protocols in place to handle service              coupled with increasing availability of television shows and movies
         outages in the face of these types of events, they could have an          online through OTT content providers, has resulted in competition
         impact on our revenue and our customer experience. Recovering             for viewership and increased competition for Canadian cable
         from these disasters could require significant resources and              television service providers. As a result, we have noticed an increase
         remediation costs, which are difficult to estimate.                       in cord cutting and cord shaving as consumers continue to
                                                                                   withdraw from traditional cable services. If advances in technology
                                                                                   are made to any alternative Canadian multi-channel broadcasting
         COMPETITIVE INTENSITY
                                                                                   distribution system, our cable services may face increased
         Competitive behaviour and market dynamics are continuously
                                                                                   competition. In addition, as the technology for wireless Internet
         changing in our fast-paced industry. There is no assurance that our
                                                                                   continues to develop, it is, in some instances, replacing traditional
         current or future competitors will not provide services that are          wireline Internet.
         superior to ours or at lower prices, adapt more quickly to evolving
         industry trends or changing market requirements, enter markets in
                                                                                   REGULATORY RISKS
         which we operate, or introduce competing services. The federal
                                                                                   Changes in government regulations
         government also continues to promote competition and
                                                                                   Substantially all of our business activities are regulated by ISED
         affordability, and is committed to universal high-speed Internet for
                                                                                   Canada and/or the CRTC. Any regulatory changes or decisions
         every Canadian by 2030. Any of these factors could increase churn
                                                                                   could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. The
         or reduce our business market share or revenue.
                                                                                   most significant outstanding regulatory proceedings to our
         The strategic offering of unlimited wireless plans continues to offer     business are various appeals related to the wholesale Internet
         greater value to our customers and has helped us take a significant       costing and pricing regime (see “Regulation in our Industry” and
         step towards simplifying our products and services. However,              “Litigation Risks”).
         depending on economic conditions and the response from our
                                                                                   Regulatory changes or decisions made by these regulators could
         competitors and/or current and potential customers, we may need
                                                                                   adversely impact our results on a consolidated basis. This
         to extend lower wireless pricing offers to attract new customers and
                                                                                   regulation relates to, among other things, licensing and related
         retain existing subscribers. As wireless penetration of the
                                                                                   fees, competition, the cable television programming services we
         population deepens, new wireless customers may generate lower
                                                                                   must distribute, wireless and wireline interconnection agreements,
         average monthly revenue, which could slow revenue growth.
                                                                                   the rates we may charge to provide access to our networks by third
         Global technology giants continue to ramp up content spending             parties, the resale of our networks and roaming on our networks,
         into new markets such as sports media, resulting in increased             our operation and ownership of communications systems, and our
         competition for our Media and Cable segments. This may result in          ability to acquire an interest in other communications systems. In
         an increase in subscriber churn as customers now have additional          addition, the costs of providing services may be increased from
         choices of supplementary sources of media content.                        time to time as a result of compliance with industry or legislative
                                                                                   initiatives to address consumer protection concerns or such
         Competition is increasing for content programming rights from
                                                                                   Internet-related issues as copyright infringement, unsolicited
         both traditional linear television broadcasters and online
                                                                                   commercial e-mail, cybercrime, and lawful access.
         competitors. Online providers have moved towards self-made, self-
         hosted exclusive content, and are aggressively competing for rights       Generally, our licences are granted for a specified term and are
         such that traditional broadcasters may not gain access to desirable       subject to conditions on the maintenance of these licences. These
                                                                                   licensing conditions and related fees may be modified at any time
                                                                                   by the regulators. The regulators may decide not to renew a licence
                                                                                   when it expires, and any failure by us to comply with the conditions



66   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
on the maintenance of a licence could result in a revocation or       The Supreme Court of Canada ruled in 2003, however, that the
forfeiture of any of our licences or the imposition of fines. Our     CRTC does not have the jurisdiction to establish the terms and
cable, wireless, and broadcasting licences generally may not be       conditions of accessing the poles of provincial power utility
transferred without regulatory approval.                              companies. As a result, we normally obtain access under terms
                                                                      established by the provincial utility boards.
The licences include conditions requiring us to comply with
Canadian ownership restrictions of the applicable legislation. We     On October 30, 2020, the CRTC launched Telecom Notice of
are currently in compliance with all of these Canadian ownership      Consultation 2020-366 regarding potential regulatory measures to
and control requirements. If these requirements were violated, we     make access to poles owned by Canadian carriers more efficient.
would be subject to various penalties, possibly including, in the     The CRTC expressed concerns that untimely and costly access to
extreme case, the loss of a licence.                                  poles owned by Canadian carriers has negative impacts on the
                                                                      deployment of efficient broadband-capable networks, particularly
Spectrum                                                              in areas of Canada with limited or no access to such networks.
Radio spectrum is one of the fundamental assets required to carry     Therefore, the CRTC initiated a proceeding to identify and
on our Wireless business. Our ability to continue to offer and        implement regulatory measures that will make access to such poles
improve current services and to offer new services depends on,        more efficient. We actively participated in the process and are
among other factors, continued access to, and deployment of,          awaiting a decision from the CRTC.
adequate spectrum, including the ability to both renew current
                                                                      On December 10, 2021, a regulation was filed under Part VI.1 of
spectrum licences and acquire new spectrum licences.
                                                                      the Ontario Energy Board Act, O. Reg. 842/21 requiring the
If we cannot acquire and retain needed spectrum, whether due to       Ontario Energy Board (OEB) to establish a generic, province-wide
the government providing favourable spectrum auctions for             pole attachment charge for 2022. The Regulation further requires
regional carriers through set asides and lower rates, through         the OEB to set the charge for 2023 and subsequent years by
increased costs for us to purchase spectrum licences at auction, or   adjusting the prior year’s charge for inflation, resulting in the
otherwise, we may not be able to continue to offer and improve        calculation of the charge becoming a mechanistic exercise. On
our current services and deploy new services on a timely basis,       December 16, 2021, the OEB published Decision and Order
including providing competitive data speeds our customers want.       EB-2021-0302, Wireline Pole Attachment Charge. The OEB
As a result, our ability to attract and retain customers could be     calculated the charge for 2022 at $34.76 per attacher per year per
adversely affected. In addition, an inability to acquire and retain   pole, in accordance with the directions set out in O. Reg. 842/21.
needed spectrum could affect network quality and result in higher     The 2021 charge was $44.50. This charge applies to every
capital expenditures.                                                 distributor that is required as a condition of licence to provide
                                                                      access to telecom attachments and to charge the amount
Changes to government spectrum fees could significantly increase      approved by the OEB.
our payments and therefore materially reduce our net income.

                                                                      CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Radio frequency emissions
                                                                      Our customers’ loyalty and their likelihood to recommend Rogers
From time to time, media and other reports have highlighted
                                                                      are both dependent upon our ability to provide a service
alleged links between radio frequency emissions from wireless
                                                                      experience that meets or exceeds their expectations. We handle
devices (including new 5G technology) and various health
                                                                      many customer interactions annually, ranging from potential new
concerns, including cancer, and interference with various medical
                                                                      customers making in-store and online purchases to existing
devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. This may
                                                                      customers calling for technical support and everything in between.
discourage the use of wireless devices or expose us to potential
                                                                      We understand that every time a customer uses one of our services,
litigation even though there are no definitive reports or studies
                                                                      such as making a call or browsing the Internet on their wireless
stating that these health issues are directly attributable to radio
                                                                      device, watching their favourite show using their Internet or
frequency emissions. Future regulatory actions may result in more
                                                                      television services, or listening to one of our radio stations, their
restrictive standards on radio frequency emissions from
                                                                      experience affects all future interactions with any Rogers brand. If
low-powered devices like wireless devices. We cannot predict the
                                                                      our products do not deliver the usage experience our customers
nature or extent of any restrictions.
                                                                      expect from us, and if we do not have clear, simple, and fair
                                                                      interactions with our customers, it could cause confusion and
Obtaining access to support structures and municipal rights of        frustrate our customers. This could result in lost sales opportunities
way                                                                   and increased churn, both of which could have negative effects on
To build and support the rollout of 5G, and to continue upgrading     our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition.
our cable network, we must continue to have access to support
structures and municipal rights of way to install equipment on
                                                                      RESULTS PERFORMANCE
municipal poles and buildings, and on First Nations land. We can
                                                                      We strive to drive profitable growth in all markets we serve. This
apply to the CRTC to obtain a right of access under the
                                                                      means we will focus on core growth drivers in each of our
Telecommunications Act in areas where we cannot secure access
                                                                      businesses, including increasing subscribers and reducing churn,
to municipal rights of way. Failure to obtain access could increase
                                                                      expanding products in our enterprise business, and returning
our costs and adversely affect our business.
                                                                      Media to growth. At the same time, our goal is to continue to
                                                                      develop strong capabilities in cost management to support
                                                                      investments that will fuel our future. If we are not successful in



                                                                                             2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   67
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         achieving these goals, as a result of economic conditions or the          and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our
         competitive landscape, this could negatively impact confidence            business may not generate sufficient cash flow in the future and
         with investors and external stakeholders, and ultimately our stock        financings may not be available to provide sufficient net proceeds
         price.                                                                    to meet our obligations or to successfully execute our business
                                                                                   strategy.
         TALENT ACQUISITION AND RETENTION
                                                                                   Credit ratings
         A significant transformation is underway in our industry, and as
                                                                                   Credit ratings provide an independent measure of credit quality of
         competition for talent increases, our success is highly dependent
                                                                                   a securities issuer and can affect our ability to obtain short- and
         on our ability to attract and retain a high-performing, diverse, and
                                                                                   long-term financing and the terms of the financing. If rating
         engaged workforce, including in key growth areas, such as the
                                                                                   agencies lower the credit ratings on our debt, particularly a
         network, IT, and digital fields. Our focus must be on providing
                                                                                   downgrade below investment-grade, it could adversely affect our
         career and development opportunities, competitive compensation
                                                                                   cost of financing and access to liquidity and capital.
         and benefits, fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace, and a
         great employee experience. Failure to maintain and achieve this           Capital markets
         focus, and changes to our workforce as a result of factors such as        External capital market conditions could affect our ability to make
         turnover and restructuring, failing to develop internal succession,       strategic investments and meet ongoing capital funding
         cost reduction initiatives, ongoing union negotiations, or other          requirements. Risk factors include a reduction in lending activity,
         events, could have an adverse effect on the customer experience,          disruptions in capital markets, and regulatory requirements for an
         and as a result our revenue and profitability.                            increase in bank capitalization, which could either reduce the
                                                                                   availability, or increase the cost of capital.
         RELIANCE ON SUPPLY CHAIN AND THIRD PARTIES
         We have outsourcing, managed service, and supplier                        Income taxes and other taxes
         arrangements with third parties to provide certain essential              We collect, pay, and accrue significant amounts of income and
         components of our business operations to our employees and                other taxes, such as federal and provincial sales, employment, and
         customers. These include, but are not limited to, certain critical        property taxes.
         infrastructure components and devices; facilities or property             We have recorded significant amounts of deferred and current
         management functions; contact centre support; installation and            income tax liabilities and expense, and calculated these amounts
         service technicians; network sharing arrangements; network and IT         based on substantively enacted income tax rates in effect at the
         functions; and invoice printing. Some of these essential suppliers        relevant time. A legislative change in these rates could have a
         are relatively small in number and we have limited operational or         material effect on the amounts recorded and payable in the future.
         financial control over them. If interruptions in these services or at
         these suppliers occur, including due to the ongoing global supply         We provide for income and other taxes based on all currently
         chain issues, it could adversely affect our ability to service our        available information and believe that we have adequately
         customers. Additionally, in the course of fulfilling service              provided for these items. The calculation of applicable taxes in
         arrangements, third-party service providers must ensure our               many cases, however, requires significant judgment in interpreting
         information is appropriately protected and safeguarded. Failure to        tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to audits, which
         do so may affect Rogers through increased regulatory risk,                could materially change the amount of current and deferred
         reputational damage, and damage to the customer experience.               income tax assets, liabilities, and expense, and could, in certain
                                                                                   circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and penalties.

         FINANCIAL RISKS                                                           While we believe we have paid and provided for adequate
         Capital commitments, liquidity, debt, and interest payments               amounts of tax, our business is complex and significant judgment is
         Our capital commitments and financing obligations could have              required in interpreting how tax legislation and regulations apply to
         important consequences, including:                                        us.
         • requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash provided
           by operating activities to pay interest, principal amounts, and         OTHER RISKS
           dividends, which reduces funds available for other business             Economic conditions
           purposes, including other financial operations;                         Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions and
         • making us more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry              consumer confidence and spending. Recessions, declines in
           conditions;                                                             economic activity, and economic uncertainty can erode consumer
         • limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in   and business confidence and reduce discretionary spending. Any
           our business and industry;                                              of these factors can negatively affect us through reduced
         • putting us at a competitive disadvantage compared to                    advertising, lower demand for our products and services,
           competitors who may have more financial resources and/or less           decreased revenue and profitability, and higher churn and bad
           financial leverage; or                                                  debt expense. A significant portion of our broadcasting and digital
         • restricting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund          revenue comes from the sale of advertising and is affected by the
           working capital and capital expenditures and for other general          strength of the economy.
           corporate purposes.
                                                                                   Strategy and business plans
         Our ability to satisfy our financial obligations depends on our future    Our strategy is vital to our long-term success. Changing strategic
         operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive,            priorities or adding new strategic priorities could compromise



68   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
existing initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on our     Acquisitions, divestitures, or investments
business, results of operations, and financial condition.                Acquiring complementary businesses and technologies,
                                                                         developing strategic alliances, and divesting portions of our
We develop business plans, execute projects, and launch new
                                                                         business are often required to optimally execute our business
ventures to grow our business. If the expected benefits from these
                                                                         strategy. Some areas of our operations (and adjacent businesses)
do not materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on our
                                                                         are subject to rapidly evolving technologies and consumer usage
business, results of operations, and financial condition.
                                                                         and demand trends. It is possible that we may not effectively
Our products, services, and networks rely, in part, on certain           forecast the value of consumer demand or risk of competing
vendors. Should our vendors not deliver solutions that operate as        technologies resulting in higher valuations for acquisitions or
intended, our business and financial results could be adversely          missed opportunities.
affected. This may result in subscriber losses, lower revenue, and
                                                                         Services, technologies, key personnel, or businesses of companies
unfavourable customer satisfaction.
                                                                         we acquire may not be effectively integrated into our business or
                                                                         service offerings, or our alliances may not be successful. We also
Monitoring and controlling fraudulent activities                         may not be able to successfully complete certain divestitures on
As a large company with tens of thousands of employees and a             satisfactory terms, if at all.
range of desirable and valuable products and services, fraud
prevention requires a disciplined program covering governance,
                                                                         Decline of television subscribers in Canada (cord-cutting and
exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection, and
                                                                         cord-shaving)
reporting. This program must consider corruption and
                                                                         The number of households that subscribe to television service in
misappropriation of assets by employees and/or external parties.
                                                                         Canada continues to decline. Other video offerings available to
Fraud events can result in financial loss and brand degradation. In
                                                                         consumers (for example, direct-to-consumer subscription and free
addition to unauthorized access to digital boxes and Internet
                                                                         services), as well as piracy, have contributed to this trend. If this
modems, a sample of potential examples of fraud relevant to us
                                                                         decline continues, it could have a material adverse effect on our
include (i) inappropriate use of our cable or wireless networks,
                                                                         results of operations.
(ii) subscription fraud and fraudulent account takeovers for purpose
of hardware theft or SIM swapping, (iii) intentional manipulation of
                                                                         Migrating from conventional to digital media
financial statements by employees and/or external parties, and
                                                                         Our Media business operates in many industries that can be
(iv) copyright theft and other forms of unauthorized use that
                                                                         affected by customers migrating from conventional to digital
undermine the exclusivity of our content offerings.
                                                                         media, which is driving shifts in the quality and accessibility of data
                                                                         and mobile alternatives to conventional media. We have been
Unauthorized access to digital boxes or Internet modems
                                                                         shifting our focus towards the digital market. Increasing
With a significant number of Canadians purchasing illegal
                                                                         competition for advertising revenue from digital platforms, such as
pre-loaded set-top boxes and illegally streaming our television
                                                                         search engines, social networks, and digital content alternatives,
products, cord-shaving, cord-cutting and customer churn rates
                                                                         has resulted in advertising dollars migrating from conventional
could increase. To address this, we use encryption technology
                                                                         television broadcasters to digital platforms. The impact is greater
developed and supported by our vendors to protect our cable
                                                                         on conventional over-the-air broadcast networks, such as Citytv and
signals from unauthorized access and to control access to
                                                                         OMNI, which do not have a second revenue stream from
programming based on subscription packages. We also use
                                                                         subscription revenue. Our Media results could be adversely
encryption and security technologies to prevent unauthorized
                                                                         affected if we are unsuccessful in shifting advertising dollars from
access to our Internet service.
                                                                         conventional to digital platforms.
There is no assurance that we will be able to effectively prevent
unauthorized decoding of television signals or Internet access in        Our market position in radio and television
the future. If we are unable to control cable access with our            Advertising dollars typically migrate to media properties that are
encryption technology, and subscriptions to digital programming,         leaders in their respective markets and categories, particularly when
including    premium    video-on-demand       and     subscription       advertising budgets are tight. Our radio and television properties
video-on-demand, this could result in a decline in our Cable             may not continue performing how they currently perform.
revenue.                                                                 Advertisers base a substantial part of their purchasing decisions on
                                                                         ratings data generated by industry associations and agencies. If our
Legal and ethical compliance                                             radio and television ratings decrease substantially, our advertising
We rely on our employees, officers, Board, suppliers, and other          sales volumes and the rates that we charge advertisers could be
business partners to behave consistently with applicable legal and       adversely affected.
ethical standards in all jurisdictions in which we operate, including,
but not limited to, anti-bribery laws and regulations. Situations        Climate change
where individuals or others, whether inadvertently or intentionally,     Climate change is an increasingly important consideration in all
do not adhere to our policies, applicable laws and regulations, or       businesses, including the telecommunications business. Failure of
contractual obligations may expose us to litigation and the              climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts could affect our
possibility of damages, sanctions, and fines, or of being disqualified   business through potential disruption of our operations or supply
from bidding on contracts. This may have an adverse effect on our        chains, damage to our infrastructure, and the effects on the
results, financial position, reputation, and brand.                      communities we serve. The physical risk to our infrastructure caused




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   69
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         by extreme weather disturbances related to climate change can              condition. It is also possible that similar or corresponding claims
         significantly affect our ability to maintain secure communication          could be filed in other jurisdictions.
         services to all our customers, including governments and health
         and emergency services.                                                    Wholesale Internet costing and pricing
                                                                                    On August 15, 2019, in Telecom Order CRTC 2019-288, Follow-up
         Climate change and the environment are drawing more attention
                                                                                    to Telecom Orders 2016-396 and 2016-448 – Final rates for
         through evolving stakeholder interest and management
                                                                                    aggregated wholesale high-speed access services (Order), the
         expectations. Many aspects of our operations are subject to
                                                                                    CRTC set final rates for facilities-based carriers’ wholesale high-
         evolving and increasingly stringent federal, provincial, and local
                                                                                    speed access services, including Rogers’ TPIA service. The Order
         environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. Such laws
                                                                                    set final rates for Rogers that are significantly lower than the interim
         and regulations impose requirements with respect to matters such
                                                                                    rates that were previously billed and it further determined that
         as the release of substances into the environment, corrective and
                                                                                    these final rates will apply retroactively to March 31, 2016.
         remedial action concerning such releases, and the proper handling
         and management of substances. These evolving considerations                We did not believe the final rates set by the CRTC were just and
         and more stringent laws and regulations could lead to increased            reasonable as required by the Telecommunications Act as we
         costs for compliance and rising costs of utilities. Failure to             believed they were below cost. On May 27, 2021, the CRTC
         recognize and adequately respond could result in fines, regulatory         released Telecom Decision CRTC 2021-181 Requests to review and
         scrutiny, loss of stakeholder confidence, or damage to our                 vary Telecom Order 2019-288 regarding final rates for aggregated
         reputation or brand.                                                       wholesale high-speed access services. The CRTC decided to adopt
                                                                                    the interim rates in effect prior to the Order as the final rates, with
         Controlling shareholder ownership risk                                     certain modifications, including the removal of the supplementary
         Rogers is a family-founded, family-controlled company. Voting              markup of 10% for incumbent local exchange carriers.
         control of Rogers Communications Inc. is held by the Trust for the
                                                                                    The final rates are lower than the rates we previously billed to the
         benefit of successive generations of the Rogers family and, as a
                                                                                    resellers for the period of March 31, 2016 to October 6, 2016. We
         result, the Trust is able to elect all members of the Board and to
                                                                                    recognized a refund in 2021 of amounts previously billed to the
         control the vote on most matters submitted to shareholders,
                                                                                    resellers of approximately $25 million, representing the impact on
         whether through a shareholder meeting or a written consent
                                                                                    a retroactive basis for that period.
         resolution. The beneficiaries of the Trust are a small group of
         individuals who are members of the Rogers family, several of whom          On May 28, 2021 a wholesale ISP petitioned the Governor in
         are also directors of the Board. The trustee is the trust company          Council to, among other things, restore the 2019 Order and make
         subsidiary of a Canadian chartered bank.                                   the rates established in that order final. In addition, on June 28,
                                                                                    2021, the same wholesale ISP filed a motion seeking leave to
         As at December 31, 2022, private Rogers family holding
                                                                                    appeal the 2021 Decision to the Federal Court of Appeal, which
         companies controlled by the Trust owned approximately 98% of
                                                                                    was granted on September 15, 2021. We, along with several other
         our outstanding Class A Shares (2021 – 98%) and approximately
                                                                                    cable companies, have intervened in these matters.
         10% of our Class B Non-Voting Shares (2021 – 10%), or in total
         approximately 29% of the total shares outstanding (2021 – 29%).
         Only Class A Shares carry the right to vote in most circumstances.         System access fee – Saskatchewan
                                                                                    In 2004, a class action was commenced against providers of
                                                                                    wireless communications in Canada under the Class Actions Act
         LITIGATION RISKS
                                                                                    (Saskatchewan). The class action relates to the system access fee
         July 2022 network outage
                                                                                    wireless carriers charge to some of their customers. The plaintiffs
         As a result of the network outage that occurred on July 8, 2022, a
                                                                                    are seeking unspecified damages and punitive damages, which
         total of four applications were filed in the Quebec Superior Court
                                                                                    would effectively be a reimbursement of all system access fees
         seeking authorization to commence a class action against Rogers in
                                                                                    collected.
         relation to this network outage. One of the applications was
         subsequently withdrawn. A second application has since been                In 2007, the Saskatchewan Court granted the plaintiffs’ application
         suspended. Each of the remaining two applications seeks to                 to have the proceeding certified as a national, “opt-in” class action
         institute a class action on behalf of all persons in Quebec who,           where affected customers outside Saskatchewan must take specific
         among other things, experienced a wireless or wireline service             steps to participate in the proceeding. In 2008, our motion to stay
         interruption as a result of, or were otherwise impacted by, the            the proceeding based on the arbitration clause in our wireless
         outage. Each remaining application also claims various damages,            service agreements was granted. The Saskatchewan Court directed
         including, among others, contractual damages, damages for lost             that its order, in respect of the certification of the action, would
         profits, and punitive damages.                                             exclude customers who are bound by an arbitration clause from
                                                                                    the class of plaintiffs.
         At this time, we are unable to assess the likelihood of success of
         these applications, or predict the magnitude of any liability we           In 2009, counsel for the plaintiffs began a second proceeding
         might incur by virtue of the claims underlying those applications or       under the Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) asserting the same
         any corresponding or similar claims that may be brought against us         claims as the original proceeding. If successful, this second class
         in the future. As such, we have not recognized a liability for this        action would be an “opt-out” class proceeding. This second
         contingency. If successful, one of those claims could have a               proceeding was ordered conditionally stayed on the basis that it
         material adverse effect on our business, financial results, or financial   was an abuse of process.




70   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
At the time the Saskatchewan class action was commenced,
                                                                         CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
corresponding claims were filed in multiple jurisdictions across
Canada. The claims in all provinces other than Saskatchewan have         DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
now been dismissed or discontinued. We have not recognized a             We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
liability for this contingency.                                          operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as at
                                                                         December 31, 2022, under the supervision and with the
911 fee                                                                  participation of our management, including the Chief Executive
In June 2008, a class action was launched in Saskatchewan against        Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15
providers of wireless communications services in Canada. It involves     promulgated under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
allegations of breach of contract, misrepresentation, and false          amended. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
advertising, among other things, in relation to the 911 fee that had     Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
been charged by us and the other wireless telecommunication              procedures were effective at that date.
providers in Canada. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified
damages and restitution. The plaintiffs intend to seek an order          MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
certifying the proceeding as a national class action in                  FINANCIAL REPORTING
Saskatchewan. We have not recognized a liability for this                Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
contingency.                                                             adequate internal control over financial reporting.

Videotron Ltd.                                                           Our internal control system is designed to give management and
On October 29, 2021, Videotron Ltd. launched a lawsuit against           the Board reasonable assurance that our financial statements are
Rogers in the Quebec Superior Court, in connection with the              prepared and fairly presented in accordance with IFRS as issued by
agreement entered into by the parties in 2013 for the development        the IASB. The system is intended to provide reasonable assurance
and operation of a joint LTE network in the province of Quebec.          that transactions are authorized, assets are safeguarded, and
The lawsuit involves allegations by Videotron Ltd. that Rogers has       financial records are reliable. Management also takes steps to
breached its contractual obligations by developing its own network       assure the flow of information and communication is effective, and
in the territory. Videotron is seeking compensatory damages in the       monitors performance and our internal control procedures.
amount of $850 million. We intend to vigorously defend this              Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
lawsuit. We have not recognized a liability for this contingency.        financial reporting as at December 31, 2022, based on the criteria
                                                                         set out in the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
Other claims                                                             by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
There are certain other claims and potential claims against us. We       Commission (COSO), and concluded that it was effective at that
do not expect any of these, individually or in the aggregate, to have    date. Our independent auditors, KPMG LLP, have issued an
a material adverse effect on our financial results.                      unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
                                                                         control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This
Outcome of proceedings                                                   report is included in our 2022 Audited Consolidated Financial
The outcome of all the proceedings and claims against us,                Statements filed on SEDAR (sedar.com).
including the matters described above, is subject to future
resolution that includes the uncertainties of litigation. It is not      All internal control systems, however, no matter how well designed,
possible for us to predict the result or magnitude of the claims due     have inherent limitations, and even systems that have been
to the various factors and uncertainties involved in the legal           determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance
process. Based on information currently known to us, we believe it       about the preparation and presentation of financial statements.
is not probable that the ultimate resolution of any of these
proceedings and claims, individually or in total, will have a material   CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
adverse effect on our business, financial results, or financial          REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
condition. If circumstances change and it becomes probable that          PROCEDURES
we will be held liable for claims against us and such claim is           There have been no changes in 2022 that materially affected, or are
estimable, we will recognize a provision during the period in which      reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
the change in probability occurs, which could be material to our         financial reporting.
Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements
of Financial Position.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   71
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Regulation in our Industry
         Our business, except for the non-broadcasting operations of             level basic cable television service ordered by the CRTC and
         Media, is regulated by two groups:                                      introduced in 2016, as the CRTC believes there is enough
         • ISED Canada on behalf of the Minister of Innovation, Science          competition for these services provided by other carriers to protect
           and Industry; and                                                     the interests of users and has forborne from regulating them.
         • the CRTC, under the Telecommunications Act and the                    Regulations can and do, however, affect the terms and conditions
           Broadcasting Act.                                                     under which we offer these services.

         Regulation relates to the following, among other things:
         • wireless spectrum and broadcasting licensing;                         SPECTRUM LICENCES
         • competition;                                                          ISED Canada sets technical standards for telecommunications under
         • the cable television programming services we must, and can,           the Radiocommunication Act (Canada) (Radiocommunication Act)
           distribute;                                                           and the Telecommunications Act. It licences and oversees:
         • wireless and wireline interconnection agreements;                     • the technical aspects of the operation of radio and television
         • rates we can charge third parties for access to our network;             stations;
         • the resale of services on our networks;                               • the frequency-related operations of cable television networks;
         • roaming on our networks and the networks of others;                      and
         • ownership and operation of our communications systems; and            • spectrum for wireless communications systems in Canada.
         • our ability to acquire an interest in other communications            On June 30, 2022, ISED Canada released its Policy and Licensing
           systems.                                                              Framework for Spectrum in the 3800 MHz Band, laying out the
         Regulatory changes or decisions can adversely affect our results of     rules for the upcoming auction. The 3800 MHz band, along with
         operations.                                                             the 3500 MHz band that was auctioned in 2021, is key to
                                                                                 supporting strong 5G networks. The auction is expected to begin
         Our costs of providing services may increase from time to time as       in October 2023. The rules include measures such as (i) imposing a
         we comply with industry or legislative initiatives to address           100 MHz cap on large national providers (i.e. RCCI, Bell Mobility
         consumer protection concerns or Internet-related issues like            Inc., and Telus Communications Inc.) as to how much combined
         copyright infringement, unsolicited commercial e-mail, cybercrime,      3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum they can acquire; (ii) reserving
         and lawful access.                                                      a total of 150 MHz across the 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum
                                                                                 bands for smaller competitors; and (iii) implementing strong
         Generally, our spectrum and broadcast licences are granted for a
                                                                                 deployment requirements requiring spectrum won at auction to be
         specified term and are subject to conditions for maintaining these
                                                                                 deployed within a certain timeframe or risk losing the licences.
         licences. Regulators can modify these licensing conditions at any
         time, and they can decide not to renew a licence when it expires. If
         we do not comply with the conditions, a licence may be forfeited or     ROYALTIES
         revoked, or we may be fined.                                            The Copyright Board of Canada (Copyright Board) oversees the
                                                                                 administration of copyright royalties in Canada and establishes the
         The licences have conditions that require us, amongst other things,     royalties to be paid for the use of certain copyrighted works. It sets
         to comply with Canadian ownership restrictions of the applicable        the copyright tariff royalties that Canadian broadcasting
         legislation. We are currently in compliance with these conditions. If   undertakings, including cable, radio, television, and specialty
         we violate the requirements, we would be subject to various             services, pay to copyright collectives.
         penalties, including the loss of a licence in extreme cases.

         Cable, wireless, and broadcasting licences generally cannot be          BILLING AND CONTRACTS
         transferred without regulatory approval.                                Manitoba, Newfoundland and Labrador, Ontario, and Quebec
                                                                                 have enacted consumer protection legislation for wireless, wireline,
         CANADIAN BROADCASTING AND                                               and Internet service contracts. This legislation addresses the
                                                                                 content of such contracts, the determination of the early
         TELECOMMUNICATIONS OPERATIONS
                                                                                 cancellation fees that can be charged to customers, the use of
         The CRTC is responsible for regulating and supervising all aspects
                                                                                 security deposits, the cancellation and renewal rights of customers,
         of the Canadian broadcasting and telecommunications system.
                                                                                 the sale of prepaid cards, and the disclosure of related costs.
         Our Canadian broadcasting operations – including our cable
                                                                                 Rogers is also currently subject to the CRTC Wireless Code, the
         television systems, radio and television stations, and specialty
                                                                                 CRTC Television Service Provider Code of Conduct that became
         services – are licensed (or operated under an exemption order) and
                                                                                 effective on September 1, 2017, and the CRTC Internet Code that
         regulated by the CRTC under the Broadcasting Act.
                                                                                 became effective on January 31, 2020. See “CRTC Wireless Code
         The CRTC is also responsible under the Telecommunications Act           of Conduct” and “CRTC Internet Code” for more information.
         for the regulation of telecommunications carriers, including:
         • Wireless’ mobile voice and data operations; and                       FOREIGN OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL
         • Cable’s Internet and telephone services.                              Non-Canadians can own and control, directly or indirectly:
         Our cable and telecommunications retail services are not currently      • up to 33.3% of the voting shares and the related votes of a
         subject to retail price regulation, other than our affordable entry-      holding company that has a subsidiary operating company
                                                                                   licenced under the Broadcasting Act, and



72   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
• up to 20% of the voting shares and the related votes of the            are considered basic telecommunications services within the
  operating licensee company may be owned and controlled                 meaning of subsection 46.5(1) of the Telecommunications Act:
  directly or indirectly by non-Canadians.                               • fixed and mobile wireless broadband Internet access services;
                                                                           and
Combined, these limits can enable effective foreign control of up
                                                                         • fixed and mobile wireless voice services.
to 46.7%.
                                                                         To assist in extending broadband into under-served rural and
The chief executive officer and 80% of the members of the board
                                                                         remote locations, the CRTC stated that it would establish a new
of directors of the operating licensee must be resident Canadians.
                                                                         broadband fund to which all entities providing Internet services in
There are no restrictions on the number of non-voting shares that
                                                                         Canada must contribute. The specifics of the fund, including
may be held by non-Canadians at either the holding company or
                                                                         guiding principles, fund design, and assessment criteria, were
the licensee company level. Neither the Canadian carrier nor its
                                                                         established in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2018-377,
parent may be otherwise controlled in fact by non-Canadians.
                                                                         Development of the CRTC’s Broadband Fund, released on
Subject to appeal to the federal Cabinet, the CRTC has the
                                                                         September 27, 2018. Two calls for applications occurred in 2019.
jurisdiction to determine as a question of fact whether a given
                                                                         2020 marks the first year of payments into the fund, with a
licensee is controlled by non-Canadians.
                                                                         maximum funding level of $100 million in the first year of
Pursuant to the Telecommunications Act and associated                    implementation. This level will increase by $25 million annually over
regulations, the same rules also apply to Canadian                       the following four years to reach an annual cap of $200 million, with
telecommunications carriers such as Wireless, except that there is       the incremental increases in years four and five contingent on a
no requirement that the chief executive officer be a resident            review of the fund in the third year to ensure it is being managed
Canadian. We believe we are in compliance with the foregoing             efficiently and is achieving its intended purpose.
foreign ownership and control requirements.
                                                                         A percent of revenue levy has been applied on wireline and
On June 29, 2012, Bill C-38 amending the Telecommunications Act          wireless voice revenues since 2000 to support providing voice
passed into law. The amendments exempt telecommunications                service to designated high-cost local voice serving area and to
companies with less than 10% of total Canadian                           provide a national video relay service (VRS). In 2019, a 0.52% levy
telecommunications market measured by revenue from foreign               on wireline and wireless voice revenues generated $94.2 million in
investment restrictions. Companies that are successful in growing        subsidies. The voice service subsidy component is declining year-
their market shares in excess of 10% of total Canadian                   over-year because in Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC 2018-213,
telecommunications market revenue other than by way of merger            Phase-out of the local voice service subsidy regime, the CRTC
or acquisitions will continue to be exempt from the restrictions.        determined that the current $115 million local service subsidy for
                                                                         incumbent local telephone company high-cost serving areas would
CRTC REVIEW OF BASIC TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES                         be phased out in six equal increments between 2019 and 2021
After     an     extensive    proceeding      examining    which         such that the voice subsidy will be eliminated by the end of 2021.
telecommunications services Canadians require to participate             For 2020, the $100 million funding requirements of the Broadband
meaningfully in the digital economy and the CRTC’s role in               Fund was added to the voice and VRS requirements, resulting in an
ensuring the availability of affordable basic telecommunications         increased projected subsidy requirement of $170.7 million per
services to all Canadians, the CRTC released Telecom Regulatory          Telecom Decision CRTC 2019-395, Final 2019 revenue-percent
Policy CRTC 2016-496, Modern telecommunications services – The           charge and related matters, released on December 4, 2019. The
path forward for Canada’s digital economy, on December 21, 2016.         percent of revenue levy currently applied to wireline and wireless
The CRTC set as its universal service objective that Canadians, in       voice revenues will be extended to also apply to Internet and
urban areas as well as in rural and remote areas, have access to         texting revenue and is set for 2020 on an interim basis at 0.45% on
voice services and broadband Internet access services, on both           this expanded revenue base, subject to finalization based on actual
fixed and mobile wireless networks. To measure the successful            revenues in late 2020.
achievement of this objective, the CRTC has established several
criteria, including:                                                     CANADA’S ANTI-SPAM LEGISLATION
• 90% of Canadian residential and business fixed broadband               Canada’s anti-spam legislation was passed into law on
   Internet access service subscribers should be able to access          December 15, 2010 and came into force on July 1, 2014. Sections
   speeds of at least 50 Mbps download and 10 Mbps upload, and           of such legislation related to the unsolicited installation of
   to subscribe to a service offering with an unlimited data             computer programs or software came into force on January 15,
   allowance by 2021, with the remaining 10% of the population           2015. We are in compliance with this legislation.
   receiving such service by 2031; and
• the latest generally deployed mobile wireless technology should        MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF PRIVACY BREACHES
   be available not only in Canadian homes and businesses, but on        Since 2018, organizations that are regulated by the Personal
   as many major transportation roads as possible in Canada.             Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA),
                                                                         have had an obligation to notify impacted individuals and the
To help attain the universal service objective, the CRTC will begin to
                                                                         federal Privacy Commissioner of a privacy breach where it is
shift the focus of its regulatory frameworks from wireline voice
                                                                         reasonable to believe the breach of security safeguard creates a
services to broadband Internet access services. As such, the
                                                                         real risk of significant harm to the individual. Notification must be
following services that form part of the universal service objective
                                                                         completed as soon as feasible after it is determined a breach




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   73
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         occurred. Businesses must also keep records of breaches and                On July 12, 2022, the CRTC issued a request for information asking
         provide these records to the Privacy Commissioner upon request.            us to respond to detailed questions and provide a comprehensive
         Failure to provide notification or maintain records could result in        explanation regarding the network outage. The CRTC has
         fines up to $100,000 per violation. We fully comply with these             requested a detailed account as to why and how this network
         obligations under PIPEDA.                                                  outage happened, as well as what measures we will put in place to
                                                                                    prevent future outages. On July 22, 2022, we provided responses
         REVIEW OF PIPEDA                                                           to the CRTC’s questions. On August 5, 2022, the CRTC issued a
         On June 16, 2022, the Federal Government tabled Bill C-27, the             subsequent request for information, responses to which were filed
         Digital Charter Implementation Act, 2022, to overhaul Canada’s             by Rogers on August 22, 2022.
         private sector privacy legislation. It includes provisions for increased   On July 15, 2022, the House of Commons Standing Committee on
         consumer control over personal information, new powers for the             Industry and Technology announced it would study the network
         federal Privacy Commissioner, significant financial penalties, a           outage, including the underlying causes and its impact on families,
         Private Right of Action, new rules for protecting children’s privacy,      consumers, and businesses. The committee held meetings during
         and regulates the development and deployment of artificial                 July 2022 during which representatives from Rogers, amongst
         intelligence systems. If passed, Bill C-27 will include a transition       others, appeared.
         window that allows organizations sufficient time to make the
         necessary updates and changes to internal policies and processes
         for compliance.                                                            WIRELESS
                                                                                    3800 MHZ SPECTRUM LICENCE BANDS
         GOVERNMENT OF CANADA REVIEW OF THE                                         On June 6, 2019, ISED Canada released its Decision (2019
         BROADCASTING ACT                                                           Decision) on its Consultation on Revisions to the 3500 MHz Band to
         On February 2, 2022, the Federal Government introduced Bill C-11,          Accommodate Flexible Use and Preliminary Consultation on
         the Online Streaming Act. Bill C-11 will amend the Broadcasting Act        Changes to the 3800 MHz Band. On August 27, 2020, ISED
         and make related and consequential amendments to other acts.               Canada launched its Consultation on the Technical and Policy
         The goal of Bill C-11 is to support Canada’s cultural policy               Framework for the 3650-4200 MHz Band and Changes to the
         objectives of producing Canadian stories in the midst of a                 Frequency Allocation of the 3500-3650 MHz Band to address
         changing broadcasting landscape. The main amendments would                 potential changes to the spectrum utilization policy, band plans,
         subject online streaming services to CRTC regulation and require           and the technical and policy considerations to optimize the use of
         specific investment in Canadian cultural enterprises and include           the 3700-4200 MHz bands to support 5G wireless technologies
         diverse programming, including Indigenous content. The CRTC will           deployment. On May 21, 2021, ISED Canada released its Decision
         decide how the new regulatory regime is to be implemented                  on the Technical and Policy Framework for the 3650-4200 MHz
         subject to the guidance that would be provided by the                      Band and Changes to the Frequency Allocation of the 3500-3650
         Government in a policy direction to be issued when (and if) the Bill       MHz Band, announcing the decision to repurpose the 3800 MHz
         is passed.                                                                 spectrum band to support 5G services. On December 17, 2021,
                                                                                    ISED Canada launched a follow-up proceeding, Consultation on a
         THE ONLINE NEWS ACT                                                        Policy and Licensing Framework for Spectrum in the 3800 MHz
         On April 5, 2022, the Federal Government introduced Bill C-18, the         band, to determine the auction format and rules. Initial comments
         Online News Act. The purpose of Bill C-18 is to regulate online            were due on February 15, 2022.
         communications platforms, called “digital news intermediaries”, as
         a means to enhance fairness in the Canadian digital news                   On June 30, 2022, ISED Canada released its Policy and Licensing
         marketplace and contribute to sustainability. Bill C-18 has not yet        Framework for Spectrum in the 3800 MHz Band, laying out the rules
         been passed into law.                                                      for the upcoming auction. The rules include measures such as
                                                                                    (i) imposing a 100 MHz cap on large national providers (i.e. RCCI,
                                                                                    Bell Mobility Inc., and Telus Communications Inc.) as to how much
         MATTERS ASSOCIATED WITH NETWORK OUTAGE
                                                                                    combined 3500 MHz and 3800 MHz spectrum they can acquire;
         On July 11, 2022, in response to the network outage that occurred
                                                                                    (ii) reserving a total of 150 MHz across the 3500 MHz and 3800
         on July 8, 2022, the Minister for Innovation, Science and Industry
                                                                                    MHz spectrum bands for smaller competitors; and
         announced he had directed the major telecommunications
                                                                                    (iii) implementing strong deployment requirements requiring
         companies in Canada to improve the resilience and reliability of their
                                                                                    spectrum won at auction to be deployed within a certain timeframe
         networks by ensuring formal arrangements are in place within 60
                                                                                    or risk losing the licences. The 3800 MHz auction is expected to
         days that will address (i) emergency roaming, (ii) mutual assistance
                                                                                    begin on October 24, 2023.
         during outages, and (iii) a communication protocol to better inform
         the public and authorities during telecommunications emergencies.
         On September 7, 2022, we announced that a formal memorandum                TRANSFERS, DIVISIONS, AND SUBORDINATE LICENSING
         of understanding had been signed among Canada’s major                      OF SPECTRUM LICENCES
         telecommunications carriers regarding reciprocal support for               In June 2013, ISED Canada released Framework Relating to
         emergency roaming, mutual assistance, and communications                   Transfers, Divisions and Subordinate Licensing of Spectrum
         protocols in the event of a future network outage.                         Licences for Commercial Mobile Spectrum. The Framework lays
                                                                                    out the criteria ISED Canada will consider and the processes it will
                                                                                    use when it reviews spectrum licence transfers, including




74   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
prospective transfers that could arise from purchase or sale options    definition of the term “manufacturer’s suggested retail price
and other agreements. Key items to note are that:                       (MSRP)” provided in Telecom Regulatory Policy 2019-271. The
• ISED Canada will review all spectrum transfer requests and will       CRTC stated the regular price for a wireless mobile device as
  not allow any that result in “undue spectrum concentration” and       published by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) on the
  reduced competition. Decisions will be made on a case-by-case         OEM’s Canadian website, at the time a contract is entered into is to
  basis and will be issued publicly to increase transparency; and       be deemed the MSRP for the purpose of Section G of the Wireless
• licensees must ask for a review within 15 days of entering into       Code if no MSRP is provided by the OEM to the wireless service
  any agreement that could lead to a prospective transfer. ISED         provider (WSP). Furthermore, the CRTC directed WSPs to collect
  Canada will review the agreement as though the licence transfer       and update MSRP data on a monthly basis and to retain historical
  that could arise from it has been made.                               MSRP data to make it available to the CRTC. The CRTC further
                                                                        expects each WSP to collect this information in a consistent
CRTC WIRELESS CODE OF CONDUCT                                           manner.
In June 2013, the CRTC issued its Wireless Code of Conduct
(Wireless Code) that came into effect in December 2013. The             TOWER SHARING POLICY
Wireless Code imposes several obligations on wireless carriers,         In March 2013, ISED Canada released Revised Frameworks for
including maximum contract term length, roaming bill caps, device       Mandatory Roaming and Antenna Tower and Site Sharing,
unlocking requirements, and contract summaries. It also lays out        concluding a consultation initiated in 2012. It sets out the current
the rules for device subsidies and early cancellation fees. Under the   rules for tower and site sharing, among other things. The key terms
Wireless Code, if a customer cancels a contract early, carriers can     of the tower and site sharing rules are:
only charge the outstanding balance of the device subsidy they          • all holders of spectrum licences, radio licences, and
received, which decreases by an equal amount every month over              broadcasting certificates must share towers and antenna sites,
no more than 24 months.                                                    where technically feasible, at commercial rates; and
                                                                        • the timeframe for negotiating agreements is 60 days, after which
On June 15, 2017, the CRTC released its decision on the three-year
                                                                           arbitration according to ISED Canada arbitration rules will begin.
review of the Wireless Code (Telecom Regulatory Policy CRTC
2017-200, Review of the Wireless Code). The CRTC determined             In Telecom Regulatory Policy 2015-177, Regulatory framework for
that as of December 1, 2017, all individual and small business          wholesale mobile wireless services, released in May 2015, the CRTC
wireless service customers will have the right to have their cellular   determined that it would not mandate or require general
phones and other mobile devices unlocked, free of charge, upon          wholesale tariffs for tower and site sharing. At the same time, it
request. In addition, all newly purchased devices must be provided      determined that its existing powers and processes are sufficient to
unlocked from that day forward. The CRTC also determined that for       address tower and site sharing disputes related to rates, terms, and
family or shared plans (multi-line plans), the account holder must,     conditions. As a result, carriers may use the arbitration process
by default, be the one who consents to data overage and data            established by ISED Canada, or they may request the CRTC to
roaming charges beyond the established caps ($50 and $100 per           intervene in the event that tower and site sharing negotiations fail.
month, respectively). Wireless service providers may, however, allow
account holders to authorize other users on a family or shared plan     POLICY DIRECTION TO THE CRTC ON
to consent to additional charges. The CRTC also made clear that in      TELECOMMUNICATIONS
all instances, the caps apply on a per account basis, regardless of     On February 26, 2019, the Minister of Innovation, Science and
the number of devices, for multi-line plans and individual lines on     Economic Development tabled a Proposed Order Issuing a
the account.                                                            Direction to the CRTC on Implementing the Canadian
In July 2019, Rogers introduced wireless device financing               Telecommunications Policy Objectives to Promote Competition,
agreements with both 24- and 36-month terms. On August 30,              Affordability, Consumer Interests and Innovation. The Direction
2019, the CRTC initiated Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC            signals the government’s intention to require the CRTC to consider
2019-309, Show cause proceeding and call for comments – The             competition, affordability, consumer interests, and innovation in its
Wireless Code – Device financing plans, to consider whether device      telecommunications decisions and to demonstrate to Canadians in
financing plans, including those with terms longer than 24 months,      those decisions that it has done so.
are compliant with the Wireless Code. We voluntarily ceased
                                                                        On June 17, 2019, the Order Issuing a Direction to the CRTC on
offering device financing arrangements with terms greater than 24
                                                                        Implementing the Canadian Telecommunications Policy Objectives
months at that time. Final reply submissions were filed on
                                                                        to Promote Competition, Affordability, Consumer Interests and
October 29, 2019. On March 4, 2021, the CRTC released Telecom
                                                                        Innovation came into effect after review and revision. It requires the
Decision CRTC 2021-98, Wireless Code – Application to device
                                                                        CRTC to consider competition, affordability, consumer interests,
financing plans, confirming that the Wireless Code does apply to
                                                                        and innovation in its telecommunications decisions and to
device financing plans sold with a wireless service plan and that
                                                                        demonstrate to Canadians in those decisions that it has done so.
device financing plans must comply with all relevant protections of
the Wireless Code. The CRTC also established that device financing      On February 13, 2023, the Order Issuing a Direction to the CRTC
plans are similar to device subsidies when determining early            on a Renewed Approach to Telecommunications Policy came into
cancellation fees under the Wireless Code.                              effect. Building on the direction and objectives set out in the
On October 28, 2022, the CRTC issued Telecom Regulatory Policy          previous Order, it adds the required principles of effective
2022-294, The Wireless Code – Clarification of the term                 regulation that the CRTC must follow. The principles most notably
“manufacturer’s suggested retail price”, in which it clarified the      include transparency, predictability, coherence, and efficiency, and




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   75
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         also state the CRTC should ensure proceedings are held, and              determinations in this decision will assist with the implementation
         decisions released, in a timely manner. It also requires the CRTC to     of seamless roaming to the benefit of regional wireless carriers and
         consider fixed Internet competition and mobile wireless competition,     reduce barriers to entry into the market and to competition for
         including maintaining regulatory frameworks regarding wholesale          telecommunications service providers that are new, regional, or
         services for both fixed Internet and wholesale roaming services for      smaller than the incumbent national service providers.
         mobile wireless. Lastly, it requires the CRTC to enhance and protect
                                                                                  On October 19, 2022, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision CRTC
         the rights of consumers in telecommunication markets, and to
                                                                                  2022-288, Facilities-based wholesale mobile virtual network
         continue taking measures to support universal access to high-quality,
                                                                                  operator (MVNO) access tariffs – Commission determinations on
         reliable, and resilient fixed Internet and mobile wireless services.
                                                                                  proposed terms and conditions, which determined that wholesale
                                                                                  MVNO access service is available for use by regional wireless
         CRTC REVIEW OF MOBILE WIRELESS SERVICES                                  carriers that have deployed their own home Public Mobile Network
         On February 28, 2019, through Telecom Notice of Consultation             (PMN) somewhere in Canada and are also offering retail wireless
         CRTC 2019-57, Review of mobile wireless services, the CRTC               services. To be eligible for the MVNO access, a regional wireless
         initiated its five-year review to examine the state of the mobile        carrier must be registered with the CRTC as a wireless carrier, must
         wireless market and to determine whether further action is required      have home PMN somewhere in Canada, and must be actively
         to improve choice and affordability for Canadians. After extensive       offering mobile wireless services commercially to retail customers.
         written submissions were filed in 2019, a two-week oral hearing          The CRTC has directed the incumbents to modify their tariffs in
         began on February 18, 2020. Final written submissions were filed         accordance with its determination, and noted that entities that are
         on July 15, 2020.                                                        not currently eligible for the service may become eligible over the
                                                                                  course of the mandate if they acquire rights to spectrum, and invest
         On April 15, 2021 the CRTC issued Telecom Regulatory Policy
                                                                                  in a home PMN and start offering retail service.
         2021-130, Review of mobile wireless services. The CRTC mandated
         wholesale mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) access,
         seamless handoff for mandated wholesale roaming, and new                 CABLE
         mandatory low-cost and occasional-use retail rate plans; however,
         mandated MVNO access will only be provided if certain conditions         COPYRIGHT RETRANSMISSION OF DISTANT SIGNALS
         are met as described briefly below.                                      Pursuant to section 31(2) of the Copyright Act, television service
                                                                                  providers are permitted to retransmit programming within distant
         The CRTC decided that mandated wholesale MVNO access must                over-the-air television signals as part of a compulsory licensing
         be offered by the national carriers, and SaskTel in Saskatchewan,        regime. Rates for the distribution of the programming are
         but only made available to eligible regional wireless carriers that      established through negotiation or set by the Copyright Board.
         hold mobile spectrum licences, and only in the areas that are            Distributors and content providers (the Collectives) were unable to
         covered by their licences. The terms and conditions associated with      agree on a new rate for the distribution of distant signals after the
         mandated MVNO access must be approved by the CRTC, while                 expiration of the then-current agreement in 2013. A proceeding
         rates will be subject to commercial negotiation, backstopped by          was initiated by the Copyright Board in 2015 and a decision was
         final offer arbitration, with the CRTC acting as arbitrator. Mandated    rendered on December 18, 2018. The decision increased the rate
         MVNO access will be limited to a seven-year period commencing            paid by broadcast distribution undertakings (BDUs) by
         on the date the CRTC finalizes the terms and conditions. This time       approximately 8% for 2014, a further 7.5% for 2015, and a further
         limit is intended to provide the regional carriers sufficient time to    2.5% for 2016, with 2017 and 2018 held constant at the 2016 rate.
         expand their networks while maintaining investment incentives.           For the period of 2019 to 2023, an interim rate was set at the 2016
                                                                                  rate of $1.17.
         The national wireless carriers must also provide seamless handoff as
         part of the mandatory roaming they must offer to the regional            The Collectives appealed the Copyright Board’s decision on the
         wireless carriers. Seamless handoff will ensure that calls in progress   2014 to 2018 rates, seeking to have the rates increased to an
         are not dropped when customers travel outside their home                 average of approximately $2.20 for the five-year period. On
         network coverage and into the coverage of their roaming provider.        July 22, 2021, the Federal Court of Appeal released a decision in
         The CRTC also directed the national wireless carriers to offer 5G        which it determined the 2014 and 2015 rates would be final but
         roaming where the roaming network offers 5G service on its own           agreed with the Collectives that errors were made with respect to
         network and to file proposed revised terms and conditions within         the 2016 to 2018 rates. The BDUs, including Rogers, filed a motion
         90 days for CRTC approval. The CRTC also mandated retail rate            for Leave to Appeal the Federal Court of Appeal’s decision with the
         plans for low-cost and occasional use. These plans were                  Supreme Court of Canada which was dismissed in early 2022.
         implemented on July 14, 2021.                                            Meanwhile, the Copyright Board commenced a new proceeding in
                                                                                  July 2022 to determine the rates from 2016 onward. The fees we
         On April 6, 2022, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision CRTC
                                                                                  currently pay the Collectives are not material.
         2022-102, Updates to national wireless carriers’ GSM-based
         wholesale mobile wireless roaming tariffs to incorporate seamless
         hand-off and 5G roaming, which requires the implementation of            DIFFERENTIAL PRICING RELATED TO INTERNET DATA
         seamless roaming, including using one-way seamless hand-off. The         PLANS
         CRTC directs the national wireless carriers to begin accepting           On April 20, 2017, the CRTC released Telecom Regulatory Policy
         written requests for seamless roaming from regional wireless             CRTC 2017-104, Framework for assessing the differential pricing
         carriers effective immediately. The CRTC considers that its              practices of Internet service providers, setting out the evaluation




76   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
criteria it will apply to determine whether a specific differential       Information Bulletin CRTC 2011-214, Revised Guidelines for review
pricing practice complies with subsection 27(2) of the                    and vary applications. Specifically, we seek:
Telecommunications Act on a case-by-case basis, as follows:               a) review and variance of the methodology and the resulting
• the degree to which the treatment of data is agnostic (i.e., data is         rates approved for the Cable Carriers’ aggregated wholesale
   treated equally regardless of its source or nature);                        HAS in the 2019 Order in conjunction with the CRTC’s
• whether the offering is exclusive to certain customers or certain            planned review of its approach to setting the rates for
   content providers;                                                          wholesale telecommunications services generally;
• the impact on Internet openness and innovation; and                     b) review and variance of the determination in the 2019 Order
• whether there is financial compensation involved.                            regarding retroactivity such that any new wholesale rates for
                                                                               Cable Carrier HAS services apply only on a prospective basis;
Of these criteria, the degree to which data is treated agnostically
                                                                               and
will generally carry the most weight. The overriding expectation is
                                                                          c) in the event that the interlocutory stay of the 2019 Order
that all content and applications will be treated in a neutral manner.
                                                                               granted by the Federal Court of Appeal is terminated or
Zero-rating of account management functions (e.g., monitoring of
                                                                               varied, an interim stay of the 2019 Order pending completion
Internet data usage or the payment of bills online) will generally be
                                                                               of the CRTC’s determinations in respect of both (a) and (b)
permitted.
                                                                               above.

WHOLESALE INTERNET COSTING AND PRICING                                    On September 28, 2020, the CRTC issued a Stay of Order
On August 15, 2019, in Telecom Order CRTC 2019-288, Follow-up             2019-288 pending review of the appropriateness of the rates
to Telecom Orders 2016-396 and 2016-448 – Final rates for                 established in the 2019 Order. On November 12, 2020, Rogers,
aggregated wholesale high-speed access services (2019 Order),             again in conjunction with the other Cable Carriers, filed a motion
the CRTC set final rates for facilities-based carriers’ wholesale HAS,    for Leave to Appeal the Court’s decision with the Supreme Court of
including Rogers’ TPIA service. The 2019 Order set final rates for        Canada. The Supreme Court of Canada dismissed the request for
Rogers that are significantly lower than the interim rates that were      Leave on February 25, 2021 without reasons.
previously billed and it further determined that these final rates will   On May 27, 2021, the CRTC released Telecom Decision CRTC
apply retroactively to March 31, 2016. We do not believe the final        2021-181 Requests to review and vary Telecom Order 2019-288
rates set by the CRTC are just and reasonable as required by the          regarding final rates for aggregated wholesale high-speed access
Telecommunications Act as we believe they are below cost.                 services (2021 Decision) in which it adopted the interim rates in
On September 13, 2019, Rogers, in conjunction with the other              effect prior to the 2019 Order as the final rates, with certain
                                                                          modifications, including the removal of the supplementary markup
large Canadian cable companies (Cable Carriers), filed a motion for
                                                                          of 10% for incumbent local exchange carriers.
Leave to Appeal pursuant to Section 64(1) of the
Telecommunications Act with the Federal Court of Appeal (Court)           On May 28, 2021, a wholesale ISP petitioned the Governor in
and an associated motion for an interlocutory Stay of the 2019            Council to, among other things, restore the 2019 Order and make
Order. On November 22, 2019, the Court granted Leave to Appeal            the rates established in that order final. In addition, on June 28,
and an interlocutory Stay of the 2019 Order. On September 10,             2021, the same wholesale ISP filed a motion seeking leave to
2020, the Court dismissed the Cable Carriers’ appeal and                  appeal the 2021 Decision to the Federal Court of Appeal, which
simultaneously vacated the interlocutory Stay previously granted.         was granted on September 15, 2021. We, along with several other
                                                                          cable companies, have intervened in these matters.
On November 13, 2019, Rogers, again in conjunction with the
other Cable Carriers, filed an appeal of the 2019 Order with the
Federal Cabinet, pursuant to Section 12(1) of the
                                                                          CRTC INTERNET CODE
                                                                          On July 31, 2019, the CRTC released Telecom Regulatory Policy
Telecommunications Act, asking the Cabinet to order the CRTC to
                                                                          CRTC 2019-269, The Internet Code, establishing a mandatory code
reconsider its August 15, 2019 decision in conjunction with the
                                                                          of conduct (Code) for large facilities-based ISPs that applies to the
CRTC’s previously announced review of the entire wholesale
                                                                          companies’ provision of fixed wireline Internet access services to
regulatory framework. On August 15, 2020, the Federal Cabinet
                                                                          individual customers. As is the case for the Wireless, Deposit and
recognized that the final rates did not always appropriately balance
                                                                          Disconnection, and Television Service Provider Codes already in
the policy objectives of the wholesale network and were concerned
                                                                          place, the CRTC for Complaints for Telecom-television Services Inc.
that they would undermine investment in high-quality networks.
                                                                          (CCTS) will administer the Code. The Code came into effect on
They however decided not to refer the matter back to the CRTC,
                                                                          January 31, 2020.
given that the matter was already before them as a result of the
review and vary application filed by Rogers and the other Cable
                                                                          CRTC REVIEW OF WHOLESALE WIRELINE
Carriers.
                                                                          TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
On December 13, 2019, Rogers, again in conjunction with the               On July 22, 2015, the CRTC released its decision on the regulatory
other Cable Carriers, filed an Application with the CRTC seeking          framework for wholesale wireline services (Telecom Regulatory
review and variance and stay of the 2019 Order pursuant to sections       Policy 2015-326, Review of wholesale wireline services and
27(1), 61(2), and 62 of the Telecommunications Act, Part 1 of the         associated policies), determining which wireline services, and under
Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission               what terms and conditions, facilities-based telecommunications
Rules of Practice and Procedure, and Telecommunications                   carriers must make available to other telecommunications service




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   77
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         providers, such as resellers. The CRTC determined that wholesale        must be offered on an à la carte basis and in smaller, reasonably
         high-speed access services, which are used to support retail            priced packages. As a BDU, we are permitted to continue to offer
         competition for services, such as local phone, television, and          our existing basic service and programming packages. Consumers
         Internet access, would continue to be mandated. The provision of        have to be offered, but will not have to receive, a majority of
         provincially aggregated services, however, would no longer be           Canadian services.
         mandated and would be phased out in conjunction with the
                                                                                 All licensed programmers and BDUs must also comply with the
         implementation of a disaggregated service with connections at
                                                                                 Wholesale Code. Distributors of foreign services are required to
         telephone company central offices and cable company head-ends.
                                                                                 make their channels available on an à la carte basis and in “pick­
         The requirement to implement disaggregated wholesale high-
                                                                                 packs” or smaller pre-assembled packages and abide by the
         speed access services will include making them available over
                                                                                 Wholesale Code.
         fibre-to-the-premises (FTTP) access facilities. Regulated rates will
         continue to be based on long-run increment cost studies.                Finally, the CRTC established a Television Service Provider (TVSP)
                                                                                 Code of Conduct to govern certain aspects of the relationship
         On September 20, 2016, the CRTC released Telecom Decision
                                                                                 between TVSPs and their customers as well as to allow consumers
         CRTC 2016-379, Follow-up to Telecom Regulatory Policy
                                                                                 to complain to the Commissioner for Complaints for
         2015-326 – Implementation of a disaggregated wholesale high-
                                                                                 Telecommunications Services about their providers, which came
         speed access service, including over fibre-to-the premises access
                                                                                 into effect on September 1, 2017.
         facilities, addressing the technical implementation of new,
         disaggregated, high-speed access TPIA, a service that will provide
         access to FTTP facilities as ordered in the CRTC’s July 22, 2015        ROGERS CABLE TV LICENCE RENEWALS
         ruling. The decision is consistent with the positions submitted by      On August 2, 2018, in Broadcasting Decision CRTC 2018-265,
         Rogers in our filings. Proposed tariffs and supporting cost studies     Rogers – Licence renewal for various terrestrial broadcasting
         for the new service were filed on January 9, 2017, with further         distribution undertakings, the CRTC renewed Rogers’ Broadcasting
         information filed later in 2017 and 2018. A decision on final rates     Distribution Undertaking licences in Ontario and Atlantic Canada
         was anticipated in 2020 but was temporarily suspended on                for a full seven-year licence term with conditions substantially
         June 11, 2020 by CRTC Telecom Notice of Consultation 2020-187,          consistent with Rogers’ application.
         Call for comments – Appropriate network configuration for
         disaggregated wholesale high-speed access services. Initial             CRTC PROCEEDING ON FUTURE PROGRAMMING
         comments for this proceeding were filed on October 5, 2020 and          DISTRIBUTION MODELS
         reply comments were filed on December 7, 2020.                          On October 12, 2017, prompted by Order in Council P.C. 2017­
                                                                                 1195, the CRTC initiated a proceeding (Broadcasting Notice of
         CRTC REVIEW OF LOCAL AND COMMUNITY                                      Consultation CRTC 2017-359, Call for comments on the Governor
         PROGRAMMING                                                             in Council’s request for a report on future programming distribution
         On June 15, 2016, the CRTC released Broadcasting Regulatory             models) to report on the distribution model or models of
         Policy CRTC 2016-224, Policy framework for local and community          programming that are likely to exist in the future; how and through
         television. The CRTC created a new model for BDU contributions to       whom Canadians will access that programming; and the extent to
         Canadian programming that took effect on September 1, 2017.             which these models will ensure a vibrant domestic market that is
         Annual contributions will remain at 5% of annual gross                  capable of supporting the continued creation, production, and
         broadcasting revenues; however, of that amount, in all licensed         distribution of Canadian programming, in both official languages,
         cable systems, up to 1.5% (rather than the previous 2%) can be          including original entertainment and information programming.
         used to fund community channel programming. Of this revenue,            On May 30, 2018, the CRTC issued its report on future programming
         0.3% must now go to a newly created Independent Local News              distribution models requested by the government in September
         Fund for independently owned local TV stations, and the remaining       2017 through Order in Council P.C. 2017-1195. The report proposes
         funding will continue to go to the Canada Media Fund and                new tools and regulatory approaches to support the production and
         independent production funds. This decision provides the flexibility    promotion of audio and video content made by and for Canadians.
         for BDUs that operate community channels in large markets
         (Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton, Calgary, and Vancouver) to now
         direct their community channel revenues from those markets to           MEDIA
         fund either community channel programming in smaller markets,
                                                                                 REVIEW OF COMMERCIAL RADIO POLICY
         or to fund local news on TV stations (such as Citytv, in the case of
                                                                                 On December 7, 2022, the CRTC released its decision on the
         Rogers). Rogers has closed its Greater Toronto Area community
                                                                                 review of the Commercial Radio Policy, which had not been
         channels and redirected these revenues.
                                                                                 updated since 2006. The primary policy consideration put forward
                                                                                 by the industry was a relaxation of the Common Ownership Policy,
         TELEVISION SERVICES DISTRIBUTION                                        which restricts the number of stations an owner can operate in any
         Distributors are required to offer customers an option for a small      individual market as well as the bands (AM/FM) in which they
         basic service consisting only of Canadian local channels (local radio   broadcast. The CRTC did not relax its common ownership policy,
         is optional), national mandatory services, community and provincial     which remains at 4 in markets served by more than 8 commercial
         legislature channels, and, should they wish, US 4+1 networks. The       radio stations, and made minor modifications to AM/FM band
         retail rate for this entry-level service is capped at $25 per month     restrictions to now allow ownership of 3 FM stations in a market.
         (excluding equipment). Further, all channels above the basic tier




78   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Other Information
ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                                        LEASES
                                                                           We estimate the lease term by considering the facts and
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS                                circumstances that can create an economic incentive to exercise an
                                                                           extension option, or not exercise a termination option. We make
Management makes judgments, estimates, and assumptions that                certain qualitative and quantitative assumptions when deriving the
affect how accounting policies are applied, the amounts we report          value of the economic incentive.
in assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, and our related
disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities. Significant
                                                                           USEFUL LIVES
changes in our assumptions, including those related to our future
                                                                           We depreciate the cost of property, plant and equipment over their
business plans and cash flows, could materially change the
                                                                           estimated useful lives by considering industry trends and company-
amounts we record. Actual results could be different from these
                                                                           specific factors, including changing technologies and expectations
estimates.
                                                                           for the in-service period of certain assets at the time. We reassess
These estimates are critical to our business operations and                our estimates of useful lives annually, or when circumstances
understanding our results of operations. We may need to use                change, to ensure they match the anticipated life of the technology
additional judgment because of the sensitivity of the methods and          from a revenue-producing perspective. If technological change
assumptions used in determining the asset, liability, revenue, and         happens more quickly, or in a different way, than anticipated, we
expense amounts.                                                           might have to reduce the estimated life of property, plant and
                                                                           equipment, which could result in a higher depreciation expense in
ESTIMATES                                                                  future periods or an impairment charge to write down the value.
                                                                           We monitor and review our depreciation rates and asset useful lives
REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS                                      at least once a year and change them if they are different from our
Determining the transaction price                                          previous estimates. We recognize the effect of changes in
The transaction price is the amount of consideration that is               estimates in net income prospectively.
enforceable and to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for
the goods and services we have promised to our customer. We                CAPITALIZING DIRECT LABOUR, OVERHEAD, AND
determine the transaction price by considering the terms of the            INTEREST
contract and business practices that are customary within that             Certain direct labour, overhead, and interest costs associated with
particular line of business. Discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price   the acquisition, construction, development, or improvement of our
concessions, incentives, penalties, and other similar items are            networks are capitalized to “property, plant and equipment”. The
reflected in the transaction price at contract inception.                  capitalized amounts are calculated based on estimated costs of
                                                                           projects that are capital in nature, and are generally based on a
Determining the stand-alone selling price and the allocation of the        per-hour rate. In addition, interest costs are capitalized during
transaction price                                                          development and construction of certain property, plant and
The transaction price is allocated to performance obligations based        equipment. Capitalized amounts increase the cost of the asset and
on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the distinct goods or        result in a higher depreciation expense in future periods.
services in the contract. The best evidence of a stand-alone selling
price is the observable price of a good or service when the entity
                                                                           IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
sells that good or service separately in similar circumstances and to
                                                                           Indefinite-life intangible assets (including goodwill and spectrum
similar customers. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly
                                                                           and/or broadcast licences) are assessed for impairment on an
observable, we estimate the stand-alone selling price taking into
                                                                           annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances warrant, and
account reasonably available information relating to the market
                                                                           finite-life assets (including property, plant and equipment and
conditions, entity-specific factors, and the class of customer.
                                                                           other intangible assets) are assessed for impairment if events or
In determining the stand-alone selling price, we allocate revenue          circumstances warrant. The recoverable amount of a cash-
between performance obligations based on expected minimum                  generating unit (CGU) involves significant estimates such as future
enforceable amounts to which we are entitled. Any amounts above            cash flows, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. If key
the minimum enforceable amounts are recognized as revenue as               estimates differ unfavourably in the future, we could experience
they are earned.                                                           impairment charges that could decrease net income.

FAIR VALUE                                                                 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
We use estimates to determine the fair value of assets acquired and        The fair values of our derivatives are recorded using an estimated
liabilities assumed in an acquisition, using the best available            credit-adjusted mark-to-market valuation. If the derivatives are in an
information, including information from financial markets. These           asset position (i.e. the counterparty owes Rogers), the credit spread
estimates include key assumptions such as discount rates, attrition        for the bank counterparty is added to the risk-free discount rate to
rates, and terminal growth rates for performing discounted cash            determine the estimated credit-adjusted value. If the derivatives are
flow analyses.                                                             in a liability position (i.e. Rogers owes the counterparty), our credit




                                                                                                  2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   79
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         spread is added to the risk-free discount rate. The estimated                 Restricted share unit (RSU) and deferred share unit (DSU) plans
         credit-adjusted value of derivatives requires assessment of the               We recognize outstanding RSUs and DSUs as liabilities, measuring
         credit risk of the parties to the instruments and the instruments’            the liabilities and compensation costs based on the awards’ fair
         discount rates.                                                               values, which are based on the market price of the Class B
                                                                                       Non-Voting Shares, and recognizing them as charges to “operating
         For all derivative instruments where hedge accounting is applied,
                                                                                       costs” over the vesting period of the awards. If an award’s fair value
         we are required to ensure that the hedging relationships meet
                                                                                       changes after it has been granted and before the exercise date, we
         hedge effectiveness criteria. Hedge effectiveness testing requires
                                                                                       recognize the resulting changes in the liability within “operating
         the use of both judgments and estimates.
                                                                                       costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as applicable, in the
                                                                                       year the change occurs. For RSUs, the payment amount is
         PENSION BENEFITS                                                              established as of the vesting date. For DSUs, the payment amount
         When we account for defined benefit pension plans, assumptions                is established as of the exercise date.
         are made in determining the valuation of benefit obligations.
         Assumptions and estimates include the discount rate, the rate of
                                                                                       JUDGMENTS
         future compensation increase, and the mortality rate. Changes to
         these primary assumptions and estimates would affect the pension              REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
         expense, pension asset and liability, and other comprehensive                 Distinct goods and services
         income. Changes in economic conditions, including financial                   We make judgments in determining whether a promise to deliver
         markets and interest rates, may also have an impact on our pension            goods or services is considered distinct. We account for individual
         plans, as there is no assurance that the plans will be able to earn           products and services separately if they are distinct (i.e. if a product
         the assumed rate of return. Market-driven changes may also result             or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled
         in changes in the discount rates and other variables that could               package and if the customer can benefit from it). The consideration
         require us to make contributions in the future that differ significantly      is allocated between separate products and services in a bundle
         from the current contributions and assumptions incorporated into              based on their stand-alone selling prices. For distinct items we do
         the actuarial valuation process.                                              not sell separately, we estimate stand-alone selling prices using the
         Below is a summary of the effect an increase or decrease in the               adjusted market assessment approach.
         primary assumptions and estimates would have had on our
         accrued benefit obligation as at December 31, 2022.                           Residual value arrangements
                                                                                       Under certain customer offers, we allow customers to defer a
                                                              Increase (decrease) in   component of the device cost until contract termination. We use
         (In millions of dollars)                        accrued benefit obligation
                                                                                       judgment in determining whether these arrangements constitute
         Discount rate                                                                 revenue-generating arrangements or leases. In making this
             Impact of 0.5% increase                                           (163)   determination, we use judgment to assess the extent of control
             Impact of 0.5% decrease                                            183    over the devices that passes to our customer, including whether the
         Rate of future compensation increase                                          customer has a significant economic incentive at contract inception
             Impact of 0.25% increase                                            10
                                                                                       to return the device at contract termination.
             Impact of 0.25% decrease                                           (10)
         Mortality rate
             Impact of 1 year increase                                           42    LEASES
             Impact of 1 year decrease                                          (45)   We make judgments in determining whether a contract contains
                                                                                       an identified asset. The identified asset should be physically distinct
                                                                                       or represent substantially all of the capacity of the asset, and should
         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION                                                      provide us with the right to substantially all of the economic
         Stock option plans                                                            benefits from the use of the asset.
         Our employee stock option plans attach cash-settled share
         appreciation rights (SARs) to all new and previously granted                  We also make judgments in determining whether or not we have
         options. The SAR feature allows the option holder to elect to                 the right to control the use of the identified asset. We have that
         receive a cash payment equal to the intrinsic value of the option,            right when we have the decision-making rights that are most
         instead of exercising the option and acquiring Class B Non-Voting             relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In
         Shares. We measure stock-based compensation to employees at                   rare cases where the decisions about how and for what purpose
         fair value. We determine the fair value of options using our Class B          the asset is used are predetermined, we have the right to direct the
         Non-Voting Share price and option pricing models, and record all              use of the asset if we have the right to operate the asset or if we
         outstanding stock options as liabilities. The liability is marked to          designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what
         market each period and is amortized to expense using a graded                 purpose the asset will be used.
         vesting approach over the period during which employee services
         are rendered, or over the period to the date an employee is
         eligible to retire, whichever is shorter. The expense in each period
         is affected by the change in the price of our Class B Non-Voting
         Shares during the period.




80   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
We make judgments in determining the incremental borrowing               monitored and should be tested for impairment at the Media
rate used to measure our lease liability for each lease contract,        segment level as a whole, rather than at the underlying business by
including an estimate of the asset-specific security impact. The         business level, based on the interdependencies across Media and
incremental borrowing rate should reflect the interest that we           how it sells and goes to market.
would have to pay to borrow at a similar term and with a similar
security.                                                                RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER COSTS
                                                                         We make significant judgments in determining the appropriate
Certain of our leases contain extension or renewal options that are      classification of costs to be included in restructuring, acquisition
exercisable only by us and not by the lessor. At lease                   and other.
commencement, we assess whether we are reasonably certain to
exercise any of the extension options based on our expected              HEDGE ACCOUNTING
economic return from the lease. We typically exercise extension          We make significant judgments in determining whether our
options on our network leases, primarily due to the significant cost     financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting, including our
that would be required to relocate our network towers and related        determination of hedge effectiveness. These judgments include
equipment. We periodically reassess whether we are reasonably            assessing whether the forecast transactions designated as hedged
certain to exercise the options and account for any changes at the       items in hedging relationships will materialize as forecast, whether
date of the reassessment.                                                the hedging relationships designated as effective hedges for
                                                                         accounting purposes continue to qualitatively be effective, and
USEFUL LIVES AND DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION                           determining the methodology to determine the fair values used in
METHODS                                                                  testing the effectiveness of hedging relationships.
We make significant judgments in choosing methods for
                                                                         SEGMENTS
depreciating our property, plant and equipment that we believe
                                                                         We make significant judgments in determining our operating
most accurately represent the consumption of benefits derived
                                                                         segments. These are components that engage in business activities
from those assets and are most representative of the economic
                                                                         from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, for which
substance of the intended use of the underlying assets.
                                                                         operating results are regularly reviewed by our chief operating
We amortize the cost of intangible assets with finite lives over their   decision makers to make decisions about resources to be allocated
estimated useful lives. We review their useful lives, residual values,   and to assess component performance, and for which discrete
and the amortization methods at least once a year.                       financial information is available.

We do not amortize intangible assets with indefinite lives (spectrum     INCOME TAXES AND OTHER TAXES
licences, broadcast licences, and certain brand names) as there is       We accrue income and other tax provisions based on information
no foreseeable limit to the period over which these assets are           currently available in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
expected to generate net cash inflows for us. We make judgments          While we believe we have paid and provided for adequate
to determine that these assets have indefinite lives, analyzing all      amounts of tax, our business is complex and significant judgment is
relevant factors, including the expected usage of the asset, the         required in interpreting how tax legislation and regulations apply to
typical life cycle of the asset, and anticipated changes in the market   us. Our tax filings are subject to audit by the relevant government
demand for the products and services the asset helps generate.           revenue authorities and the results of the government audit could
After review of the competitive, legal, regulatory, and other factors,   materially change the amount of our actual income tax expense,
it is our view that these factors do not limit the useful lives of our   income tax payable or receivable, other taxes payable or
spectrum licences, broadcast licences, and certain brand names.          receivable, and deferred income tax assets and liabilities and could,
                                                                         in certain circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and
Judgment is also applied in choosing methods for amortizing our
                                                                         penalties.
intangible assets and program rights that we believe most
accurately represent the consumption of those assets and are most        CONTINGENCIES
representative of the economic substance of the intended use of          Considerable judgment is involved in the determination of
the underlying assets.                                                   contingent liabilities. Our judgment is based on information
                                                                         currently known to us, and the probability of the ultimate resolution
IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS                                                     of the contingencies. If it becomes probable that a contingent
We make judgments in determining CGUs and the allocation of              liability will result in an outflow of economic resources, we will
goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of                    record a provision in the period the change in probability occurs.
impairment testing. The allocation of goodwill involves                  The amount of the loss involves judgment based on information
considerable management judgment in determining the CGUs (or             available at that time. Any provision recognized for a contingent
groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the synergies of       liability could be material to our consolidated financial position and
a business combination. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group         results of operations.
of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent
of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. Goodwill      ONEROUS CONTRACTS
and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to CGUs (or          Judgment is required to determine when we are subject to
groups of CGUs) based on the level at which management                   unavoidable costs arising from onerous contracts. These judgments
monitors goodwill, which is not higher than an operating segment.        may include, for example, whether a certain promise is legally
In particular for Media, we have determined that goodwill is             binding or whether we may be successful in negotiations with the
                                                                         counterparty.



                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   81
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES                                        • Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment:
                                                                                    Proceeds before intended use, prohibiting reducing the cost of
         We have entered into certain transactions in the normal course of          property, plant and equipment by proceeds while bringing an
         business with related parties in which we have an equity interest,         asset to capable operations.
         being primarily MLSE (primarily broadcasting rights) and Glentel         • Amendments to IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and
         (Wireless distribution support). The amounts received from or paid         Contingent Assets – Onerous Contracts, specifying costs an entity
         to these parties were as follows:                                          should include in determining the “cost of fulfilling” a potential
                                                       Years ended December 31      onerous contract.

         (In millions of dollars)                       2022    2021     % Chg
                                                                                  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET
         Revenue                                          74       31      139
         Purchases                                       194      180        8
                                                                                  ADOPTED
                                                                                  The IASB has issued the following new standard and amendments
         We entered into business transactions with Transcontinental Inc., a      that will become effective in future years:
         company that provides us with printing and prepress services.            • IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, a replacement of IFRS 4, Insurance
         Isabelle Marcoux, C.M., is chair of the board of Transcontinental Inc.     Contracts, that aims to provide consistency in the application of
         and was a Director of RCI until June 2021, total amounts paid to           accounting for insurance contracts (January 1, 2023).
         this related party during the year ended December 31, 2021 was           • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
         $3 million.                                                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current, clarifying the
         We have also entered into business transactions with companies             classification requirements in the standard for liabilities as current
         controlled by our Directors Michael J. Cooper and John C. Kerr,            or non-current (January 1, 2023).
         which became related parties in October 2021. These companies            • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
         include Dream Unlimited Corp. and Vancouver Professional                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies, requiring entities to disclose
         Baseball LLP, respectively. Dream Unlimited Corp. is a real estate         material, instead of significant, accounting policy information
         company that rents spaces in office and residential buildings.             (January 1, 2023).
         Vancouver Professional Baseball LLP controls the Vancouver               • Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies – Changes in
         Canadians, the Toronto Blue Jays’ High-A affiliate minor league            Accounting Estimates and Errors, clarifying the definition of
         team. Total amounts paid to these related parties were nominal             “accounting policies” and “accounting estimates” (January 1,
         during the period from October 2021 to December 2021 and for               2023).
         the year ended December 31, 2022.                                        • Amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes – Deferred Tax related to
                                                                                    Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction, narrowing
         We have also entered into certain transactions with the Trust and          the scope for exemption when recognizing deferred taxes
         companies it controls. These transactions are subject to formal            (January 1, 2023).
         agreements approved by the Audit and Risk Committee. Total               • Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases – Lease Liability in a Sale and
         amounts paid to these related parties generally reflect the charges        Leaseback, clarifying subsequent measurement requirements for
         to Rogers for occasional business use of aircraft, net of other            sale and leaseback transactions for sellers-lessees. (January 1,
         administrative services, and were less than $1 million for each of         2024).
         2022 and 2021.                                                           • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
                                                                                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants, modifying the 2020
         These transactions are measured at the amount agreed to by the
                                                                                    amendments to IAS 1 to further clarify the classification,
         related parties, which are also reviewed by the Audit and Risk
                                                                                    presentation, and disclosure requirements in the standard for
         Committee. The amounts owing are unsecured, interest-free, and
                                                                                    non-current liabilities with covenants. (January 1, 2024).
         due for payment in cash within one month from the date of the
         transaction.                                                             We do not expect IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, or the
                                                                                  amendments effective January 1, 2023, will have an effect on our
         NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ADOPTED IN                                 consolidated financial statements. We are assessing the impacts, if
         2022                                                                     any, the remaining amendments will have on our consolidated
                                                                                  financial statements; however we currently do not expect any
         We adopted the following IFRS amendments in 2022. They did not           material impacts.
         have a material effect on our financial statements.
         • Amendments to IFRS 3, Business Combinations – Updating a
           Reference to the Conceptual Framework, updating a reference in
           IFRS 3 to now refer to the Conceptual Framework.




82   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                         • We report wireless subscribers in two categories: postpaid
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                                                           mobile phone and prepaid mobile phone. Postpaid and
We measure the success of our strategy using a number of key               prepaid include voice-only subscribers and subscribers with
performance indicators, which are outlined below. We believe               service plans including both voice and data.
these key performance indicators allow us to appropriately               • Usage and overage charges for postpaid subscribers are billed a
measure our performance against our operating strategy and                 month in arrears. Prepaid subscribers cannot incur usage and/or
against the results of our peers and competitors. The following key        overage charges in excess of their plan limits or account balance.
performance indicators, some of which are supplementary financial        • Wireless prepaid subscribers are considered active for a period
measures (see “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”), are not            of 90 days from the date of their last revenue-generating usage.
measurements in accordance with IFRS. They include:
• subscriber counts;                                                     Subscriber count (Cable)
  • Wireless;                                                            • Cable retail Internet, Video, and Smart Home Monitoring
  • Cable; and                                                             subscribers are represented by a dwelling unit; Cable Home
  • homes passed (Cable);                                                  Phone subscribers are represented by line counts.
• Wireless subscriber churn (churn);                                     • When there is more than one unit in a single dwelling, such as an
• Wireless mobile phone average revenue per user (ARPU);                   apartment building, each tenant with cable service is counted as
• Cable average revenue per account (ARPA);                                an individual subscriber, whether the service is invoiced
• Cable customer relationships;                                            separately or included in the tenant’s rent. Institutional units,
• Cable market penetration (penetration);                                  such as hospitals or hotels, are each considered one subscriber.
• capital intensity;                                                     • Cable retail Internet, Video, Smart Home Monitoring, and Home
• total service revenue;                                                   Phone subscribers include only those subscribers who have
• dividend payout ratios; and                                              service installed and operating, and who are being billed
• return on assets.                                                        accordingly.
                                                                         • Subscriber counts exclude certain business services delivered
Effective January 1, 2022, we are disclosing mobile phone
                                                                           over our fibre network and data centre infrastructure, and circuit-
subscribers in Wireless, which represent devices with voice-only or
                                                                           switched local and long distance voice services and legacy data
voice-and-data plans. Our previous definition included devices on
                                                                           services where access is delivered using leased third-party
data-only plans and customers who subscribe to our wireless home
                                                                           network elements and tariffed ILEC services.
phone service. As a result, our definition of ARPU has also shifted to
mobile phone ARPU. We also no longer report blended ABPU
given the significant adoption of our wireless device financing          SUBSCRIBER CHURN
program resulting in this metric being less meaningful.                  Subscriber churn (churn) is a measure of the number of subscribers
                                                                         that deactivated during a period as a percentage of the total
In Cable, we have adjusted our definition of an Internet subscriber      subscriber base, usually calculated on a monthly basis. Subscriber
such that it only includes retail Internet subscribers, representing     churn measures our success in retaining our subscribers. We
customers who have Internet service installed and operating, and         calculate it by dividing the number of Wireless subscribers that
are being billed directly by us. Our previous definition included        deactivated (usually in a month) by the aggregate numbers of
third-party Internet access subscribers and Smart Home Monitoring        subscribers at the beginning of the period. When used or reported
subscribers. We also began reporting Video (consisting of Ignite TV      for a period greater than one month, subscriber churn represents
and legacy Television subscribers), Smart Home Monitoring, and           the sum of the number of subscribers deactivating for each period
Home Phone subscribers in separate categories.                           divided by the sum of the aggregate number of subscribers at the
We have updated our 2021 comparative subscriber results for the          beginning of each period.
impact of these changes. Our updated definitions are as follows:
                                                                         MOBILE PHONE AVERAGE REVENUE PER USER (WIRELESS)
SUBSCRIBER COUNTS                                                        Mobile phone ARPU helps us identify trends and measure our
We determine the number of subscribers to our services based on          success in attracting and retaining higher-value subscribers. Mobile
active subscribers. When subscribers are deactivated, either             phone ARPU is a supplementary financial measure. See
voluntarily or involuntarily for non-payment, they are considered        “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to
deactivations in the period the services are discontinued. We use        the composition of this measure.
subscriber counts to measure our core business performance and
ability to benefit from recurring revenue streams. We use homes          AVERAGE REVENUE PER ACCOUNT (CABLE)
passed (Cable) as a measure for our potential market penetration         Average revenue per account (ARPA) measures total average
within a defined geographical area.                                      spending by a single customer account on Cable products. We use
                                                                         it to identify trends and measure our success in attracting and
Subscriber count (Wireless)                                              retaining multiple-service accounts. ARPA is also a supplementary
• A wireless subscriber is represented by each identifiable              financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”
  telephone number.                                                      for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   83
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS                                                     TOTAL SERVICE REVENUE
         Customer relationships are represented by dwelling units where at          We use total service revenue to measure our core business
         least one of our Cable services (i.e. retail Internet, legacy television   performance from the provision of services to our customers
         or Ignite TV, and/or home phone) are installed and operating, and          separate from revenue generated from the sale of equipment we
         the service or services are billed accordingly. When there is more         have acquired from device manufacturers and resold. Included in
         than one unit in one dwelling, such as an apartment building, each         this metric is our retail revenue from Today’s Shopping Choice and
         tenant with at least one of our Cable services is counted as an            the Toronto Blue Jays, which are also core to our business. We
         individual customer relationship, whether the service is invoiced          calculate total service revenue by subtracting equipment revenue
         separately or included in the tenant’s rent. Institutional units, like     from total revenue.
         hospitals or hotels, are each considered one customer relationship.
                                                                                    DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIOS
         MARKET PENETRATION                                                         We calculate the dividend payout ratio by dividing dividends
         Market penetration (penetration) measures our success at                   declared for the year by net income or free cash flow for the year.
         attracting new households to our brands and products within our            We use dividends as a percentage of net income and free cash
         network footprint. Market penetration is calculated by dividing            flow to conduct analysis and assist with determining the dividends
         customer relationships by homes passed. An increasing market               we should pay. Dividend payout ratio of net income and dividend
         penetration rate reflects more new customer relationships than             payout ratio of free cash flow are also supplementary financial
         new homes passed.                                                          measures. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for an
                                                                                    explanation as to the composition of these measures.
         CAPITAL INTENSITY
         Capital intensity allows us to compare the level of our capital            RETURN ON ASSETS
         expenditures to that of other companies within the same industry.          We use return on assets to measure our efficiency in using our
         Our capital expenditures do not include expenditures on spectrum           assets to generate net income. Return on assets is also a
         licences or additions to right-of-use assets. We use it to evaluate the    supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other
         performance of our assets and when making decisions about                  Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this
         capital expenditures. We believe that certain investors and analysts       measure.
         use capital intensity to measure the performance of asset
         purchases and construction in relation to revenue. Capital intensity
         is also a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and
         Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition
         of this measure.




84   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
NON-GAAP AND OTHER FINANCIAL MEASURES
We use the following “non-GAAP financial measures” and other “specified financial measures” (each within the meaning of applicable
Canadian securities laws). These are reviewed regularly by management and the Board in assessing our performance and making
decisions regarding the ongoing operations of our business and its ability to generate cash flows. Some or all of these measures may also
be used by investors, lending institutions, and credit rating agencies as indicators of our operating performance, of our ability to incur and
service debt, and as measurements to value companies in the telecommunications sector. These are not standardized measures under
IFRS, so may not be reliable ways to compare us to other companies.

                                                                 Non-GAAP financial measures

                                                                                                                                                 Most directly
                                                                                                                                                 comparable
 Specified financial                                                                                                                             IFRS financial
 measure                How it is useful                                                              How we calculate it                        measure
 Adjusted net           • To assess the performance of our businesses before the effects of the       Net income                                 Net income
 income                   noted items, because they affect the comparability of our financial         add (deduct)
                          results and could potentially distort the analysis of trends in business    restructuring, acquisition and other;
                          performance. Excluding these items does not imply that they are             loss (recovery) on sale or wind down
                          non-recurring.                                                              of investments; loss (gain) on
                                                                                                      disposition of property, plant and
                                                                                                      equipment; (gain) on acquisitions;
                                                                                                      loss on non-controlling interest
                                                                                                      purchase obligations; loss on
                                                                                                      repayment of long-term debt; loss
                                                                                                      on bond forward derivatives; and
                                                                                                      income tax adjustments on these
                                                                                                      items, including adjustments as a
                                                                                                      result of legislative changes.
 Taxes paid and other   • To assess how much cash we pay in taxes and fees to federal,                Income taxes paid                          Income taxes paid
 government               provincial, and municipal governments.                                      add
 payments                                                                                             unrecoverable sales taxes paid;
                                                                                                      payroll taxes paid, regulatory and
                                                                                                      spectrum fees paid; and property
                                                                                                      and business taxes paid.
 Free cash flow         • To show how much cash we generate from our operations that is               Cash provided by operating                 Cash provided
 excluding Shaw           available to repay debt and reinvest in our company excluding the           activities                                 by operating
 financing                effect of the Shaw senior note financing, as it was issued for a specific   add (deduct)                               activities
                          purpose and does not contribute to our core business operations.            (capital expenditures); (interest on
                                                                                                      borrowings, net and capitalized
                                                                                                      interest); interest paid; restructuring,
                                                                                                      acquisition, and other; (program
                                                                                                      rights amortization); change in net
                                                                                                      operating assets and liabilities;
                                                                                                      interest on Shaw senior note
                                                                                                      financing; and (interest earned on
                                                                                                      restricted cash and cash equivalents).
 Adjusted net debt      • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze the components         Total long-term debt                       Long-term debt
 excluding Shaw           of our debt and cash balances while taking into account the impact          add (deduct)
 financing                of debt derivatives on our US dollar-denominated debt, excluding            current portion of long-term debt;
                          the cumulative effect of the Shaw senior note financing as it was           deferred transaction costs and
                          issued for the specific purpose of funding the Shaw Transaction,            discounts; net debt derivative
                          which has not yet closed.                                                   (assets) liabilities associated with
                                                                                                      issued debt; credit risk adjustment
                                                                                                      related to net debt derivatives;
                                                                                                      current portion of lease liabilities;
                                                                                                      lease liabilities; bank advances (cash
                                                                                                      and cash equivalents); short-term
                                                                                                      borrowings; and (restricted cash
                                                                                                      and cash equivalents);
                                                                                                      add (deduct)
                                                                                                      (Shaw senior note financing);
                                                                                                      restricted cash and cash
                                                                                                      equivalents; net debt derivative
                                                                                                      assets (liabilities) related to Shaw
                                                                                                      senior note financing; (deferred
                                                                                                      transaction costs paid related to
                                                                                                      Shaw senior note financing); interest
                                                                                                      income on restricted cash and cash
                                                                                                      equivalents; and (interest paid on
                                                                                                      Shaw senior note financing).




                                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   85
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                          Non-GAAP financial measures

                                                                                                                                                         Most directly
                                                                                                                                                         comparable
          Specified financial                                                                                                                            IFRS financial
          measure                How it is useful                                                             How we calculate it                        measure
          Capital expenditures   • To show how much capital investment we make to enhance our core            Capital expenditures                       Capital expenditures
          excluding Shaw           business assets, excluding the effect of integration-related capital       deduct
                                   expenditures in preparation for the Shaw Transaction, as they are for      capital expenditures related to
                                   a specific purpose and do not yet contribute to our core business          Shaw integration activities.
                                   operations.
          Free cash flow         • To show how much cash we generate from our operations that is              Cash provided by operating                 Cash provided
          excluding Shaw           available to repay debt and reinvest in our company excluding the          activities                                 by operating
                                   effect of the Shaw senior note financing and integration-related           add (deduct)                               activities
                                   capital expenditures in preparation for the Shaw Transaction, as they      (capital expenditures); (interest on
                                   are for a specific purpose and do not yet contribute to our core           borrowings, net and capitalized
                                   business operations.                                                       interest); interest paid; restructuring,
                                                                                                              acquisition, and other; (program
                                                                                                              rights amortization); change in net
                                                                                                              operating assets and liabilities;
                                                                                                              interest on Shaw senior note
                                                                                                              financing; (interest earned on
                                                                                                              restricted cash and cash
                                                                                                              equivalents); and capital
                                                                                                              expenditures related to Shaw
                                                                                                              integration activities.


                                                                                 Non-GAAP ratios

          Specified financial
          measure                How it is useful                                                        How we calculate it

          Adjusted basic         • To assess the performance of our businesses before the effects        Adjusted net income
          earnings per             of the noted items, because they affect the comparability of our      divided by
          share                    financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of       basic weighted average shares outstanding.
                                   trends in business performance. Excluding these items does not
          Adjusted diluted         imply that they are non-recurring.                                    Adjusted net income including the dilutive effect of stock-based
          earnings per                                                                                   compensation
          share                                                                                          divided by
                                                                                                         diluted weighted average shares outstanding.
          Debt leverage ratio    • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our ability to   Adjusted net debt excluding Shaw financing (defined above)
          excluding Shaw           service our debt obligations, excluding the effect of specific        divided by
          financing                Shaw senior note financing as it was issued for a specific            12-month trailing adjusted EBITDA.
                                   purpose and does not reflect our ability to service our core
                                   business debt obligations.


                                                                            Total of segments measures

          Specified financial
          measure                  Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure

          Adjusted EBITDA          Net income


                                                                         Capital management measures

          Specified financial
          measure                  How it is useful

          Free cash flow           • To show how much cash we generate that is available to repay debt and reinvest in our company, which is an important indicator of
                                     our financial strength and performance.
                                   • We believe that some investors and analysts use free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets.
          Adjusted net debt        • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our debt and cash balances while taking into account the impact of debt
                                     derivatives on our US dollar-denominated debt.
          Debt leverage ratio      • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our ability to service our debt obligations.
          Available liquidity      • To help determine if we are able to meet all of our commitments, to execute our business plan, and to mitigate the risk of economic
                                     downturns.




86   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                 Supplementary financial measures

 Specified financial
 measure                   How we calculate it

 Adjusted EBITDA           Adjusted EBITDA
 margin                    divided by
                           revenue.
 Wireless mobile           Wireless service revenue
 phone average             divided by
 revenue per user          average total number of Wireless mobile phone subscribers for the relevant period.
 (ARPU)
 Cable average             Cable service revenue
 revenue per account       divided by
 (ARPA)                    average total number of customer relationships for the relevant period.
 Capital intensity         Capital expenditures
                           divided by
                           revenue.
 Return on assets          Net income
                           divided by
                           total assets.
 Dividend payout           Dividends declared
 ratio of net income       divided by
                           net income.
 Dividend payout           Dividends declared for the year
 ratio of free cash flow   divided by
                           free cash flow (defined above).



RECONCILIATION OF CAPITAL EXPENDITURES EXCLUDING                                   RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW, FREE CASH FLOW
SHAW                                                                               EXCLUDING SHAW FINANCING, AND FREE CASH FLOW
                                                    Years ended December 31
                                                                                   EXCLUDING SHAW
                                                                                                                                               Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                                     2022         2021

Capital expenditures                                         3,075        2,788    (In millions of dollars)                                            2022            2021
Deduct:                                                                            Cash provided by operating activities                               4,493          4,161
   Capital expenditures related to Shaw                                            Add (deduct):
     integration activities                                    (42)           –          Capital expenditures                                         (3,075)         (2,788)
Capital expenditures excluding Shaw                          3,033        2,788          Interest on borrowings, net and capitalized
                                                                                            interest                                                  (1,090)           (728)
                                                                                         Interest paid                                                 1,054             802
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                        Restructuring, acquisition and other                            310             324
                                                                                         Program rights amortization                                     (61)            (68)
                                                    Years ended December 31              Change in net operating assets and liabilities                  152             (37)
(In millions of dollars)                                     2022         2021           Other adjustments 1                                             (10)              5

Net income                                                   1,680        1,558    Free cash flow                                                      1,773          1,671
Add (deduct):                                                                      Add (deduct):
   Income tax expense                                          609          569          Interest on Shaw senior note financing                          447               –
   Other (income) expense                                      (15)           2          Interest earned on restricted cash and cash
   Finance costs                                             1,233          849             equivalents                                                 (235)              –
   Restructuring, acquisition and other                        310          324    Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                             1,985          1,671
   Depreciation and amortization                             2,576        2,585        Add:
Adjusted EBITDA                                              6,393        5,887          Capital expenditures related to Shaw integration
                                                                                           activities                                                     42               –

                                                                                   Free cash flow excluding Shaw                                       2,027          1,671
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME
                                                                                   1   Other adjustments consists of post-employment benefit contributions, net of
                                                    Years ended December 31
                                                                                       expense, cash flows relating to other operating activities, and other (income) expense
(In millions of dollars)                                     2022         2021         from our financial statements.

Net income                                                   1,680        1,558
Add (deduct):
   Restructuring, acquisition and other                       310          324
   Income tax impact of above items                           (75)         (79)

Adjusted net income                                          1,915        1,803




                                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                  |   87
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS OF LONG-TERM DEBT GUARANTOR
         Our outstanding public debt, amounts drawn on our $5.1 billion bank credit and letter of credit facilities, and derivatives are unsecured
         obligations of RCI, as obligor, and RCCI, as either co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable.

         The selected unaudited consolidating summary financial information for RCI for the periods identified below, presented with a separate
         column for: (i) RCI, (ii) RCCI, (iii) our non-guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) the total
         consolidated amounts, is set forth as follows:

         Years ended December 31                                                                                                 Non-guarantor           Consolidating
         (unaudited)                                                                   RCI 1                  RCCI 1              subsidiaries 1         adjustments 1                 Total

         (In millions of dollars)                                                 2022         2021       2022         2021      2022        2021         2022        2021        2022         2021
         Selected Statements of Income data measure:
             Revenue                                                                  –            –    13,200      12,769       2,386       2,073        (190)        (187)    15,396      14,655
             Net income (loss)                                                    1,680        1,558     1,529       1,528         360         105      (1,889)      (1,633)     1,680       1,558


         As at December 31                                                                                                       Non-guarantor           Consolidating
         (unaudited)                                                                   RCI 1                 RCCI 1,2             subsidiaries 1         adjustments 1                 Total

         (In millions of dollars)                                                 2022         2021       2022         2021      2022        2021         2022        2021        2022         2021
         Selected Statements of Financial Position data measure:
             Current assets                                                     47,197      29,982      33,845      28,825       9,991     10,089      (71,750)    (63,067)     19,283       5,829
             Non-current assets                                                 34,499      33,290      30,135      28,959       3,853      3,717      (32,115)    (29,832)     36,372      36,134
             Current liabilities                                                36,902      30,993      37,051      32,942       8,972      9,378      (73,376)    (64,694)      9,549       8,619
             Non-current liabilities                                            31,890      18,943       5,302       4,960         188        181       (1,366)     (1,272)     36,014      22,812
         1   For the purposes of this table, investments in subsidiary companies are accounted for by the equity method.
         2   Amounts recorded in current liabilities and non-current liabilities for RCCI do not include any obligations arising as a result of being a guarantor or co-obligor, as the case may be,
             under any of RCI’s long-term debt.




88   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                                             As at or years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars, except per share amounts, subscriber count
results, churn, ARPU, ARPA, percentages, and ratios)                                                       2022                      2021                      2020                     2019                     2018 1
Revenue
    Wireless                                                                                               9,197                     8,768                     8,530                    9,250                     9,200
    Cable                                                                                                  4,071                     4,072                     3,946                    3,954                     3,932
    Media                                                                                                  2,277                     1,975                     1,606                    2,072                     2,168
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                           (149)                     (160)                     (166)                    (203)                     (204)
Total revenue                                                                                             15,396                    14,655                    13,916                   15,073                    15,096
Total service revenue                                                                                     13,305                    12,533                    11,955                   12,965                    12,974
Adjusted EBITDA
    Wireless                                                                                               4,469                     4,214                     4,067                    4,345                     4,090
    Cable                                                                                                  2,058                     2,013                     1,935                    1,919                     1,874
    Media                                                                                                     69                      (127)                       51                      140                       196
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                           (203)                     (213)                     (196)                    (192)                     (177)

Total adjusted EBITDA                                                                                      6,393                     5,887                     5,857                    6,212                     5,983

Net income                                                                                                 1,680                     1,558                     1,592                    2,043                     2,059
Adjusted net income                                                                                        1,915                     1,803                     1,725                    2,135                     2,241
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                      4,493                     4,161                     4,321                    4,526                     4,288
Free cash flow                                                                                             1,773                     1,671                     2,366                    2,278                     2,134
Free cash flow excluding Shaw financing                                                                    1,985                     1,671                     2,366                    2,278                     2,134
Capital expenditures                                                                                       3,075                     2,788                     2,312                    2,807                     2,790
Earnings per share
    Basic                                                                                             $     3.33                $     3.09                $     3.15               $     3.99                $     4.00
    Diluted                                                                                           $     3.32                $     3.07                $     3.13               $     3.97                $     3.99
Adjusted earnings per share
    Basic                                                                                             $     3.79                $     3.57                $     3.42               $     4.17                $     4.35
    Diluted                                                                                           $     3.78                $     3.56                $     3.40               $     4.15                $     4.34
Statements of Financial Position:
     Assets
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                    15,574                    14,666                    14,018                   13,934                    11,780
         Goodwill                                                                                          4,031                     4,024                     3,973                    3,923                     3,905
         Intangible assets                                                                                12,251                    12,281                     8,926                    8,905                     7,205
         Investments                                                                                       2,088                     2,493                     2,536                    2,830                     2,134
         Other assets                                                                                     21,711                     8,499                     9,401                    7,427                     6,894

       Total assets                                                                                       55,655                    41,963                    38,854                   37,019                    31,918

       Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity
            Long-term liabilities                                                                         36,014                    22,812                    22,695                   21,639                    16,903
            Current liabilities                                                                            9,549                     8,619                     6,586                    5,964                     6,836
            Total liabilities                                                                             45,563                    31,431                    29,281                   27,603                    23,739
            Shareholders’ equity                                                                          10,092                    10,532                     9,573                    9,416                     8,179

       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                         55,655                    41,963                    38,854                   37,019                    31,918

Subscriber count results (in thousands) 2
    Wireless mobile phone subscribers 3                                                                   10,647                    10.013                       n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Retail Internet subscribers 3,4                                                                        2,284                     2,229                       n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Video subscribers 3,4                                                                                  1,525                     1,491                       n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Smart Home Monitoring subscribers 3,4                                                                    101                       113                       n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Home Phone subscribers 3,4                                                                               836                       911                       n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Customer relationships 3,4                                                                             2,590                     2,581                     2,530                    2,510                       n/a
Additional Wireless metrics 2
    Postpaid mobile phone churn (monthly) 3                                                             0.90%                     0.88%                          n/a                      n/a                       n/a
    Mobile phone ARPU (monthly) 3                                                                     $ 57.89                   $ 56.83                          n/a                      n/a                       n/a
Additional Cable metrics
   ARPA (monthly) 3                                                                                   $130.12                   $132.58                   $130.70                  $131.71                          n/a
   Penetration 3                                                                                        53.9%                     54.9%                     55.3%                    56.1%                          n/a
Additional consolidated metrics
   Revenue growth                                                                                         5%                        5%                      (8)%                       —%                        —%
   Adjusted EBITDA growth                                                                                 9%                        1%                      (6)%                       4%                        9%
   Dividends declared per share                                                                       $ 2.00                    $ 2.00                    $ 2.00                   $ 2.00                    $ 1.92
    Dividend payout ratio of net income 2                                                              60.1%                     64.8%                     63.4%                    50.0%                     48.0%
   Dividend payout ratio of free cash flow 2                                                           57.0%                     60.4%                     42.7%                    44.9%                     55.8%
   Return on assets 2                                                                                   3.0%                      3.7%                      4.1%                     5.5%                      6.5%
   Debt leverage ratio                                                                                    3.5                       3.4                       3.0                      2.9                       2.5
   Debt leverage ratio excluding Shaw financing                                                           3.1                       3.4                       3.0                      2.9                       2.5
1   2018 reported figures have not been restated applying IFRS 16.
2   As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
3   Customer relationships, ARPA, and penetration have not been presented for periods prior to 2019. We commenced using the aforementioned measures as key performance indicators in the first quarter of 2020.
    Wireless mobile phone subscribers, retail Internet subscribers, Video subscribers, Smart Home Monitoring subscribers, Home Phone subscribers, postpaid mobile phone churn, and mobile phone ARPU have not
    been presented for periods prior to 2021. We commenced using the aforementioned measures as key performance indicators in the first quarter of 2022, and updated our 2021 comparative subscriber results.
    See “Key Performance Indicators”.
4   On September 30, 2020, we acquired approximately 2,000 retail Internet subscribers and customer relationships as a result of our acquisition of Ruralwave Inc. On October 1, 2020, we acquired approximately
    5,000 retail Internet subscribers and 6,000 customer relationships as a result of our acquisition of Cable Cable Inc. On September 1, 2021, we acquired approximately 18,000 retail Internet subscribers and
    20,000 customer relationships as a result of our acquisition of Seaside Communications. On March 16, 2022, we acquired approximately 3,000 retail Internet subscribers, 2,000 Video subscribers, 1,000 Home
    Phone subscribers, and 3,000 customer relationships as a result of our acquisition of a small regional cable company in Nova Scotia. None of these subscribers are included in net additions, but they do appear in
    the ending total balance for the respective years and thereafter.




                                                                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                             |   89
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting
         December 31, 2022
         The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Rogers               Board of Directors carries out this responsibility through its Audit
         Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries and all the information in        and Risk Committee.
         Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are the
                                                                                    The Audit and Risk Committee meets regularly with management,
         responsibility of management and have been approved by the
                                                                                    as well as the internal and external auditors, to discuss internal
         Board of Directors.
                                                                                    control over the financial reporting process, auditing matters, and
         Management has prepared the consolidated financial statements              financial reporting issues; to satisfy itself that each party is properly
         in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as          discharging its responsibilities; and to review MD&A, the
         issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The                consolidated financial statements, and the external auditors’
         consolidated financial statements include certain amounts that are         reports. The Audit and Risk Committee reports its findings to the
         based on management’s best estimates and judgments and, in                 Board of Directors for its consideration when approving the
         their opinion, present fairly, in all material respects, Rogers            consolidated financial statements for issuance to the shareholders.
         Communications Inc.’s financial position, results of operations, and       The Audit and Risk Committee also considers the engagement or
         cash flows. Management has prepared the financial information              re-appointment of the external auditors before submitting its
         presented elsewhere in MD&A and has ensured that it is consistent          recommendation to the Board of Directors for review and for
         with the consolidated financial statements.                                shareholder approval.

         Management has developed and maintains a system of internal                The consolidated financial statements have been audited by KPMG
         controls that further enhances the integrity of the consolidated           LLP, the external auditors, in accordance with the standards of the
         financial statements. The system of internal controls is supported by      Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) on
         the internal audit function and includes management                        behalf of the shareholders. Our internal control over financial
         communication to employees about its policies on ethical business          reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG
         conduct.                                                                   LLP, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
                                                                                    Accountability Oversight Board (United States). KPMG LLP has full
         Management believes these internal controls provide reasonable
                                                                                    and free access to the Audit and Risk Committee.
         assurance that:
         • transactions are properly authorized and recorded;
                                                                                    March 9, 2023
         • financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for the
           preparation of consolidated financial statements; and
         • the assets of Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries are
           properly accounted for and safeguarded.

         The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing management’s
         responsibility for financial reporting and is ultimately responsible for   Tony Staffieri                            Glenn Brandt
         reviewing and approving the consolidated financial statements. The         President and Chief Executive Officer     Chief Financial Officer




90   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Rogers                     Critical Audit Matter
Communications Inc.                                                      The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
                                                                         from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements                         statements that was communicated or required to be
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of              communicated to the Audit and Risk Committee and that:
financial position of Rogers Communications Inc. (the Company) as        (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated                  consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in                   challenging,     subjective,  or    complex        judgments.  The
shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the        communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes           our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
(collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,   whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material    below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,       on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
2022 and 2021, and its financial performance and its cash flows for
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,              Recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill in the Media
2022, in conformity with International Financial Reporting               segment
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards            As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Board.                                                                   Company tests goodwill for impairment once per year as of
                                                                         October 1, or more frequently if they identify indicators of
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
                                                                         impairment. Goodwill is impaired if the recoverable amount of a
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
                                                                         cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of cash-generating units
(PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
                                                                         (CGUs) that contain goodwill is less than the carrying amount. The
of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal
                                                                         Company makes judgments in determining CGUs and the
Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
                                                                         allocation of goodwill for the purpose of impairment testing.
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our
                                                                         Goodwill is monitored at an operating segment level in the Media
report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on
                                                                         segment. The goodwill balance in the Media segment as of
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
                                                                         December 31, 2022 was $969 million. A number of businesses
reporting.
                                                                         within the Company’s Media segment are partially reliant on
                                                                         traditional advertising revenues, are subject to a highly competitive
Basis for Opinion                                                        environment and continue to have profitability challenges due to
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of        declining advertising revenue growth rates and increasing costs of
the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an            producing and/or providing content. The estimate of the
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our          recoverable amount, which is determined based on the higher of
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB        fair value less costs to sell and value in use, is based on significant
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company           estimates developed by the Company relating to future cash flows,
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the              the terminal growth rate, and the discount rate applied in its
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange          valuation model.
Commission and the PCAOB.
                                                                         We identified the assessment of the recoverability of the carrying
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the          value of goodwill in the Media segment as a critical audit matter.
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the              There was a high degree of auditor judgment applied in assessing
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the                   the level at which goodwill was tested and in evaluating the key
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,     assumptions used in the valuation models, which included the
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing            CGUs’ future cash flows, the discount rate and the terminal growth
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the           rate.
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such              The following are the primary procedures we performed to address
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence                 this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated                operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the            Company’s impairment testing process, including controls related
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by             to the determination that goodwill should be tested at the Media
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the        segment level and the key assumptions used in estimating the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits            recoverable amount of the Media segment. We compared the
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.                              Company’s historical cash flow forecasts to actual results achieved




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   91
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         to assess the Company’s ability to accurately forecast financial
         results. We compared the cash flow forecasts used to estimate the
         recoverable amount to approved plans. We assessed the
         assumptions used to determine the Media segment’s future cash
         flows by comparing to underlying documentation and external
         market and relevant industry data. We involved valuation
         professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in
         evaluating the discount rate, by comparing the Company’s inputs
         to the discount rate to publicly available data for comparable
         entities, independently developing a range of reasonable discount
         rates and comparing those to the Company’s rate, and the terminal
         growth rate for the Media segment, by comparing to underlying
         documentation and publicly available market data. We performed
         sensitivity analyses over the Company’s key assumptions used to
         determine the recoverable amount to assess the impact of changes
         in those assumptions on the Company’s determination of the
         recoverable amount.




         Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
         We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1969.
         Toronto, Canada
         March 9, 2023




92   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Rogers                     internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
Communications Inc.                                                      material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial
                                                                         reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                     over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
We have audited Rogers Communications Inc.’s internal control over       exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria           effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued     audit also included performing such other procedures as we
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway             considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
Commission. In our opinion, Rogers Communications Inc. (the              audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on       Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)   Reporting
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the               A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
Treadway Commission.                                                     designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
                                                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
                                                                         external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
                                                                         accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
(PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial position of the
                                                                         reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
                                                                         the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
                                                                         and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the
                                                                         the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the
                                                                         are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements),
                                                                         statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified
                                                                         principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
                                                                         being made only in accordance with authorizations of
                                                                         management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
Basis for Opinion
                                                                         reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining
                                                                         unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
                                                                         assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included under the heading Management’s Report on             Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
Internal Control over Financial Reporting contained within               reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the year ended                  projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
December 31, 2022. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on        subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on         of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the           policies or procedures may deteriorate.
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the           Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the              Toronto, Canada
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective             March 9, 2023




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   93
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Income
         (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)




         Years ended December 31                                                                 Note           2022          2021
         Revenue                                                                                      5        15,396        14,655
         Operating expenses:
             Operating costs                                                                           6        9,003         8,768
             Depreciation and amortization                                                       7, 8, 9        2,576         2,585
             Restructuring, acquisition and other                                                    10           310           324
         Finance costs                                                                               11         1,233           849
         Other (income) expense                                                                      12           (15)            2

         Income before income tax expense                                                                       2,289         2,127
         Income tax expense                                                                         13            609           569

         Net income for the year                                                                                1,680         1,558

         Earnings per share:
             Basic                                                                                  14     $     3.33    $     3.09
             Diluted                                                                                14     $     3.32    $     3.07

         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




94   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income




                                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                                            Note           2022            2021
Net income for the year                                                                                           1,680           1,558

Other comprehensive (loss) income:

Items that will not be reclassified to net income:
    Defined benefit pension plans:
         Remeasurements                                                                               23            293             592
         Related income tax expense                                                                                 (78)           (157)
      Defined benefit pension plans                                                                                 215             435

      Equity investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI):
          (Decrease) increase in fair value                                                           18           (349)             10
          Related income tax recovery (expense)                                                                      47              (3)
      Equity investments measured at FVTOCI                                                                        (302)              7
Items that will not be reclassified to net income                                                                   (87)            442

Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income:
    Cash flow hedging derivative instruments:
         Unrealized gain (loss) in fair value of derivative instruments                                             115            (210)
         Reclassification to net income of (gain) loss on debt derivatives                                       (1,215)             50
         Reclassification to net income or property, plant and equipment of (gain) loss on
            expenditure derivatives                                                                                 (19)            100
         Reclassification to net income for accrued interest                                                        (16)            (15)
         Related income tax recovery                                                                                102              42
      Cash flow hedging derivative instruments                                                                   (1,033)            (33)
      Share of other comprehensive income of equity-accounted investments, net of tax                                10               2
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income                                                        (1,023)            (31)
Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year                                                                   (1,110)            411
Comprehensive income for the year                                                                                   570           1,969

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   95
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
         (In millions of Canadian dollars)




                                                                                                                        As at         As at
                                                                                                                  December 31   December 31
                                                                                                         Note           2022          2021
         Assets
         Current assets:
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    463           715
             Restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                           17         12,837             —
             Accounts receivable                                                                            15          4,184         3,847
             Inventories                                                                                    16            438           535
             Current portion of contract assets                                                              5            111           115
             Other current assets                                                                            5            561           497
             Current portion of derivative instruments                                                      17            689           120
         Total current assets                                                                                          19,283         5,829
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                     7, 8        15,574        14,666
         Intangible assets                                                                                    9        12,251        12,281
         Investments                                                                                        18          2,088         2,493
         Derivative instruments                                                                             17            861         1,431
         Financing receivables                                                                              15            886           854
         Other long-term assets                                                                               5           681           385
         Goodwill                                                                                             9         4,031         4,024
         Total assets                                                                                                  55,655        41,963

         Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
         Current liabilities:
             Short-term borrowings                                                                          19          2,985         2,200
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                   3,722         3,416
             Income tax payable                                                                                             —           115
             Other current liabilities                                                                  17, 20            252           607
             Contract liabilities                                                                            5            400           394
             Current portion of long-term debt                                                              21          1,828         1,551
             Current portion of lease liabilities                                                            8            362           336
         Total current liabilities                                                                                      9,549         8,619
         Provisions                                                                                         20             53            50
         Long-term debt                                                                                     21         29,905        17,137
         Lease liabilities                                                                                   8          1,666         1,621
         Other long-term liabilities                                                                        22            738           565
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                           13          3,652         3,439
         Total liabilities                                                                                             45,563        31,431
         Shareholders’ equity                                                                               24         10,092        10,532
         Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                    55,655        41,963

         Guarantees                                                                                          27
         Commitments and contingent liabilities                                                              28
         Subsequent events                                                                       19, 21, 24, 30

         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

         On behalf of the Board of Directors:




         Edward S. Rogers                                        Robert J. Gemmell
         Director                                                Director



96   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity




                                                                                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except number of shares)




                                                                   Class A                   Class B
                                                                Voting Shares           Non-Voting Shares

                                                                     Number           Number                FVTOCI               Equity        Total
                                                                     of shares        of shares Retained investment Hedging investment shareholders’
Year ended December 31, 2022                                  Amount    (000s) Amount    (000s) earnings     reserve reserve    reserve      equity
Balances, January 1, 2022                                            71 111,153             397 393,772     8,912          993      161         (2)     10,532
Net income for the year                                               —           —           —        —    1,680            —         —        —        1,680
Other comprehensive income (loss):
    Defined benefit pension plans, net of tax                         —           —           —        —      215            —        —         —          215
    FVTOCI investments, net of tax                                    —           —           —        —        —         (302)       —         —         (302)
    Derivative instruments accounted for as
      hedges, net of tax                                              —           —           —        —         —           —    (1,033)       —        (1,033)
    Share of equity-accounted investments, net
      of tax                                                          —           —           —        —         —           —        —        10           10
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                               —           —           —        —      215         (302)   (1,033)      10        (1,110)
Comprehensive income (loss) for the year                              —           —           —        —    1,895         (302)   (1,033)      10          570
Reclassification to retained earnings for
  disposition of FVTOCI investments                                   —           —           —        —       19          (19)       —         —            —
Transactions with shareholders recorded directly
  in equity:
         Dividends declared                                           —           —           —        —    (1,010)          —        —         —        (1,010)
         Share class exchange                                         —          (1)          —        1         —           —        —         —             —
Total transactions with shareholders                                  —          (1)          —        1    (1,010)          —         —        —        (1,010)
Balances, December 31, 2022                                         71 111,152              397 393,773     9,816         672      (872)        8       10,092


                                                                   Class A                   Class B
                                                                Voting Shares           Non-Voting Shares

                                                                     Number           Number                FVTOCI               Equity        Total
                                                                     of shares        of shares Retained investment Hedging investment shareholders’
Year ended December 31, 2021                                  Amount    (000s) Amount    (000s) earnings     reserve reserve    reserve      equity
Balances, January 1, 2021                                            71 111,154             397 393,771     7,916          999      194         (4)      9,573
Net income for the period                                             —           —           —        —    1,558            —        —         —        1,558
Other comprehensive income (loss):
    Defined benefit pension plans, net of tax                         —           —           —        —      435            —        —         —          435
    FVTOCI investments, net of tax                                    —           —           —        —        —            7        —         —            7
    Derivative instruments accounted for as
      hedges, net of tax                                              —           —           —        —        —            —       (33)       —           (33)
    Share of equity-accounted investments, net
      of tax                                                          —           —           —        —        —            —        —         2             2
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                               —           —           —        —      435            7       (33)       2          411
Comprehensive income (loss) for the year                              —           —           —        —    1,993            7       (33)       2        1,969
Reclassification to retained earnings for
  disposition of FVTOCI investments                                   —           —           —        —       13          (13)       —         —            —
Transactions with shareholders recorded directly
  in equity:
         Dividends declared                                           —           —           —        —    (1,010)          —        —         —        (1,010)
         Share class exchange                                         —          (1)          —        1         —           —        —         —             —
Total transactions with shareholders                                  —          (1)          —        1    (1,010)          —        —         —        (1,010)
Balances, December 31, 2021                                          71 111,153             397 393,772     8,912          993      161         (2)     10,532

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                    2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   97
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
         (In millions of Canadian dollars)




         Years ended December 31                                                                        Note            2022            2021
         Operating activities:
            Net income for the year                                                                                    1,680           1,558
            Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:
                 Depreciation and amortization                                                          7, 8, 9        2,576           2,585
                 Program rights amortization                                                                  9           61              68
                 Finance costs                                                                              11         1,233             849
                 Income tax expense                                                                         13           609             569
                 Post-employment benefits contributions, net of expense                                     23            19              (5)
                 Other                                                                                                   (24)              2
               Cash provided by operating activities before changes in net operating assets and
                  liabilities, income taxes paid, and interest paid                                                    6,154           5,626
               Change in net operating assets and liabilities                                              29           (152)             37
               Income taxes paid                                                                                        (455)           (700)
               Interest paid, net                                                                                     (1,054)           (802)
         Cash provided by operating activities                                                                         4,493           4,161
         Investing activities:
              Capital expenditures                                                                           7        (3,075)         (2,788)
              Additions to program rights                                                                    9           (47)            (54)
              Changes in non-cash working capital related to capital expenditures and intangible
                 assets                                                                                                 (200)             67
              Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, net of cash acquired                            9            (9)         (3,404)
              Other                                                                                                       68              46
         Cash used in investing activities                                                                            (3,263)         (6,133)
         Financing activities:
             Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                              19            707             971
             Net issuance of long-term debt                                                                21         12,711             550
             Net payments on settlement of debt derivatives and forward contracts                          17            (11)             (8)
             Transaction costs incurred                                                                    21           (726)            (31)
             Principal payments of lease liabilities                                                        8           (316)           (269)
             Dividends paid                                                                                24         (1,010)         (1,010)
         Cash provided by financing activities                                                                        11,355             203

         Change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents                                 12,585          (1,769)
         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                         715           2,484
         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period                            13,300             715

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       463             715
         Restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                              17         12,837               —
         Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period                            13,300             715

         Cash and cash equivalents are defined as cash and short-term deposits that have an original maturity of less than 90 days, less bank
         advances.
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




98   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
  Page                Note                                                Page               Note
 99       Note 1      Nature of the Business                              119     Note 17    Financial Risk Management and
 100      Note 2      Significant Accounting Policies                                        Financial Instruments
 102      Note 3      Capital Risk Management                             129     Note 18    Investments
 104      Note 4      Segmented Information                               130     Note 19    Short-Term Borrowings
 106      Note 5      Revenue                                             133     Note 20    Provisions
 109      Note 6      Operating Costs                                     134     Note 21    Long-Term Debt
 109      Note 7      Property, Plant and Equipment                       137     Note 22    Other Long-Term Liabilities
 111      Note 8      Leases                                              138     Note 23    Post-Employment Benefits
 112      Note 9      Intangible Assets and Goodwill                      141     Note 24    Shareholders’ Equity
 116      Note 10     Restructuring, Acquisition and Other                142     Note 25    Stock-Based Compensation
 116      Note 11     Finance Costs                                       144     Note 26    Related Party Transactions
 116      Note 12     Other (Income) Expense                              145     Note 27    Guarantees
 117      Note 13     Income Taxes                                        146     Note 28    Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
 118      Note 14     Earnings Per Share                                  148     Note 29    Supplemental Cash Flow Information
 119      Note 15     Accounts Receivable                                 148     Note 30    Shaw Transaction
 119      Note 16     Inventories


NOTE 1: NATURE OF THE BUSINESS
Rogers Communications Inc. is a diversified Canadian                      During the year ended December 31, 2022, Wireless and Cable
communications and media company. Substantially all of our                were operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Rogers
operations and sales are in Canada. RCI is incorporated in Canada         Communications Canada Inc. (RCCI), and certain other wholly
and its registered office is located at 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto,   owned subsidiaries. Media was operated by our wholly owned
Ontario, M4W 1G9. RCI’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto         subsidiary, Rogers Media Inc., and its subsidiaries.
Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock
                                                                          See note 4 for more information about our reportable operating
Exchange (NYSE: RCI).
                                                                          segments.
We, us, our, Rogers, Rogers Communications, and the Company
refer to Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries. RCI refers      BUSINESS SEASONALITY
to the legal entity Rogers Communications Inc., not including its         Our operating results generally vary from quarter to quarter as a
subsidiaries. Rogers also holds interests in various investments and      result of changes in general economic conditions and seasonal
ventures.                                                                 fluctuations, among other things, in each of our reportable
We report our results of operations in three reportable segments.         segments. This means our results in one quarter are not necessarily
Each segment and the nature of its business is as follows:                indicative of how we will perform in a future quarter. Wireless,
                                                                          Cable, and Media each have unique seasonal aspects to, and
  Segment               Principal activities                              certain other historical trends in, their businesses, which are
                                                                          described below. Fluctuations in net income from quarter to
  Wireless              Wireless telecommunications operations            quarter can also be attributed to losses on the repayment of debt,
                        for Canadian consumers and businesses.            other income and expenses, impairment of assets, restructuring,
  Cable                 Cable telecommunications operations,              acquisition and other costs, and changes in income tax expense.
                        including Internet, television and other          COVID-19 affected our operating results in 2021 in addition to the
                        video (Video), telephony (Home Phone),            typical seasonal fluctuations in our business that are described
                        and smart home monitoring services for            below. In Wireless, the reduced customer travel due to global travel
                        Canadian consumers and businesses, and            restrictions resulted in lower-than-pre-pandemic roaming revenue.
                        network connectivity through our fibre            In Media, due to postponed and condensed NBA and NHL
                        network and data centre assets to support         seasons, sports-related revenue and expenses, such as
                        a range of voice, data, networking,
                                                                          programming rights amortization, were recognized at different
                        hosting, and cloud-based services for the
                                                                          points in time than is typical. Furthermore, the Toronto Blue Jays
                        business, public sector, and carrier
                                                                          being able to allow limited game-day attendance impacted
                        wholesale markets.
                                                                          revenue and operating expenses. In 2022, COVID-19 did not have
  Media                 A diversified portfolio of media properties,      a material impact on our operating results.
                        including sports media and entertainment,
                        television and radio broadcasting,
                        specialty channels, multi-platform
                        shopping, and digital media.




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   99
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Wireless                                                                  • the Major League Baseball season, where:
         Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of our              • games played are concentrated in the spring, summer, and
         marketing and promotional expenditures and higher levels of                   fall months (generally the second and third quarters of the
         subscriber additions, resulting in higher subscriber acquisition- and         year);
         activation-related expenses, typically in the third and fourth              • revenue related to game day ticket sales, merchandise sales,
         quarters. The third and fourth quarters typically experience higher           and advertising is concentrated when games are played, with
         volumes of activity as a result of “back to school” and holiday               postseason games commanding a premium in advertising
         season-related consumer behaviour. Aggressive promotional offers              revenue and additional revenue from game day ticket sales
         are often advertised during these periods. In contrast, we typically          and merchandise sales, if and when the Toronto Blue Jays play
         see lower subscriber-related activity in the first quarter of the year.       in the postseason (in the fourth quarter of the year); and
                                                                                     • programming and production costs and player payroll are
         The launch of new products and services, including popular new
                                                                                       expensed based on the number of games aired or played, as
         wireless device models, can also affect the level of subscriber
                                                                                       applicable; and
         activity. Highly anticipated device launches typically occur in the
                                                                                   • the National Hockey League (NHL) season, where:
         spring and fall seasons of each year. Wireless roaming revenue is
                                                                                     • regular season games are concentrated in the fall and winter
         dependent on customer travel volumes and timing, which in turn
                                                                                       months (generally the first and fourth quarters of the year) and
         are affected by the foreign exchange rate of the Canadian dollar
                                                                                       playoff games are concentrated in the spring months
         and general economic conditions.
                                                                                       (generally the second quarter of the year). We expect a
                                                                                       correlation between the quality of revenue and earnings and
         Cable                                                                         the extent of Canadian teams’ presence during the playoffs;
         Cable operating results are affected by modest seasonal                     • programming and production costs are expensed based on
         fluctuations, typically caused by:                                            the timing of when the rights are aired or are expected to be
         • university and college students who live in temporary residences:           consumed; and
            • moving out early in the second quarter and canceling their             • advertising revenue and programming expenses are
               service; and                                                            concentrated when games are played, with playoff games
            • students moving in late in the third quarter and signing up for          commanding a premium in advertising revenue.
               cable service;
         • individuals temporarily suspending service for extended
                                                                                   STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
            vacations or seasonal relocations;
                                                                                   We prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance
         • the timing of service pricing changes; and
                                                                                   with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by
         • the concentrated marketing we generally conduct in our fourth
                                                                                   the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The Board of
            quarter.
                                                                                   Directors (the Board) authorized these consolidated financial
         Cable results from our enterprise customers do not generally have         statements for issue on March 9, 2023.
         any unique seasonal aspects.

         Media
         Seasonal fluctuations relate to:
         • periods of increased consumer activity and their impact on
           advertising and related retail cycles, which tend to be most active
           in the fourth quarter due to holiday spending and slower in the
           first quarter;


         NOTE 2: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (a) BASIS OF PRESENTATION                                                 (b) BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
         All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted. Our           Subsidiaries are entities we control. We include the financial
         functional currency is the Canadian dollar. We prepare the                statements of our subsidiaries in our consolidated financial
         consolidated financial statements on a historical cost basis, except      statements from the date we gain control of them until our control
         for:                                                                      ceases. We eliminate all intercompany transactions and balances
         • certain financial instruments as disclosed in note 17, including        between our subsidiaries on consolidation.
            investments (which are also disclosed in note 18), which are
            measured at fair value;                                                (c) FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
         • the net deferred pension liability, which is measured as                We translate amounts denominated in foreign currencies into
            described in note 23; and                                              Canadian dollars as follows:
         • liabilities for stock-based compensation, which are measured at         • monetary assets and liabilities – at the exchange rate in effect as
            fair value as disclosed in note 25.                                      at the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position;




100   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• non-monetary assets and liabilities, and related depreciation and       be recognized as a reduction of the interest expense over the term
  amortization – at the historical exchange rates; and                    of the loan. We have not recognized a government grant liability
• revenue and expenses other than depreciation and                        related to this loan as at December 31, 2022 as we have not yet
  amortization – at the average rate for the month in which the           borrowed against this facility.
  transaction was recognized.
                                                                          (f) NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ADOPTED IN
(d) BUSINESS COMBINATIONS                                                 2022
We account for business combinations using the acquisition                We adopted the following IFRS amendments in 2022. They did not
method of accounting. Only acquisitions that result in our gaining        have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
control over the acquired businesses are accounted for as business        • Amendments to IFRS 3, Business Combinations – Updating a
combinations. We possess control over an entity when we                     Reference to the Conceptual Framework, updating a reference in
conclude we are exposed to variable returns from our involvement            IFRS 3 to now refer to the Conceptual Framework.
with the acquired entity and we have the ability to affect those          • Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment:
returns through our power over the acquired entity.                         Proceeds before intended use, prohibiting reducing the cost of
We calculate the fair value of the consideration paid as the sum of         property, plant and equipment by proceeds while bringing an
the fair value at the date of acquisition of the assets we transferred,     asset to capable operations.
the equity interests we issued, and the liabilities we incurred to        • Amendments to IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and
former owners of the subsidiary.                                            Contingent Assets – Onerous Contracts, specifying costs an entity
                                                                            should include in determining the “cost of fulfilling” a potential
We measure goodwill as the fair value of the consideration                  onerous contract.
transferred less the net recognized amount of the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which are generally
                                                                          (g) RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET
measured at fair value as of the acquisition date. When the excess
is negative, a gain on acquisition is recognized immediately in net       ADOPTED
income.                                                                   The IASB has issued the following new standard and amendments
                                                                          to existing standards that will become effective in future years:
We expense the transaction costs associated with acquisitions as          • IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, a replacement of IFRS 4, Insurance
we incur them.                                                               Contracts, that aims to provide consistency in the application of
                                                                             accounting for insurance contracts (January 1, 2023).
During the year ended December 31, 2021, we made several
                                                                          • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
individually immaterial acquisitions and recognized $51 million of
                                                                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current, clarifying the
related goodwill, $37 million of which has been allocated to our
                                                                             classification requirements in the standard for liabilities as current
Cable operating segment and $14 million of which has been
                                                                             or non-current (January 1, 2023).
allocated to our Media operating segment.
                                                                          • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
See note 30 for further information regarding our agreement to               Disclosure of Accounting Policies, requiring entities to disclose
acquire Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw).                                     material, instead of significant, accounting policy information
                                                                             (January 1, 2023).
(e) GOVERNMENT GRANTS                                                     • Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies – Changes in
We recognize government financial assistance when there is                   Accounting Estimates and Errors, clarifying the definition of
reasonable assurance that we will comply with the conditions of the          “accounting policies” and “accounting estimates” (January 1,
assistance and the assistance will be received. Assistance related to        2023).
expenses is recognized as a reduction of the related expense;             • Amendments to IAS 12, Income Taxes – Deferred Tax related to
assistance related to assets is recognized as a reduction to the             Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction, narrowing
carrying amount of the asset. During the year ended December 31,             the scope for exemption when recognizing deferred taxes
2022, we have recognized $43 million (2021 – $7 million) in                  (January 1, 2023).
government grants related to assets.                                      • Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases – Lease Liability in a Sale and
                                                                             Leaseback, clarifying subsequent measurement requirements for
During 2022, we signed an agreement with Canada Infrastructure               sale and leaseback transactions for sellers-lessees. (January 1,
Bank for a 30-year, $665 million senior unsecured non-revolving              2024).
facility with a below-market interest rate (see note 21). The benefit     • Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements –
of a below-market loan from a government entity is accounted for             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants, modifying the 2020
as a government grant and is equal to the difference between                 amendments to IAS 1 to further clarify the classification,
(i) the present value of the cash flows at the time of borrowing             presentation, and disclosure requirements in the standard for
based on a market interest rate and (ii) the proceeds received. We           non-current liabilities with covenants. (January 1, 2024).
recognize the difference within “other current liabilities” (when the
grant will be recognized within one year of the date of the financial     We do not expect IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, or the
statements) or “other long-term liabilities” on our Consolidated          amendments effective January 1, 2023, will have an effect on our
Statements of Financial Position. The liability is subsequently           consolidated financial statements. We are assessing the impacts, if
measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.           any, the remaining amendments will have on our consolidated
The interest expense on the liability will be represented by the          financial statements; however we currently do not expect any
accretion of the loan liability over time. The government grant will      material impacts.



                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.         |   101
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         (h) ADDITIONAL SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES,                               • information about judgments made in applying accounting
         ESTIMATES, AND JUDGMENTS                                                        policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts
         When preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make                   recognized in the consolidated financial statements; and
         judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect how accounting              • information on our significant accounting policies.
         policies are applied and the amounts we report as assets, liabilities,
         revenue, and expenses. Our significant accounting policies,
         estimates, and judgments are identified in this note or disclosed
         throughout the notes as identified in the table below, including:
         • information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that
            have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the
            amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements;

           Note     Topic                                                        Page      Accounting Policy    Use of Estimates Use of Judgments

           4        Reportable Segments                                              104            X                                        X
           5        Revenue Recognition                                              106            X                   X                    X
           7        Property, Plant and Equipment                                    109            X                   X                    X
           8        Leases                                                           111            X                   X                    X
           9        Intangible Assets and Goodwill                                   112            X                   X                    X
           10       Restructuring, Acquisition and Other                             116            X                                        X
           13       Income Taxes                                                     117            X                                        X
           14       Earnings Per Share                                               118            X
           15       Accounts Receivable                                              119            X                                        X
           16       Inventories                                                      119            X
           17       Financial Instruments                                            119            X                   X                    X
           18       Investments                                                      129            X
           20       Provisions                                                       133            X                   X                    X
           23       Post-Employment Benefits                                         138            X                   X
           25       Stock-Based Compensation                                         142            X                   X
           28       Commitments and Contingent Liabilities                           146           X                                         X


         NOTE 3: CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
         Our objectives in managing capital are to ensure we have sufficient           The wholly owned subsidiary through which our credit card
         available liquidity to meet all our commitments and to execute our            programs are operated is regulated by the Office of the
         business plan. We define capital we manage as shareholders’                   Superintendent of Financial Institutions, which requires a minimum
         equity, indebtedness (including the current portion of our long­              level of regulatory capital be maintained. Our subsidiary was in
         term debt, long-term debt, short-term borrowings, the current                 compliance with that requirement as at December 31, 2022 and
         portion of our lease liabilities, and lease liabilities), net of cash and     2021. The capital requirements are not material to us as at
         cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, and                   December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021.
         derivative instruments.
                                                                                       With the exception of our credit card programs and the subsidiary
         We manage our capital structure, commitments, and maturities                  through which they are operated, we are not subject to externally
         and make adjustments based on general economic conditions,                    imposed capital requirements.
         financial markets, operating risks, our investment priorities, and
         working capital requirements. To maintain or adjust our capital               KEY METRICS AND RATIOS
         structure, we may, with approval from the Board as necessary, issue           We monitor adjusted net debt, debt leverage ratio, free cash flow,
         or repay debt and/or short-term borrowings, issue or repurchase               and available liquidity to manage our capital structure and related
         shares, pay dividends, or undertake other activities as deemed                risks. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and
         appropriate under the circumstances. The Board reviews and                    might not be comparable to similar capital management measures
         approves the annual capital and operating budgets, as well as any             disclosed by other companies. A summary of our key metrics and
         material transactions that are not part of the ordinary course of             ratios follows, along with a reconciliation between each of these
         business, including proposals for acquisitions or other major                 measures and the items presented in the consolidated financial
         financing transactions, investments, or divestitures.                         statements.




102   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio                                                                                                     As at                 As at
We monitor adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio as part of                                                                         December 31           December 31
the management of liquidity to sustain future development of our               (In millions of dollars, except ratios)        Note                  2022            2021
business, conduct valuation-related analyses, and make decisions
                                                                               Adjusted net debt                                                   22,062          20,037
about capital. In so doing, we typically aim to have an adjusted net           Divided by: trailing 12-month
debt and debt leverage ratio that allow us to maintain investment-               adjusted EBITDA                                  4                 6,393           5,887
grade credit ratings, which allows us the associated access to
                                                                               Debt leverage ratio                                                    3.5             3.4
capital markets. Our debt leverage ratio can increase due to
strategic, long-term investments (for example, to obtain new                   1 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt, we believe adjusting 50% of the
spectrum licences or to consummate an acquisition) and we work                   value of our subordinated notes is appropriate as this methodology factors in certain
                                                                                 circumstances with respect to priority for payment and we understand this approach
to lower the ratio over time. As at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
                                                                                 is commonly used to evaluate debt leverage by rating agencies for at least the first
we met our objectives for these metrics.                                         five years after the issuance of the respective subordinated notes.
                                                                               2 Net debt derivative assets consists of the net fair value of our debt derivatives on
On March 15, 2021, we announced an agreement with Shaw to
                                                                                 issued debt.
acquire all of Shaw’s issued and outstanding Class A Participating             3 For accounting purposes in accordance with IFRS, we recognize the fair values of our

Shares and Class B Non-Voting Participating Shares (collectively,                debt derivatives using an estimated credit-adjusted mark-to-market valuation by
Shaw Shares) for a price of $40.50 per share (Shaw Transaction).                 discounting cash flows to the measurement date. For purposes of calculating
The Shaw Transaction is valued at approximately $26 billion,                     adjusted net debt, we believe including debt derivatives valued without adjustment
                                                                                 for credit risk is commonly used to evaluate debt leverage and for market valuation
including the assumption of approximately $6 billion of Shaw debt.
                                                                                 and transactional purposes.
See note 30 for more information about the Shaw Transaction.                   4 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt, we have deducted our restricted


In connection with the Shaw Transaction, during the first quarter of             cash and cash equivalent as these funds were raised solely to fund a portion of the
                                                                                 cash consideration of the Shaw Transaction or, if unable to be consummated, be
2021, we entered into a binding commitment letter for a                          used to redeem the applicable senior notes excluding any premium. Including only
committed credit facility with a syndicate of banks in an original               the underlying senior notes would not represent our view of adjusted net debt prior
amount of up to $19 billion (see note 19). During the second                     to the consummation of the Shaw Transaction or the redemption of the senior notes.
quarter of 2021, we entered into a $6 billion non-revolving credit
facility (term loan facility, see note 21) related to the Shaw                 Free cash flow
Transaction, which reduced the amount available under the                      We use free cash flow to understand how much cash we generate
committed credit facility to $13 billion. During the first quarter of          that is available to repay debt or reinvest in our business, which is
2022, we issued US$7.05 billion and $4.25 billion of senior notes              used as an indicator of financial capabilities.
(Shaw senior note financing), which reduced the amount available
under the committed credit facility to nil and the committed credit                                                                              Years ended December 31
facility was terminated. The arrangement agreement between                     (In millions of dollars)                               Note             2022         2021
Rogers and Shaw requires us to maintain sufficient liquidity to
                                                                               Adjusted EBITDA                                           4            6,393         5,887
ensure we are able to fund the Shaw Transaction upon closing and,
                                                                               Deduct (add):
as a result of the termination of the committed credit facility, we                Capital expenditures 1                                7            3,075         2,788
have restricted the use of approximately $12.8 billion in funds,                   Interest on borrowings, net and
which are recognized as “restricted cash and cash equivalents” on                     capitalized interest                              11            1,090          728
our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position (see note 17).                   Cash income taxes 2                                                  455          700
Adjusted net debt increases correspondingly with any debt issued               Free cash flow                                                         1,773         1,671
or drawn, and the use of restricted cash, and our debt leverage
ratio would increase correspondingly.
                                                                               1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition,
                                                                                 but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences or additions to right-of-use
                                                       As at          As at      assets, or assets acquired through business combinations.
                                                                               2 Cash income taxes are net of refunds received.
                                                 December 31    December 31

(In millions of dollars)                  Note         2022           2021                                                                       Years ended December 31
Current portion of long-term debt          21          1,828          1,551
                                                                               (In millions of dollars)                                Note            2022         2021
Long-term debt                             21         29,905         17,137
Deferred transaction costs and                                                 Cash provided by operating activities                                   4,493        4,161
  discounts                                21          1,122           185     Add (deduct):
                                                                                   Capital expenditures                                      7        (3,075)      (2,788)
                                                      32,855         18,873
                                                                                   Interest on borrowings, net of
Add (deduct):
                                                                                      capitalized interest                               11           (1,090)        (728)
   Subordinated notes adjustment 1                    (1,508)        (1,000)
                                                                                   Interest paid, net                                                  1,054          802
   Net debt derivative assets 2            17           (988)        (1,260)
                                                                                   Restructuring, acquisition and other                  10              310          324
   Credit risk adjustment related to
                                                                                   Program rights amortization                            9              (61)         (68)
      net debt derivative assets 3                       (10)           (18)
   Short-term borrowings                   19          2,985          2,200        Change in net operating assets and
   Current portion of lease liabilities     8            362            336           liabilities                                         29            152           (37)
   Lease liabilities                        8          1,666          1,621        Other adjustments 1                                12, 23            (10)            5
   Cash and cash equivalents                            (463)          (715)
                                                                               Free cash flow                                                          1,773        1,671
   Restricted cash and cash
      equivalents 4                        17        (12,837)             —    1   Other adjustments consists of post-employment benefit contributions, net of
                                                                                   expense, cash flows relating to other operating activities, and other (income) expense
Adjusted net debt                                     22,062         20,037
                                                                                   from our financial statements.




                                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                    |   103
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Available liquidity
         Available liquidity fluctuates based on business circumstances. We                               December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had sufficient liquidity available
         continually manage, and aim to have sufficient, available liquidity at                           to us to meet this objective.
         all times to help protect our ability to meet all our commitments
                                                                                                          Below is a summary of our total available liquidity from our cash and
         (operationally and for maturing debt obligations), to execute our
                                                                                                          cash equivalents, bank credit facilities, letters of credit facilities, and
         business plan (including to acquire spectrum licences or
                                                                                                          short-term borrowings, including our receivables securitization
         consummate acquisitions), to mitigate the risk of economic
                                                                                                          program and our US dollar-denominated commercial paper (US
         downturns, and for other unforeseen circumstances. As at
                                                                                                          CP) program.
         Our restricted cash and cash equivalents (see note 17) are not included in available liquidity as the funds were raised solely to fund a
         portion of the cash consideration of the Shaw Transaction (see note 30). Our $6 billion term loan facility is also not included in available
         liquidity as we can only draw on that facility to partially fund the Shaw Transaction. Our Canada Infrastructure Bank credit agreement (see
         note 21) is not included in available liquidity as it can only be drawn upon for use in broadband projects under the Universal Broadband
         Fund, and therefore is not available for other general purposes.

         As at December 31, 2022
         (In millions of dollars)                                                  Note      Total sources         Drawn       Letters of credit        US CP program 1            Net available

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        463             —                       —                          —                 463
         Bank credit facilities 2:
             Revolving                                                                 21              4,000            —                         8                       215               3,777
             Non-revolving                                                             19              1,000          375                         —                         —                 625
             Outstanding letters of credit                                             21                 75            —                        75                         —                   —
         Receivables securitization 2                                                  19              2,400        2,400                         —                         —                   —
         Total                                                                                         7,938        2,775                        83                       215               4,865
         1   The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
         2   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
             of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our currently outstanding US CP borrowings that are backstopped by our
             revolving credit facility.

         As at December 31, 2021
         (In millions of dollars)                                                  Note      Total sources         Drawn       Letters of credit        US CP program 1            Net available

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        715             —                       —                          —                 715
         Bank credit facilities 2:
             Revolving                                                                 21              4,000            —                         8                       894                3,098
             Non-revolving                                                             19                507          507                         —                         —                    —
             Outstanding letters of credit                                             21                 72            —                        72                         —                    —
         Receivables securitization 2                                                  19              1,200          800                         —                         —                  400
         Total                                                                                         6,494        1,307                        80                       894                4,213
         1   The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
         2   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
             of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our currently outstanding US CP borrowings that are backstopped by our
             revolving credit facility.


         NOTE 4: SEGMENTED INFORMATION
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                                We follow the same accounting policies for our segments as those
         Reportable segments                                                                              described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.
         We determine our reportable segments based on, among other                                       We account for transactions between reportable segments in the
         things, how our chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive                              same way we account for transactions with external parties, but
         Officer and Chief Financial Officer of RCI, regularly review our                                 eliminate them on consolidation.
         operations and performance. They review adjusted EBITDA as the
         key measure of profit for the purpose of assessing performance of                                JUDGMENTS
         each segment and to make decisions about the allocation of                                       We make significant judgments in determining our operating
         resources, as they believe adjusted EBITDA reflects segment and                                  segments. These are components that engage in business activities
         consolidated profitability. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income                                 from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, for which
         before depreciation and amortization; (gain) loss on disposition of                              operating results are regularly reviewed by our chief operating
         property, plant and equipment; restructuring, acquisition and                                    decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated
         other; finance costs; other expense (income); and income tax                                     and assess component performance, and for which discrete
         expense.                                                                                         financial information is available.



104   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
REPORTABLE SEGMENTS                                                administrative functions, and eliminations of inter-segment revenue
Our reportable segments are Wireless, Cable, and Media (see        and costs. Segment results include items directly attributable to a
note 1). All three segments operate substantially in Canada.       segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable
Corporate items and eliminations include our interests in          basis.
businesses that are not reportable operating segments, corporate


INFORMATION BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                            Corporate
Year ended December 31, 2022                                                                                 items and   Consolidated
(In millions of dollars)                                            Note      Wireless   Cable   Media    eliminations          totals
Revenue                                                                  5      9,197    4,071   2,277           (149)         15,396
Operating costs                                                          6      4,728    2,013   2,208             54           9,003
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                 4,469    2,058      69           (203)          6,393

Depreciation and amortization                                       7, 8, 9                                                     2,576
Restructuring, acquisition and other                                    10                                                        310
Finance costs                                                           11                                                      1,233
Other income                                                            12                                                        (15)
Income before income tax expense                                                                                                2,289

Capital expenditures                                                     7      1,758    1,019     142            156           3,075
Goodwill                                                                 9      1,160    1,902     969              —           4,031
Total assets                                                                   26,298    8,040   2,693         18,624          55,655


                                                                                                            Corporate
Year ended December 31, 2021                                                                                 items and   Consolidated
(In millions of dollars)                                            Note      Wireless   Cable   Media    eliminations          totals
Revenue                                                                  5      8,768    4,072   1,975           (160)         14,655
Operating costs                                                          6      4,554    2,059   2,102             53           8,768
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                 4,214    2,013    (127)          (213)          5,887

Depreciation and amortization                                       7, 8, 9                                                     2,585
Restructuring, acquisition and other                                    10                                                        324
Finance costs                                                           11                                                        849
Other expense                                                           12                                                          2
Income before income tax expense                                                                                                2,127

Capital expenditures                                                     7      1,515      913     115            245           2,788
Goodwill                                                                 9      1,160    1,895     969              —           4,024
Total assets                                                                   25,247    7,887   2,665          6,164          41,963




                                                                                         2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   105
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 5: REVENUE
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                      distinct good or service. We also determine whether a customer
         Contracts with customers                                               can modify their contract within predefined terms such that we are
         We record revenue from contracts with customers in accordance          not able to enforce the transaction price agreed to, but can only
         with the five steps in IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with            contractually enforce a lower amount. In situations such as these,
         customers, as follows:                                                 we allocate revenue between performance obligations using the
              1. identify the contract with a customer;                         minimum enforceable rights and obligations and any excess
              2. identify the performance obligations in the contract;          amount is recognized as revenue as it is earned.
              3. determine the transaction price, which is the total            Revenue for each performance obligation is recognized either over
                  consideration provided by the customer;                       time (e.g. services) or at a point in time (e.g. equipment). For
              4. allocate the transaction price among the performance           performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized
                  obligations in the contract based on their relative fair      as the services are provided. These services are typically provided,
                  values; and                                                   and thus revenue is typically recognized, on a monthly basis.
              5. recognize revenue when the relevant criteria are met for       Revenue for performance obligations satisfied at a point in time is
                  each performance obligation.                                  recognized when control of the item (or service) transfers to the
         Many of our products and services are sold in bundled                  customer. Typically, this is when the customer activates the goods
         arrangements (e.g. wireless devices and voice and data services).      (e.g. in the case of a wireless device) or has physical possession of
         Items in these arrangements are accounted for as separate              the goods (e.g. other equipment).
         performance obligations if the item meets the definition of a
         The table below summarizes the nature of the various performance obligations in our contracts with customers and when we recognize
         performance on those obligations.

           Performance obligations from contracts with customers                 Timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation
           Wireless airtime, data, and other services; television, telephony,    As the service is provided (usually monthly)
           Internet, and smart home monitoring services; network services;
           media subscriptions; and rental of equipment
           Roaming, long-distance, and other optional or non-subscription        As the service is provided
           services, and pay-per-use services
           Wireless devices and related equipment                                Upon activation or purchase by the end customer
           Installation services for Cable subscribers                           When the services are performed
           Advertising                                                           When the advertising airs on our radio or television stations or is
                                                                                 displayed on our digital properties
           Subscriptions by television stations for subscriptions from cable     When the services are delivered to cable and satellite providers’
           and satellite providers                                               subscribers (usually monthly)
           Toronto Blue Jays’ home game admission and concessions                When the related games are played during the baseball season
                                                                                 and when goods are sold
           Toronto Blue Jays revenue from the Major League Baseball              In the applicable period, when the amount is determinable
           Revenue Sharing Agreement, which redistributes funds between
           member clubs based on each club’s relative revenue, as well as
           other league distributions
           Today’s Shopping Choice and Toronto Blue Jays merchandise             When the goods are transferred to the end customer
           Radio and television broadcast agreements                             When the related programs are aired
           Sublicensing of program rights                                        Over the course of the applicable licence period




106   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We also recognize interest revenue on credit card receivables using       Determining the transaction price
the effective interest method in accordance with IFRS 9, Financial        The transaction price is the amount of consideration that is
Instruments.                                                              enforceable and to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for
                                                                          the goods and services we have promised to our customer. We
Payment for Wireless and Cable monthly service fees is typically
                                                                          determine the transaction price by considering the terms of the
due 30 days after billing. Payment for Wireless and Cable
                                                                          contract and business practices that are customary within that
equipment is typically due either upon receipt of the equipment or
                                                                          particular line of business. Discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price
over the subsequent 24 months (when equipment is financed
                                                                          concessions, incentives, penalties, and other similar items are
through our equipment financing plans). Payment terms for typical
                                                                          reflected in the transaction price at contract inception.
Media performance obligations range from immediate (e.g.
Toronto Blue Jays tickets) to 30 days (e.g. advertising contracts).
                                                                          Determining the stand-alone selling price and the allocation of the
                                                                          transaction price
Contract assets and liabilities
                                                                          The transaction price is allocated to performance obligations based
We record a contract asset when we have provided goods and
                                                                          on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the distinct goods or
services to our customer but our right to related consideration for
                                                                          services in the contract. The best evidence of a stand-alone selling
the performance obligation is conditional on satisfying other
                                                                          price is the observable price of a good or service when the entity
performance obligations. Contract assets primarily relate to our
                                                                          sells that good or service separately in similar circumstances and to
rights to consideration for the transfer of wireless devices. Our long­
                                                                          similar customers. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly
term contract assets are recognized in “other long-term assets” on
                                                                          observable, we estimate the stand-alone selling price taking into
our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
                                                                          account reasonably available information relating to the market
We record a contract liability when we receive payment from a             conditions, entity-specific factors, and the class of customer.
customer in advance of providing goods and services. This includes
                                                                          In determining the stand-alone selling price, we allocate revenue
subscriber deposits, deposits related to Toronto Blue Jays ticket
                                                                          between performance obligations based on expected minimum
sales, and amounts subscribers pay for services and subscriptions
                                                                          enforceable amounts to which we are entitled. Any amounts above
that will be provided in future periods. Our long-term contract
                                                                          the minimum enforceable amounts are recognized as revenue as
liabilities are recognized in “other long-term liabilities” on our
                                                                          they are earned.
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.

A portion of our contract liabilities relates to discounts provided to    JUDGMENTS
customers on our device financing contracts. Due to the allocation        We make significant judgments in determining whether a promise
of the transaction price to the performance obligations, the              to deliver goods or services is considered distinct and in
financing receivable we recognize is greater than the related             determining whether our residual value arrangements constitute
equipment revenue. As a result, we recognize a contract liability         revenue-generating arrangements or leases.
simultaneously with the financing receivable and equipment
revenue and subsequently reduce the contract liability on a               Distinct goods and services
monthly basis.                                                            We make judgments in determining whether a promise to deliver
We account for contract assets and liabilities on a                       goods or services is considered distinct. We account for individual
contract-by-contract basis, with each contract presented as either a      products and services separately if they are distinct (i.e. if a product
net contract asset or a net contract liability accordingly.               or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled
                                                                          package and if the customer can benefit from it). The consideration
                                                                          is allocated between separate products and services in a bundle
Deferred commission cost assets
                                                                          based on their stand-alone selling prices. For distinct items we do
We defer, to the extent recoverable, the incremental costs we incur
                                                                          not sell separately, we estimate stand-alone selling prices using the
to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and amortize them
                                                                          adjusted market assessment approach.
over their expected period of benefit. These costs include certain
commissions paid to internal and external representatives that we
believe to be recoverable through the revenue earned from the             Residual value arrangements
related contracts. We therefore defer them as deferred commission         Under certain customer offers, we allow customers to defer a
cost assets in “other assets” and amortize them to “operating costs”      component of the device cost until contract termination. We use
over the pattern of the transfer of goods and services to the             judgment in determining whether these arrangements constitute
customer, which is typically evenly over 24 consecutive months.           revenue-generating arrangements or leases. In making this
                                                                          determination, we use judgment to assess the extent of control
                                                                          over the devices that passes to our customer, including whether the
ESTIMATES
                                                                          customer has a significant economic incentive at contract inception
We use estimates in the following key areas:
                                                                          to return the device at contract termination and to estimate the
• determining the transaction price of our contracts requires
                                                                          extent of device returns.
  estimating the amount of revenue we expect to be entitled to for
  delivering the performance obligations within a contract; and
• determining the stand-alone selling price of performance
  obligations and the allocation of the transaction price between
  performance obligations.




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   107
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         CONTRACT ASSETS                                                         UNSATISFIED PORTIONS OF PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
         Below is a summary of our contract assets from contracts with           The table below shows the revenue we expect to recognize in the
         customers, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, and the           future related to unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance
         significant changes in those balances during the years ended            obligations as at December 31, 2022. The unsatisfied portion of the
         December 31, 2022 and 2021.                                             transaction price of the performance obligations relates to monthly
                                                                                 services; we expect to recognize it over the next three to five years.
                                                  Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                         2022          2021     (In millions of dollars)    2023 2024 2025 Thereafter Total
         Balance, beginning of year                        204           621     Telecommunications
         Additions from new contracts with                                         service                   2,132    875     223            176 3,406
           customers, net of terminations and
           renewals                                        121           121
         Amortization of contract assets to                                      We have elected to utilize the following practical expedients and
           accounts receivable                            (128)          (538)   not disclose:
         Balance, end of year                              197           204     • the unsatisfied portions of performance obligations related to
                                                                                   contracts with a duration of one year or less; or
         Current                                           111           115
         Long-term                                          86            89     • the unsatisfied portions of performance obligations where the
                                                                                   revenue we recognize corresponds with the amount invoiced to
         Balance, end of year                              197           204       the customer.

         CONTRACT LIABILITIES                                                    DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE
         Below is a summary of our contract liabilities from contracts with
         customers and the significant changes in those balances during the                                               Years ended December 31
         years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
                                                                                 (In millions of dollars)                           2022         2021
                                                  Years ended December 31        Wireless
                                                                                     Service revenue                                7,131        6,666
         (In millions of dollars)                        2022           2021
                                                                                     Equipment revenue                              2,066        2,102
         Balance, beginning of year                       446            405
         Revenue deferred in previous year                                       Total Wireless                                     9,197        8,768
           and recognized as revenue in                                          Cable
           current year                                  (397)           (393)       Service revenue                                4,046        4,052
         Net additions from contracts with
                                                                                     Equipment revenue                                 25           20
           customers                                      412            434
         Balance, end of year                             461            446     Total Cable                                        4,071        4,072

         Current                                          400            394     Total Media                                        2,277        1,975
         Long-term                                         61             52     Corporate items and intercompany
         Balance, end of year                             461            446       eliminations                                      (149)        (160)
                                                                                 Total revenue                                  15,396          14,655
         DEFERRED COMMISSION COST ASSETS                                         Total service revenue                          13,305          12,533
         Below is a summary of the changes in the deferred commission            Total equipment revenue                         2,091           2,122
         cost assets recognized from the incremental costs incurred to
                                                                                 Total revenue                                  15,396          14,655
         obtain contracts with customers during the years ended
         December 31, 2022 and 2021. The deferred commission cost
         assets are presented within “other current assets” (when they will be
         amortized into net income within one year of the date of the
         financial statements) or other long-term assets.

                                                  Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                        2022           2021
         Balance, beginning of year                       312            262
         Additions to deferred commission
           cost assets                                    363            315
         Amortization recognized on deferred
           commission cost assets                        (301)           (265)
         Balance, end of year                             374            312
         Current                                          265            219
         Long-term                                        109             93
         Balance, end of year                             374            312



108   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 6: OPERATING COSTS

                                             Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)              Note          2022           2021
Cost of equipment sales                16          2,141           2,161
Merchandise for resale                 16            235             271
Other external purchases                           4,401           4,155
Employee salaries, benefits,
  and stock-based compensation                     2,226           2,181
Total operating costs                              9,003           8,768


NOTE 7: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                          We capitalize development expenditures if they meet the criteria
The following accounting policy applies to property, plant and             for recognition as an asset and amortize them over their expected
equipment excluding right-of-use assets recognized under IFRS 16.          useful lives once the assets to which they relate are available for use.
Our accounting policy for right-of-use assets is included in note 8.       We expense research expenditures, maintenance costs, and
                                                                           training costs as incurred.
Recognition and measurement, including depreciation
We measure property, plant and equipment upon initial                      Impairment testing, including recognition and measurement of an
recognition at cost and begin recognizing depreciation when the            impairment charge
asset is ready for its intended use. Subsequently, property, plant         See “Impairment Testing” in note 9 for our policies relating to
and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation             impairment testing and the related recognition and measurement
and accumulated impairment losses.                                         of impairment charges. The impairment policies for property, plant
                                                                           and equipment are similar to the impairment policies for intangible
Cost includes expenditures (capital expenditures) that are directly        assets with finite useful lives.
attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
constructed assets includes:
                                                                           ESTIMATES
• the cost of materials and direct labour;
                                                                           Components of an item of property, plant and equipment may
• costs directly associated with bringing the assets to a working
                                                                           have different useful lives. We make significant estimates when
   condition for their intended use;
                                                                           determining depreciation rates and asset useful lives, which require
• expected costs of decommissioning the items and restoring the
                                                                           taking into account company-specific factors, such as our past
   sites on which they are located (see note 20); and
                                                                           experience and expected use, and industry trends, such as
• borrowing costs on qualifying assets.
                                                                           technological advancements. We monitor and review residual
We depreciate property, plant and equipment over its estimated             values, depreciation rates, and asset useful lives at least once a year
useful life by charging depreciation expense to net income as              and change them if they are different from our previous estimates.
follows:                                                                   We recognize the effect of changes in estimates in net income
                                                                           prospectively.
                                                     Estimated
 Asset                        Basis                  useful life           We use estimates to determine certain costs that are directly
                                                                           attributable to self-constructed assets. These estimates primarily
 Buildings                    Diminishing balance    15 to 40 years
 Cable and wireless network   Straight-line          3 to 40 years
                                                                           include certain internal and external direct labour, overhead, and
 Computer equipment and       Straight-line          4 to 10 years         interest costs associated with the acquisition, construction,
   software                                                                development, or betterment of our networks.
 Customer premise equipment   Straight-line          3 to 6 years          Furthermore, we use estimates as described in note 9 in
 Leasehold improvements       Straight-line          Over shorter of
                                                                           determining the recoverable amount of property, plant and
                                                     estimated useful
                                                                           equipment.
                                                     life or lease term
 Equipment and vehicles       Diminishing balance    3 to 20 years
                                                                           JUDGMENTS
                                                                           We make significant judgments in choosing methods for
We calculate gains and losses on the disposal of property, plant
                                                                           depreciating our property, plant and equipment that we believe
and equipment by comparing the proceeds from the disposal with
                                                                           most accurately represent the consumption of benefits derived
the item’s carrying amount and recognize the gain or loss in net
                                                                           from those assets and are most representative of the economic
income.
                                                                           substance of the intended use of the underlying assets.




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   109
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         DETAILS OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         The tables below summarize our property, plant and equipment as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                      Cable and Computer Customer                                            Total Right-of- property,
                                             Land and   wireless equipment     premise    Leasehold Equipment Construction owned use assets plant and
         (In millions of dollars)            buildings networks and software equipment improvements and vehicles in process assets (note 8) equipment

         Cost
                As at January 1, 2022          1,241     22,307      6,607      1,955          680       1,253        1,330 35,373      2,626    37,999
                Additions and transfers           44      1,657        729        165           34          70          376 3,075         451     3,526
                Acquisitions from business
                  combinations                      –        10          –          –             –           –           –     10          –         10
                Disposals and other                (2)     (864)      (344)       (23)           (3)        (11)          – (1,247)      (149)    (1,396)

                As at December 31, 2022        1,283     23,110      6,992     2,097           711       1,312       1,706 37,211      2,928     40,139

         Accumulated depreciation
             As at January 1, 2022               531     14,642      4,682      1,604          353         880            – 22,692       641     23,333
             Depreciation                         36      1,170        739        210           40          86            – 2,281        274      2,555
             Disposals and other                   –       (863)      (342)       (66)          (3)        (11)           – (1,285)      (38)    (1,323)

                As at December 31, 2022          567     14,949      5,079     1,748           390         955            – 23,688       877     24,565

         Net carrying amount
             As at January 1, 2022               710      7,665      1,925       351           327         373       1,330 12,681      1,985     14,666
             As at December 31, 2022             716      8,161      1,913       349           321         357       1,706 13,523      2,051     15,574


                                                                                                                                                 Total
                                                      Cable and Computer Customer                                            Total Right-of- property,
                                             Land and   wireless equipment     premise    Leasehold Equipment Construction owned use assets plant and
         (In millions of dollars)            buildings networks and software equipment improvements and vehicles in process assets (note 8) equipment

         Cost
                As at January 1, 2021          1,210     21,913      6,078      1,954          618       1,230         848 33,851       2,248    36,099
                Additions and transfers           29      1,167        849        142           62          57         482 2,788          380     3,168
                Acquisitions from business
                  combinations                     2         29          1          6             –           3           –     41          –         41
                Disposals and other                –       (802)      (321)      (147)            –         (37)          – (1,307)        (2)    (1,309)

                As at December 31, 2021        1,241     22,307      6,607      1,955          680       1,253        1,330 35,373      2,626    37,999

         Accumulated depreciation
             As at January 1, 2021               496     14,268      4,253      1,515          313         839            – 21,684       397     22,081
             Depreciation                         35      1,170        751        245           41          80            – 2,322        246      2,568
             Disposals and other                   –       (796)      (322)      (156)          (1)        (39)           – (1,314)       (2)    (1,316)

                As at December 31, 2021          531     14,642      4,682      1,604          353         880            – 22,692       641     23,333

         Net carrying amount
             As at January 1, 2021               714      7,645      1,825       439           305         391          848 12,167      1,851    14,018
             As at December 31, 2021             710      7,665      1,925       351           327         373        1,330 12,681      1,985    14,666

         During 2022, we recognized capitalized interest on property, plant         Annually, we perform an analysis to identify fully depreciated assets
         and equipment at a weighted average rate of approximately 4.3%             that have been retired from active use. In 2022, this resulted in an
         (2021 – 3.4%).                                                             adjustment to cost and accumulated depreciation of $1,209 million
                                                                                    (2021 – $1,157 million). The disposals had nil impact on the
                                                                                    Consolidated Statements of Income.




110   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 8: LEASES
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future
At inception of a contract, we assess whether that contract is, or          lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract      a change in our estimate of the amount expected to be payable
conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a           under a residual value guarantee, or if we change our assessment
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a           of whether or not we will exercise a purchase, extension, or
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset,       termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this
we assess whether:                                                          way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
• the contract involves the use of an identified asset;                     of the right-of-use asset. The lease liability is also remeasured when
• we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic             the underlying lease contract is amended.
  benefits from use of the identified asset throughout the period
                                                                            We have elected not to separate fixed non-lease components and
  of use; and
                                                                            account for the lease and any fixed non-lease components as a
• we have the right to direct the use of the asset.
                                                                            single lease component.

LESSEE ACCOUNTING
                                                                            Variable lease payments
We record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease
                                                                            Certain leases contain provisions that result in differing lease
commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at
                                                                            payments over the term as a result of market rate reviews or
cost, consisting of:
                                                                            changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) or other similar indices.
• the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease
                                                                            We reassess the lease liabilities related to these leases when the
  payments made at or before the commencement date; plus
                                                                            index or other data is available to calculate the change in lease
• any initial direct costs incurred; and
                                                                            payments.
• an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
  asset or restore the site on which it is located; less                    Certain leases require us to make payments that relate to property
• any lease incentives received.                                            taxes, insurance, and other non-rental costs. These non-rental costs
                                                                            are typically variable and are not included in the calculation of the
The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over
                                                                            right-of-use asset or lease liability.
the lease term, unless we expect to obtain ownership of the leased
asset at the end of the lease. The lease term consists of:
• the non-cancellable period of the lease;                                  LESSOR ACCOUNTING
• periods covered by options to extend the lease, where we are              When we act as a lessor, we determine at lease inception whether
  reasonably certain to exercise the option; and                            each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
• periods covered by options to terminate the lease, where we are
                                                                            In order to classify each lease as either finance or operating, we
  reasonably certain not to exercise the option.
                                                                            make an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers to the
If we expect to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of          lessee substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to
the lease, we depreciate the right-of-use asset over the underlying         ownership of the underlying asset. If it does, the lease is a finance
asset’s estimated useful life. In addition, the right-of-use asset is       lease; if not, it is an operating lease.
periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for
                                                                            We act as the lessor on certain collocation leases, whereby, due to
certain remeasurements of the lease liability.
                                                                            certain regulatory requirements, we must allow other
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease     telecommunication companies to lease space on our wireless
payments that are not paid at the commencement date,                        network towers. We do not believe we transfer substantially all of
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate   the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying
cannot be readily determined, our incremental borrowing rate. We            leased asset to the lessee and therefore classify these leases as
generally use our incremental borrowing rate as the interest rate           operating leases.
implicit in our leases cannot be readily determined. The lease
                                                                            If an arrangement contains both lease and non-lease components,
liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
                                                                            we apply IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration in the contract
effective interest rate method.
                                                                            between the lease and the non-lease components.
Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability
include:                                                                    We recognize lease payments received under operating leases into
• fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;                    income on a straight-line basis. All of the leases for which we act as
• variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate;                  lessor are classified as operating leases.
• amounts expected to be payable under a residual value
   guarantee; and                                                           ESTIMATES
• the exercise price under a purchase option that we are                    We estimate the lease term by considering the facts and
   reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional            circumstances that can create an economic incentive to exercise an
   renewal period if we are reasonably certain to exercise an               extension option, or not exercise a termination option. We make
   extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease         certain qualitative and quantitative assumptions when deriving the
   unless we are reasonably certain not to terminate early.                 value of the economic incentive.




                                                                                                  2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   111
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         JUDGMENTS                                                                  Lessor
         Lessee                                                                     We make judgments in determining whether a lease should be
         We make judgments in determining whether a contract is or                  classified as an operating lease or a finance lease based on if the
         contains a lease, which involves assessing whether a contract              agreement transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
         contains an identified asset (either a physically distinct asset or a      to ownership of the underlying asset.
         capacity portion that represents substantially all of the capacity of
         the asset). Additionally, the contract should provide us with the          LEASE LIABILITIES
         right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of        We primarily lease land and buildings relating to our wireless and
         the asset.                                                                 cable networks, our retail store presence, and certain of our offices
         We also make judgments in determining whether we have the right            and other corporate buildings, as well as customer premise
         to control the use of the identified asset. We have that right when        equipment. The non-cancellable contract periods for our leases
         we have the decision-making rights that are most relevant to               typically range from five to fifteen years. Variable lease payments
         changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases         during 2022 were $20 million (2021 – $21 million).
         where the decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is            Below is a summary of the activity related to our lease liabilities for
         used are predetermined, we have the right to direct the use of the         the year ended December 31, 2022. Certain of our lease liabilities
         asset if we have the right to operate the asset or if we designed the      are secured by the underlying right-of-use assets; the underlying
         asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose the             right-of-use assets have a net carrying amount of $400 million as at
         asset will be used.                                                        December 31, 2022 (2021 – $338 million).
         We make judgments in determining the incremental borrowing                                                           Years ended December 31
         rate used to measure our lease liability for each lease contract,
         including an estimate of the asset-specific security impact. The           (In millions of dollars)                                2022     2021
         incremental borrowing rate should reflect the interest that we             Lease liabilities, beginning of year                   1,957     1,835
         would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain a similar        Net additions                                            383       386
         asset at a similar term, with a similar security, in a similar economic    Interest expense on lease liabilities                     80        74
         environment.                                                               Interest payments on lease
                                                                                       liabilities                                            (76)     (69)
         Certain of our leases contain extension or renewal options that are
                                                                                    Principal payments of lease
         exercisable only by us and not by the lessor. At lease
                                                                                       liabilities                                          (316)     (269)
         commencement, we assess whether we are reasonably certain to
         exercise any of the extension options based on our expected                Lease liabilities, end of year                         2,028     1,957
         economic return from the lease. We are typically reasonably certain
                                                                                    Current liability                                        362       336
         of exercising extension options on our network leases, primarily
                                                                                    Long-term liability                                    1,666     1,621
         due to the significant cost that would be required to relocate our
         network towers and related equipment. We reassess whether we               Lease liabilities                                      2,028     1,957
         are reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant
         event or significant change in circumstance within our control and
         account for any changes at the date of the reassessment.


         NOTE 9: INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                          Indefinite useful lives
         RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT, INCLUDING                                     We do not amortize intangible assets with indefinite lives, including
                                                                                    spectrum licences, broadcast licences, and the Rogers and Fido
         AMORTIZATION
                                                                                    brand names.
         Upon initial recognition, we measure intangible assets at cost
         unless they are acquired through a business combination, in which
         case they are measured at fair value. We begin amortizing                  Finite useful lives
         intangible assets with finite useful lives when the asset is ready for     We amortize intangible assets with finite useful lives, other than
         its intended use. Subsequently, the asset is carried at cost less          acquired program rights, into “depreciation and amortization” on
         accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.                the Consolidated Statements of Income on a straight-line basis
                                                                                    over their estimated useful lives as noted in the table below. We
         Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the           monitor and review the useful lives, residual values, and
         acquisition of the asset. The cost of a separately acquired intangible     amortization methods at least once per year and change them if
         asset comprises:                                                           they are different from our previous estimates. We recognize the
         • its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable           effects of changes in estimates in net income prospectively.
           purchase taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates;
           and                                                                       Intangible asset                              Estimated useful life
         • any directly attributable cost of preparing the asset for its
                                                                                     Customer relationships                        3 to 10 years
           intended use.




112   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Acquired program rights                                                  If our estimate of the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount is less
Program rights are contractual rights we acquire from third parties      than its carrying amount, we reduce its carrying amount to the
to broadcast programs, including rights to broadcast live sporting       recoverable amount and recognize the loss in net income
events. We recognize them at cost less accumulated amortization          immediately.
and accumulated impairment losses. We capitalize “program
                                                                         We reverse a previously recognized impairment loss, except in
rights” on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when
                                                                         respect of goodwill, if our estimate of the recoverable amount of a
the licence period begins and the program is available for use and
                                                                         previously impaired asset or CGU has increased such that the
amortize them to other external purchases in “operating costs” on
                                                                         impairment recognized in a previous year has reversed. The
the Consolidated Statements of Income over the expected
                                                                         reversal is recognized by increasing the asset’s or CGU’s carrying
exhibition period. If we have no intention to air programs, we
                                                                         amount to our new estimate of its recoverable amount. The
consider the related program rights impaired and write them off.
                                                                         carrying amount of the asset or CGU subsequent to the reversal
Otherwise, we test them for impairment as intangible assets with
                                                                         cannot be greater than its carrying amount had we not recognized
finite useful lives.
                                                                         an impairment loss in previous years.
The costs for multi-year sports and television broadcast rights
agreements are recognized in operating expenses during the               ESTIMATES
applicable seasons based on the pattern in which the                     We use estimates in determining the recoverable amount of long-
programming is aired or rights are expected to be consumed. To           lived assets. The determination of the recoverable amount for the
the extent that prepayments are made at the commencement of a            purpose of impairment testing requires the use of significant
multi-year contract towards future years’ rights fees, these             estimates, such as:
prepayments are recognized as intangible assets and amortized to         • future cash flows;
operating expenses over the contract term. To the extent that            • terminal growth rates; and
prepayments are made for annual contractual fees within a season,        • discount rates.
they are included in “other current assets” on our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position, as the rights will be consumed         We estimate value in use for impairment tests by discounting
within one year of the date of the financial statements.                 estimated future cash flows to their present value. We estimate the
                                                                         discounted future cash flows for periods of up to five years,
Goodwill                                                                 depending on the CGU, and a terminal value. The future cash flows
We recognize goodwill arising from business combinations when            are based on our estimates and expected future operating results
the fair value of the separately identifiable assets we acquired and     of the CGU after considering economic conditions and a general
liabilities we assumed is lower than the consideration we paid           outlook for the CGU’s industry. Our discount rates consider market
(including the recognized amount of the non-controlling interest, if     rates of return, debt to equity ratios, and certain risk premiums,
any). If the fair value of the consideration transferred is lower than   among other things. The terminal value is the value attributed to
that of the separately identified assets and liabilities, we             the CGU’s operations beyond the projected time period of the
immediately recognize the difference as a gain in net income.            cash flows using a perpetuity rate based on expected economic
                                                                         conditions and a general outlook for the industry.
IMPAIRMENT TESTING                                                       We determine fair value less costs to sell in one of the following two
We test intangible assets with finite useful lives for impairment        ways:
whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that their        • analyzing discounted cash flows – we estimate the discounted
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We test indefinite-life           future cash flows for five-year periods and a terminal value,
intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually as at               similar to the value in use methodology described above, while
October 1, or more frequently if we identify indicators of impairment.     applying assumptions consistent with those a market participant
                                                                           would make. Future cash flows are based on our estimates of
If we cannot estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
                                                                           expected future operating results of the CGU. Our estimates of
intangible asset because it does not generate independent cash
                                                                           future cash flows, terminal values, and discount rates consider
inflows, we test the entire cash-generating unit (CGU) to which it
                                                                           similar factors to those described above for value in use
belongs for impairment.
                                                                           estimates; or
Goodwill is allocated to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) based on the           • using a market approach – we estimate the recoverable amount
level at which management monitors goodwill, which cannot be               of the CGU using multiples of operating performance of
higher than an operating segment. The allocation of goodwill is            comparable entities and precedent transactions in that industry.
made to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit
                                                                         We make certain assumptions when deriving expected future cash
from the synergies and future growth of the business combinations
                                                                         flows, which may include assumptions pertaining to discount and
from which the goodwill arose.
                                                                         terminal growth rates. These assumptions may differ or change
                                                                         quickly depending on economic conditions or other events. It is
Recognition and measurement of an impairment charge
                                                                         therefore possible that future changes in assumptions may
An intangible asset or goodwill is impaired if the recoverable
                                                                         negatively affect future valuations of CGUs and goodwill, which
amount is less than the carrying amount. The recoverable amount
                                                                         could result in impairment losses.
of a CGU or asset is the higher of its:
• fair value less costs to sell; and
• value in use.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   113
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         JUDGMENTS                                                                                       Judgment is also applied in choosing methods of amortizing our
         We make significant judgments that affect the measurement of our                                intangible assets and program rights that we believe most
         intangible assets and goodwill.                                                                 accurately represent the consumption of those assets and are most
                                                                                                         representative of the economic substance of the intended use of
         Judgment is applied when deciding to designate our spectrum                                     the underlying assets.
         and broadcast licences as assets with indefinite useful lives since we
         believe the licences are likely to be renewed for the foreseeable                               Finally, we make judgments in determining CGUs and the
         future such that there is no limit to the period over which these                               allocation of goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose
         assets are expected to generate net cash inflows. We make                                       of impairment testing. In particular for Media, we have determined
         judgments to determine that these assets have indefinite lives,                                 that goodwill is monitored and should be tested for impairment at
         analyzing all relevant factors, including the expected usage of the                             the Media segment level as a whole, rather than at the underlying
         asset, the typical life cycle of the asset, and anticipated changes in                          business by business level, based on the interdependencies across
         the market demand for the products and services the asset helps                                 Media and how it sells and goes to market.
         generate. After review of the competitive, legal, regulatory, and
         other factors, it is our view that these factors do not limit the useful
         lives of our spectrum and broadcast licences.

         DETAILS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
         The tables below summarize our intangible assets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

         (In millions of dollars)                                                     Indefinite-life                        Finite-life
                                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                       Acquired             Total                     intangible
                                                                        Spectrum         Broadcast       Brand         Customer        program         intangible                     assets and
                                                                         licences          licences     names       relationships         rights           assets      Goodwill         goodwill

         Cost
                As at January 1, 2022                                      11,714               330       420               1,669            210           14,343          4,245          18,588
                Accumulated impairment losses                                   –               (99)      (14)                  –             (5)            (118)          (221)           (339)
                Cost, net of impairment losses                             11,714               231       406               1,669            205           14,225          4,024          18,249
                Additions                                                       –                 –         –                   5             47               52              7              59
                Disposals and other 1                                           –                 –         –                   –            (68)             (68)             –             (68)
                As at December 31, 2022                                    11,714               231       406               1,674            184           14,209          4,031          18,240

         Accumulated amortization
             As at January 1, 2022                                                –                –      270               1,606              68            1,944               –         1,944
             Amortization 2                                                       –                –        –                  21              61               82               –            82
             Disposals and other 1                                                –                –        –                   –             (68)             (68)              –           (68)
                As at December 31, 2022                                           –                 –     270               1,627             61             1,958               –         1,958

         Net carrying amount
             As at January 1, 2022                                         11,714               231       136                   63           137           12,281          4,024          16,305
                As at December 31, 2022                                    11,714               231       136                   47           123           12,251          4,031          16,282
         1   Includes disposals, impairments, reclassifications, and other adjustments.
         2   Of the $82 million of total amortization, $61 million related to acquired program rights is included in other external purchases in “operating costs” (see note 6), and $21 million in
             “depreciation and amortization” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.




114   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In millions of dollars)                                                     Indefinite-life                        Finite-life
                                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                              Acquired             Total                     intangible
                                                               Spectrum         Broadcast       Brand         Customer        program         intangible                     assets and
                                                                licences          licences     names       relationships         rights           assets      Goodwill         goodwill

Cost
       As at January 1, 2021                                        8,371              333       420               1,623            233           10,980           4,194         15,174
       Accumulated impairment losses                                    –              (99)      (14)                  –             (5)            (118)           (221)          (339)
       Cost, net of impairment losses                               8,371              234       406               1,623            228           10,862           3,973         14,835
       Additions                                                    3,343                 –        –                  46             54            3,443              51          3,494
       Disposals and other 1                                            –                (3)       –                   –            (77)             (80)              –            (80)
       As at December 31, 2021                                    11,714               231       406               1,669            205           14,225           4,024         18,249

Accumulated amortization
    As at January 1, 2021                                                –                –      270               1,589              77            1,936               –         1,936
    Amortization 2                                                       –                –        –                  17              68               85               –            85
    Disposals and other 1                                                –                –        –                   –             (77)             (77)              –           (77)
       As at December 31, 2021                                           –                –      270               1,606             68             1,944               –         1,944

Net carrying amount
    As at January 1, 2021                                          8,371               234       136                   34           151            8,926           3,973         12,899
    As at December 31, 2021                                       11,714               231       136                   63           137           12,281           4,024         16,305
1   Includes disposals, impairments, reclassifications, and other adjustments.
2   Of the $85 million of total amortization, $68 million related to acquired program rights is included in other external purchases in “operating costs” (see note 6), and $17 million in
    “depreciation and amortization” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

In July 2021, Innovation, Science and Economic Development                                      awarded 325 spectrum licences covering the vast majority of the
Canada (ISED Canada) announced the results of the 3500 MHz                                      Canadian population at a total cost of $3.3 billion.
spectrum licence auction that began in June 2021. We were

ANNUAL IMPAIRMENT TESTING
For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, our CGUs, or groups of CGUs, correspond to our operating segments as disclosed in
note 4.

Below is an overview of the methods and key assumptions we used in 2022, as of October 1, to determine recoverable amounts for CGUs,
or groups of CGUs, with indefinite-life intangible assets or goodwill that we consider significant.

(In millions of dollars, except periods used and rates)
                                                        Carrying value                                                  Period of
                              Carrying value          of indefinite-life         Recoverable                       projected cash           Terminal growth         Pre-tax discount
                                of goodwill          intangible assets           amount method                       flows (years)                 rates (%)                rates (%)
Wireless                                 1,160                    11,848         Value in use                                        5                       2.0                     8.5
Cable                                    1,902                         –         Value in use                                        5                       1.5                     8.0
Media                                      969                       232         Fair value less cost to sell                        5                       2.0                    12.2

Our fair value measurement for Media is classified as Level 3 in the                            We did not recognize an impairment charge related to our
fair value hierarchy.                                                                           goodwill or intangible assets in 2022 or 2021 because the
                                                                                                recoverable amounts of the CGUs, or groups of CGUs, exceeded
                                                                                                their carrying values.




                                                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                    |   115
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 10: RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                        RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER COSTS
         We define restructuring costs as employee costs associated with
         the targeted restructuring of our employee base, or other costs                                                                       Years ended December 31
         associated with significant changes in either the scope of business
                                                                                                  (In millions of dollars)                      Note    2022     2021
         activities or the manner in which business is conducted. Acquisition
         and integration costs are directly attributable to investigating or                      Restructuring and other                                 118     187
         completing an acquisition or to integrating an acquired business.                        Shaw acquisition-related costs                   30     192     137
         Other costs are costs that, in management’s judgment about their                         Total restructuring, acquisition and other              310     324
         nature, should be segregated from ongoing operating expenses.
                                                                                                  The acquisition costs in 2022 and 2021 primarily consisted of
         JUDGMENTS                                                                                incremental costs supporting acquisition and integration activities
         We make significant judgments in determining the appropriate                             related to the Shaw Transaction. The restructuring and other costs
         classification of costs to be included in “restructuring, acquisition                    in 2022 were primarily severance costs associated with the targeted
         and other”.                                                                              restructuring of our employee base. In 2021, the restructuring and
                                                                                                  other costs primarily consisted of severance costs associated with
                                                                                                  the targeted restructuring of our employee base, certain contract
                                                                                                  termination costs, incremental, temporary costs incurred in
                                                                                                  response to COVID-19, and other costs.


         NOTE 11: FINANCE COSTS
                                                             Years ended December 31              FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND CHANGE IN FAIR VALUE OF
         (In millions of dollars)                                Note       2022        2021      DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                  We recognized $127 million in net foreign exchange losses in 2022
         Interest on borrowings                                               907         745
                                                                                                  (2021 – $10 million in net losses). These losses were primarily
         Interest on Shaw senior note financing                               447           –
                                                                                                  attributed to our US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 (see note 21)
         Total interest on borrowings 1                              21     1,354         745     and our US CP program borrowings (see note 17).
         Interest earned on restricted cash and
            cash equivalents                                                 (235)           –    These foreign exchange losses were offset by the $126 million gain
                                                                                                  related to the change in fair value of derivatives (2021 – $6 million
         Interest on borrowings, net                                        1,119         745     gain) that was primarily attributed to the debt derivatives, which
         Interest on lease liabilities                                  8      80          74     were not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, we used
         Interest on post-employment benefits                                                     to substantially offset the foreign exchange risk related to these US
            liability                                                23        (1)         14
                                                                                                  dollar-denominated borrowings.
         Loss on foreign exchange                                             127          10
         Change in fair value of derivative
            instruments                                                      (126)         (6)
         Capitalized interest                                                 (29)        (17)
         Deferred transaction costs and other                                  63          29
         Total finance costs                                                1,233         849
         1   Interest on borrowings includes interest on short-term borrowings and on long-term
             debt.



         NOTE 12: OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE
                                                             Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                              Note         2022        2021
         Losses from associates and joint
           ventures                                                18          31          44
         Other investment income                                              (46)        (42)
         Total other (income) expense                                         (15)           2




116   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 13: INCOME TAXES
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                            INCOME TAX EXPENSE
Income tax expense includes both current and deferred taxes. We
recognize income tax expense in net income unless it relates to an                                                           Years ended December 31
item recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
                                                                             (In millions of dollars)                               2022         2021
We provide for income taxes based on all of the information that is
currently available.                                                         Total current tax expense                               325          458
                                                                             Deferred tax expense:
Current tax expense is tax we expect to pay or receive based on                   Origination of temporary differences               284          111
our taxable income or loss during the year. We calculate the
                                                                             Total income tax expense                                609          569
current tax expense using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted as at the reporting date, including any adjustment to taxes
payable or receivable related to previous years.                             Below is a summary of the difference between income tax expense
                                                                             computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income
Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences         before income tax expense and the actual income tax expense for
between the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities we                the year.
recognize on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
and their respective tax bases. We calculate deferred tax assets and                                                         Years ended December 31
liabilities using enacted or substantively enacted tax rates that will
                                                                             (In millions of dollars, except tax rates)             2022         2021
apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected
to reverse.                                                                  Statutory income tax rate                              26.5%       26.5%
                                                                             Income before income tax expense                       2,289       2,127
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally
enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and they      Computed income tax expense                             607          564
relate to income taxes levied by the same authority on:                      Increase (decrease) in income tax expense
• the same taxable entity; or                                                  resulting from:
                                                                                  Non-deductible stock-based
• different taxable entities where these entities intend to settle
                                                                                    compensation                                      10             1
   current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or the tax assets
                                                                                  Non-deductible portion of equity
   and liabilities will be realized and settled simultaneously.
                                                                                    losses                                              9          12
We recognize a deferred tax asset for unused losses, tax credits,                 Non-taxable portion of capital gains                 (5)          –
and deductible temporary differences to the extent it is probable                 Non-taxable income from security
that future taxable income will be available to use the asset.                      investments                                       (12)         (11)
                                                                                  Other                                                 –            3
JUDGMENTS                                                                    Total income tax expense                                 609         569
We make significant judgments in interpreting tax rules and                  Effective income tax rate                              26.6%       26.8%
regulations when we calculate income tax expense. We make
judgments to evaluate whether we can recover a deferred tax asset
based on our assessment of existing tax laws, estimates of future
profitability, and tax planning strategies.

DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Below is a summary of the movement of net deferred tax assets and liabilities during 2022 and 2021.

                                                    Property,                                                       Contract and
                                                    plant and         Goodwill                        Non-capital       deferred
Deferred tax assets (liabilities)              equipment and         and other                               loss    commission
(In millions of dollars)                            inventory      intangibles Investments          carryforwards     cost assets     Other      Total
December 31, 2021                                        (1,608)          (1,578)          (135)              24            (124)       (18)    (3,439)
(Expense) recovery in net income                           (122)            (175)             (1)            (19)             37         (4)      (284)
Recovery in other comprehensive income                        –                 –            47                –               –         24         71
Acquisitions                                                  –                (1)             –               1               –          –          –
December 31, 2022                                       (1,730)       (1,754)               (89)               6             (87)           2   (3,652)




                                                                                                        2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   117
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                          Property,                                                           Contract and
                                                                          plant and            Goodwill                         Non-capital       deferred
         Deferred tax assets (liabilities)                           equipment and            and other                                loss    commission
         (In millions of dollars)                                         inventory         intangibles Investments           carryforwards     cost assets       Other         Total
         December 31, 2020                                                       (1,484)             (1,450)         (130)              16             (183)         35       (3,196)
         (Expense) recovery in net income                                          (122)               (116)            (2)              8               59          62         (111)
         Expense in other comprehensive income                                         –                   –           (3)               –                –        (115)        (118)
         Acquisitions                                                                 (2)                (12)            –               –                –           –          (14)
         December 31, 2021                                                      (1,608)              (1,578)         (135)              24             (124)           (18)   (3,439)

         We have not recognized deferred tax assets for the following items:                            There are taxable temporary differences associated with our
                                                                                                        investments in Canadian domestic subsidiaries. We do not
                                                                        As at December 31               recognize deferred tax liabilities for these temporary differences
         (In millions of dollars)                                           2022            2021        because we are able to control the timing of the reversal and the
                                                                                                        reversal is not probable in the foreseeable future. Reversing these
         Realized and accrued capital losses in                                                         taxable temporary differences is not expected to result in any
           Canada that can be applied against future                                                    significant tax implications.
           capital gains                                                        73            75
         Tax losses in foreign jurisdictions 1                                  73            68
         Deductible temporary differences in foreign
           jurisdictions                                                        13            40
         Total unrecognized temporary differences                             159           183
         1   $43 million of the tax losses in foreign jurisdictions expires between 2023 and 2037,
             the remaining $30 million can be carried forward indefinitely.



         NOTE 14: EARNINGS PER SHARE
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                              EARNINGS PER SHARE CALCULATION
         We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing the net income
         or loss attributable to our RCI Class A Voting and RCI Class B                                                                                Years ended December 31
                                                                                                        (In millions of dollars,
         Non-Voting shareholders by the weighted average number of RCI
                                                                                                        except per share amounts)                              2022            2021
         Class A Voting and RCI Class B Non-Voting shares (Class A Shares
         and Class B Non-Voting Shares, respectively) outstanding during                                Numerator (basic) – Net income for
         the year.                                                                                       the year                                              1,680           1,558
                                                                                                        Denominator – Number of shares (in
         We calculate diluted earnings per share by adjusting the net                                      millions):
         income or loss attributable to Class A and Class B Non-Voting                                       Weighted average number of
         shareholders and the weighted average number of Class A Shares                                         shares outstanding – basic                      505             505
         and Class B Non-Voting Shares outstanding for the effect of all                                Effect of dilutive securities (in millions):
         dilutive potential common shares. We use the treasury stock                                         Employee stock options and
                                                                                                                restricted share units                            1                1
         method for calculating diluted earnings per share, which considers
         the impact of employee stock options and other potentially dilutive                            Weighted average number of shares
         instruments.                                                                                    outstanding – diluted                                  506             506
                                                                                                        Earnings per share:
         Options with tandem stock appreciation rights or cash payment                                      Basic                                             $ 3.33          $ 3.09
         alternatives are accounted for as cash-settled awards. As these                                    Diluted                                           $ 3.32          $ 3.07
         awards can be exchanged for common shares of RCI, they are
         considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation                            For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounting for
         of our diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact                           outstanding share-based payments using the equity-settled
         in the period.                                                                                 method for stock-based compensation was determined to be
                                                                                                        more dilutive than using the cash-settled method. As a result, net
                                                                                                        income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was reduced by
                                                                                                        $2 million (2021 – $3 million) in the diluted earnings per share
                                                                                                        calculation.
                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were 7,806,315
                                                                                                        options out of the money (2021 – 4,148,549) for purposes of the
                                                                                                        calculation of earnings per share. These options were excluded
                                                                                                        from the calculation of the effect of dilutive securities because they
                                                                                                        were anti-dilutive.




118   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 15: ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           The long-term portion of our accounts receivable is recorded within
Accounts receivable represent (i) amounts owing to us that are              “financing receivables” on our Consolidated Statements of
currently due and collectible and (ii) amounts owed to us under             Financial Position and is composed of our financing receivables
device financing agreements that have not yet been billed. We               that will be billed to customers beyond one year of the date of the
initially recognize accounts receivable on the date they originate.         financial statements.
We measure accounts receivable initially at fair value and                  Below is a breakdown of our financing receivable balances.
subsequently at amortized cost, with changes recognized in net
income. We measure an impairment loss for accounts receivable as
                                                                                                                                As at December 31
the excess of the carrying amount over the present value of future
cash flows we expect to derive from it, if any. The excess is allocated     (In millions of dollars)                                2022       2021
to an allowance for doubtful accounts and recognized as a loss in           Current financing receivables                          1,922      1,792
net income.                                                                 Long-term financing receivables                          886        854

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE BY TYPE                                                 Total financing receivables                            2,808      2,646

                                                   As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                        Note     2022      2021
Customer accounts receivable                             4,417 4,150
Other accounts receivable                                  835   791
Allowance for doubtful accounts                    17     (182) (240)
Total accounts receivable                                5,070    4,701
Current                                                  4,184    3,847
Long-term                                                  886      854
Total accounts receivable                                5,070    4,701


NOTE 16: INVENTORIES
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           INVENTORIES BY TYPE
We measure inventories, including wireless devices and
merchandise for resale, at the lower of cost (determined on a                                                                   As at December 31
weighted average cost basis for wireless devices and accessories            (In millions of dollars)                               2022        2021
and a first-in, first-out basis for other finished goods and
                                                                            Wireless devices and accessories                        357         436
merchandise) and net realizable value. We reverse a previous
                                                                            Other finished goods and merchandise                     81          99
writedown to net realizable value, not to exceed the original
recognized cost, if the inventories later increase in value.                Total inventories                                       438         535

                                                                            Cost of equipment sales and merchandise for resale includes
                                                                            $2,376 million of inventory costs for 2022 (2021 – $2,432 million).


NOTE 17: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
ACCOUNTING POLICY
Recognition
We initially recognize cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, bank advances, accounts receivable, financing
receivables, debt securities, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the date they originate. All other financial assets and financial
liabilities are initially recognized on the trade date when we become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Classification and measurement
We measure financial instruments by grouping them into classes upon initial recognition, based on the purpose of the individual
instruments. We initially measure all financial instruments at fair value plus, in the case of our financial instruments not classified as fair value
through profit and loss (FVTPL) or FVTOCI, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issuance of the financial
instruments. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes, the effective portion of the hedge is recognized in
accumulated other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized immediately into net income.




                                                                                                       2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   119
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         The classifications and methods of measurement subsequent to initial recognition of our financial assets and financial liabilities are as
         follows:

              Financial instrument                                                                                 Classification and measurement method
              Financial assets
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                         Amortized cost
                 Restricted cash and cash equivalents                                                              Amortized cost
                 Accounts receivable                                                                               Amortized cost
                 Financing receivables                                                                             Amortized cost
                 Investments, measured at FVTOCI                                                                   FVTOCI with no reclassification to net income 1

              Financial liabilities
                 Bank advances                                                                                     Amortized cost
                 Short-term borrowings                                                                             Amortized cost
                 Accounts payable                                                                                  Amortized cost
                 Accrued liabilities                                                                               Amortized cost
                 Long-term debt                                                                                    Amortized cost
                 Lease liabilities                                                                                 Amortized cost

              Derivatives 2
                Debt derivatives 3                                                                                 FVTOCI and FVTPL
                Interest rate derivatives                                                                          FVTOCI
                Expenditure derivatives                                                                            FVTOCI
                Equity derivatives                                                                                 FVTPL 4
         1 Subsequently measured at fair value with changes recognized in the FVTOCI investment reserve.
         2 Derivatives can be in an asset or liability position at a point in time historically or in the future.
         3 Debt derivatives related to our credit facility and commercial paper borrowings have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are measured at FVTPL. All

           debt derivatives related to our senior notes and debentures are designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are measured at FVTOCI, with the exception of the debt
           derivatives related to our US dollar-denominated notes due 2025, which are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
         4 Subsequent changes are offset against stock-based compensation expense or recovery in “operating costs”.




         Restricted cash and cash equivalents
         Our $12,837 million in restricted funds are recognized as “restricted cash and cash equivalents” on the Consolidated Statements of
         Financial Position. The substantial majority of these funds were held as cash deposits with major financial institutions as at December 31,
         2022. The remaining restricted cash equivalents have been invested in short-term, highly liquid investments and are readily convertible to
         cash with no associated penalties.

         Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
         We offset financial assets and financial liabilities and present the net amount on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when
         we have a legal right to offset them and intend to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and liability simultaneously.

         Derivative instruments
         We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to certain activities in which we are involved. They include:

             Derivatives                      The risk they manage                                                Types of derivative instruments
             Debt derivatives                 Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                 Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
                                              principal and interest payments for US dollar-
                                                                                                                  Forward cross-currency interest rate exchange
                                              denominated senior and subordinated notes and
                                                                                                                  agreements
                                              debentures, credit facility borrowings, commercial
                                              paper borrowings, and certain lease liabilities                     Forward foreign exchange agreements
             Interest rate derivatives        Impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on                  Forward interest rate agreements
                                              forecast interest payments for expected long-term
                                                                                                                  Interest rate swap agreements
                                              debt
                                                                                                                  Bond forwards
             Expenditure derivatives          Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                 Forward foreign exchange agreements and foreign
                                              forecast US dollar-denominated expenditures                         exchange option agreements
             Equity derivatives               Impact of fluctuations in share price of our Class B                Total return swap agreements
                                              Non-Voting Shares on stock-based compensation
                                              expense




120   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We use derivatives only to manage risk, and not for speculative           receivables, and contract assets without significant financing
purposes.                                                                 components, must always be recorded at lifetime expected credit
                                                                          losses.
When we designate a derivative instrument as a hedging
instrument for accounting purposes, we first determine that the           Lifetime expected credit losses are estimates of all possible default
hedging instrument will be highly effective in offsetting the             events over the expected life of a financial instrument. Twelve­
changes in fair value or cash flows of the item it is hedging. We         month expected credit losses are estimates of all possible default
then formally document the relationship between the hedging               events within one year of the reporting date or over the expected
instrument and hedged item, including the risk management                 life of a financial instrument, whichever is shorter.
objectives and strategy and the methods we will use to assess the
                                                                          Financial assets that are significant in value are assessed individually.
ongoing effectiveness of the hedging relationship.
                                                                          All other financial assets are assessed collectively based on the
We assess, on a quarterly basis, whether each hedging instrument          nature of each asset.
continues to be highly effective in offsetting the changes in the fair
                                                                          We measure impairment for financial assets as follows:
value or cash flows of the item it is hedging.
                                                                          • contract assets – we measure an impairment loss for contract
We assess host contracts in order to identify embedded derivatives.         assets based on the lifetime expected credit losses, which is
Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and               allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts and recognized
accounted for as separate derivatives if the host contract is not a         as a loss in net income (see note 5);
financial asset and certain criteria are met.                             • accounts receivable – we measure an impairment loss for
                                                                            accounts receivable based on the lifetime expected credit losses,
Hedge ratio                                                                 which is allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts and
                                                                            recognized as a loss in net income (see note 15);
Our policy is to hedge 100% of the foreign currency risk arising
                                                                          • financing receivables – we measure an impairment loss for
from principal and interest payment obligations on US dollar-
                                                                            financing receivables based on the lifetime expected credit
denominated senior notes and debentures using debt derivatives.
                                                                            losses, which is allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts
We also hedge up to 100% of the remaining lease payments when
                                                                            and recognized as a loss in net income (see note 15); and
we enter into debt derivatives on our US dollar-denominated lease         • investments measured at FVTOCI – we measure an impairment
liabilities. We typically hedge up to 100% of forecast foreign              loss for equity investments measured at FVTOCI as the excess of
currency expenditures net of foreign currency cash inflows using            the cost to acquire the asset (less any impairment loss we have
expenditure derivatives. From time to time, we hedge up to 100%             previously recognized) over its current fair value, if any. The
of the interest rate risk on forecast future senior note issuances          difference is recognized in the FVTOCI investment reserve.
using interest rate derivatives.
                                                                          We consider financial assets to be in default when, in the case of
                                                                          contract assets, accounts receivable, and financing receivables, the
Hedging reserve
                                                                          counterparty is unlikely to satisfy its obligations to us in full. Our
The hedging reserve represents the accumulated change in fair
                                                                          investments measured at FVTOCI cannot default. To determine if
value of our derivative instruments to the extent they were effective
                                                                          our financial assets are in default, we consider the amount of time
hedges for accounting purposes, less accumulated amounts
                                                                          for which the individual asset has been outstanding, the reason for
reclassified into net income.                                             the amount being outstanding (for example, if the customer has
                                                                          ongoing service or, if they have been deactivated, whether
Deferred transaction costs and discounts                                  voluntarily or involuntarily), and the risk profile of the underlying
We defer transaction costs and discounts associated with issuing          customers. We typically write off accounts receivable when they
and amending long-term debt and direct costs we pay to lenders            have been outstanding for a significant period of time.
to obtain certain credit facilities and amortize them using the
effective interest method over the life of the related instrument.        ESTIMATES
                                                                          Fair value estimates related to our derivatives are made at a specific
FVTOCI investment reserve                                                 point in time based on relevant market information and information
The FVTOCI investment reserve represents the accumulated                  about the underlying financial instruments. These estimates require
change in fair value of our equity investments that are measured at       assessment of the credit risk of the parties to the instruments and
FVTOCI less accumulated impairment losses related to the                  the instruments’ discount rates. These fair values and underlying
investments and accumulated amounts reclassified into equity.             estimates are also used in the tests of effectiveness of our hedging
                                                                          relationships.
Impairment (expected credit losses)
We consider the credit risk of a financial asset at initial recognition   JUDGMENTS
and at each reporting period thereafter until it is derecognized. For     We make significant judgments in determining whether our financial
a financial asset that is determined to have low credit risk at the       instruments qualify for hedge accounting. These judgments include
reporting date and that has not had significant increases in credit       assessing whether the forecast transactions designated as hedged
risk since initial recognition, we measure any impairment loss based      items in hedging relationships will materialize as forecast, whether the
on the credit losses we expect to recognize over the next one year        hedging relationships designated as effective hedges for accounting
of the date of the financial statements. For other financial assets, we   purposes continue to qualitatively be effective, and determining the
will measure an impairment loss based on the lifetime expected            methodology to determine the fair values used in testing the
credit losses. Certain assets, such as trade receivables, financing       effectiveness of hedging relationships.




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   121
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         FINANCIAL RISKS                                                                                      accounts receivable and financing receivables. As at December 31,
         We are exposed to credit, liquidity, market price, foreign exchange,                                 2022, $513 million (2021 – $442 million) of gross accounts
         and interest rate risks. Our primary risk management objective is to                                 receivable and financing receivables are considered past due,
         protect our income, cash flows, and, ultimately, shareholder value.                                  which is defined as amounts outstanding beyond normal credit
         We design and implement the risk management strategies                                               terms and conditions for the respective customers.
         discussed below to ensure our risks and the related exposures are                                    Below is a summary of the aging of our customer accounts
         consistent with our business objectives and risk tolerance. Below is                                 receivable, including financing receivables, net of the respective
         a summary of our potential risk exposures by financial instrument.                                   allowances for doubtful accounts.

             Financial instrument                             Financial risks                                                                                             As at December 31
             Financial assets
                                                                                                              (In millions of dollars)                                        2022         2021
                 Cash and cash equivalents                    Credit and foreign exchange
                 Restricted cash and cash                                                                     Customer accounts receivable
                  equivalents                                 Credit                                              Unbilled financing receivables                             2,808         2,646
                 Accounts receivable                          Credit and foreign exchange                         Less than 30 days past billing date                          977           895
                 Financing receivables                        Credit                                              30-60 days past billing date                                 236           214
                 Investments, measured at                     Liquidity, market price, and                        61-90 days past billing date                                 111            89
                  FVTOCI                                      foreign exchange                                    Greater than 90 days past billing date                       103            66
             Financial liabilities                                                                            Total customer accounts receivable (net of
                 Bank advances                                Liquidity                                         allowances of $182 and $240, respectively)                   4,235         3,910
                 Short-term borrowings                        Liquidity, foreign exchange,                    Total contract assets (net of allowances of $2
                                                              and interest rate                                 and $3, respectively)                                           197          204
                  Accounts payable                            Liquidity
                  Accrued liabilities                         Liquidity                                       Total customer accounts receivable and
                  Long-term debt                              Liquidity, foreign exchange,                      contract assets                                              4,432         4,114
                                                              and interest rate
                  Lease liabilities                           Liquidity and foreign                           Below is a summary of the activity related to our allowance for
                                                              exchange                                        doubtful accounts on total customer accounts receivable and
             Derivatives 1                                                                                    contract assets.
                 Debt derivatives                             Credit, liquidity, and foreign
                                                              exchange
                                                                                                                                                                Years ended December 31
                  Interest rate derivatives                   Credit, liquidity, and interest
                                                              rate                                            (In millions of dollars)                                   2022              2021
                  Expenditure derivatives                     Credit, liquidity, and foreign
                                                              exchange                                        Balance, beginning of year                                  243                250
                  Equity derivatives                          Credit, liquidity, and market                   Allowance for doubtful accounts
                                                              price                                              expense 1                                                  87               155
                                                                                                              Net use                                                     (146)             (162)
         1   Derivatives can be in an asset or liability position at a point in time historically or in the
             future.                                                                                          Balance, end of year                                        184                243
                                                                                                              1   Includes a $60 million reversal in 2022 of the remaining incremental $90 million
         CREDIT RISK                                                                                              COVID-19-related allowance for doubtful accounts recognized in 2020.
         Credit risk represents the financial loss we could experience if a
                                                                                                              We use various controls and processes, such as credit checks,
         counterparty to a financial instrument, from whom we have an
                                                                                                              deposits on account, and billing in advance, to mitigate credit risk.
         amount owing, failed to meet its obligations under the terms and
                                                                                                              We monitor and take appropriate action to suspend services when
         conditions of its contracts with us.
                                                                                                              customers have fully used their approved credit limits or violated
         Our credit risk exposure is primarily attributable to our cash and                                   established payment terms. While our credit controls and
         cash equivalents, our restricted cash and cash equivalents, our                                      processes have been effective in managing credit risk, they cannot
         accounts receivable, our financing receivables, and to our debt,                                     eliminate credit risk and there can be no assurance these controls
         interest rate, expenditure, and equity derivatives. Our broad                                        will continue to be effective or our current credit loss experience
         customer base limits the concentration of this risk. Our “accounts                                   will continue.
         receivables” and “financing receivables” on the Consolidated
         Statements of Financial Position are net of allowances for doubtful                                  Derivative instruments
         accounts.                                                                                            Credit risk related to our debt derivatives, interest rate derivatives,
                                                                                                              expenditure derivatives, and equity derivatives arises from the
         Accounts receivable and financing receivables                                                        possibility that the counterparties to the agreements may default
         Our accounts receivable and financing receivables do not contain                                     on their obligations. We assess the creditworthiness of the
         significant financing components as defined by IFRS 15 and                                           counterparties to minimize the risk of counterparty default and do
         therefore we measure our allowance for doubtful accounts using                                       not require collateral or other security to support the credit risk
         lifetime expected credit losses related to our accounts receivable                                   associated with these derivatives. Counterparties to the entire
         and financing receivables. We believe the allowance for doubtful                                     portfolio of our derivatives are financial institutions with a S&P
         accounts sufficiently reflects the credit risk associated with our                                   Global Ratings (or the equivalent) ranging from A to AA-.



122   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
LIQUIDITY RISK                                                                              monitoring actual and projected cash flows to ensure we will have
Liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our financial                   sufficient liquidity to meet our liabilities when due, under both
obligations as they fall due. We manage liquidity risk by managing                          normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable
our commitments and maturities, capital structure, and financial                            losses or risking damage to our reputation.
leverage (see note 3). We also manage liquidity risk by continually

Below is a summary of the undiscounted contractual maturities of our financial liabilities and the receivable components of our derivatives
as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

December 31, 2022                                                                    Carrying Contractual             Less than            1 to 3          4 to 5 More than
(In millions of dollars)                                                             amount    cash flows                1 year            years           years    5 years
Short-term borrowings                                                                   2,985             2,985            2,985               –                –           –
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                3,722             3,722            3,722               –                –           –
Long-term debt 1                                                                       31,733            32,855            1,828           4,152            6,954      19,921
Lease liabilities                                                                       2,028             2,616              362             716              320       1,218
Other long-term financial liabilities                                                      10                10                –               3                2           5
Expenditure derivative instruments:
    Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –           1,200           1,200                 –                 –         –
    Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar)                                      –          (1,300)         (1,300)                –                 –         –
Equity derivative instruments                                                                  –             (54)            (54)                –                 –         –
Debt derivative instruments accounted for as hedges:
    Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –         20,221            1,543           2,382            3,295       13,001
    Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                    –        (22,131)          (1,986)         (2,470)          (3,454)     (14,221)
Debt derivative instruments not accounted for as hedges:
    Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                           –               215              215                –                 –         –
    Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                  –              (215)            (215)               –                 –         –
Net carrying amount of derivatives (asset)                                              (1,136)
                                                                                       39,342            40,124            8,300           4,783            7,117      19,924
1   Reflects repayment of the subordinated notes issued in December 2021 and February 2022 on the five-year anniversary.
2   Represents Canadian dollar equivalent amount of US dollar inflows matched to an equal amount of US dollar maturities in long-term debt for debt derivatives.


December 31, 2021                                                                    Carrying Contractual             Less than            1 to 3          4 to 5 More than
(In millions of dollars)                                                             amount    cash flows                1 year            years           years    5 years
Short-term borrowings                                                                   2,200             2,200            2,200               –                –           –
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                3,416             3,416            3,416               –                –           –
Long-term debt 1                                                                       18,688            18,873            1,551           2,312            3,520      11,490
Lease liabilities                                                                       1,957             2,498              336             677              308       1,177
Other long-term financial liabilities                                                      14                14                –               7                2           5
Expenditure derivative instruments:
     Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                            –           1,374           1,240              134                  –         –
     Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar)                                     –          (1,354)         (1,217)            (137)                 –         –
Equity derivative instruments                                                                  –             (36)            (36)               –                  –         –
Debt derivative instruments accounted for as hedges:
     Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                            –         11,313            1,297           1,504            1,607        6,905
     Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                   –        (11,717)          (1,084)         (1,822)          (1,521)      (7,290)
Debt derivative instruments not accounted for as hedges:
     Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                          –             1,390           1,390                 –                 –         –
     Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                 –            (1,401)         (1,401)                –                 –         –
Interest rate derivatives                                                                    –               243             243                 –                 –         –
Net carrying amount of derivatives (asset)                                                (895)
                                                                                       25,380            26,813            7,935           2,675            3,916      12,287
1   Reflects repayment of the subordinated notes issued in December 2021 on the five-year anniversary.
2   Represents Canadian dollar equivalent amount of US dollar inflows matched to an equal amount of US dollar maturities in long-term debt for debt derivatives.




                                                                                                                        2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.             |   123
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the net interest payments over the life of the        designating them as hedges for certain of our forecast operational
         long-term debt, including the impact of the associated debt                 and capital expenditures. As at December 31, 2022, with the
         derivatives, as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.                              exception of the debt derivatives related to our US dollar-
                                                                                     denominated senior notes due 2025, all of our US dollar-
         December 31, 2022                 Less than   1 to 3   4 to 5   More than   denominated long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and lease
         (In millions of dollars)             1 year   years    years      5 years   liabilities were hedged against fluctuations in foreign exchange
         Net interest payments                1,503    2,639    2,163      13,345    rates using debt derivatives. With respect to our long-term debt
                                                                                     and US CP program, as a result of our debt derivatives, a one-cent
                                                                                     change in the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar would have
         December 31, 2021                 Less than   1 to 3   4 to 5   More than   no effect on net income.
         (In millions of dollars)             1 year   years    years      5 years
                                                                                     A portion of our accounts receivable and accounts payable and
         Net interest payments                  804    1,444    1,321        7,789
                                                                                     accrued liabilities is denominated in US dollars. Due to the short-
                                                                                     term nature of these receivables and payables, they carry no
         MARKET PRICE RISK                                                           significant risk from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates as at
         Market price risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as        December 31, 2022.
         fluctuations in the market prices of our investments measured at
         FVTOCI or our share price, will affect our income, cash flows, or the       INTEREST RATE RISK
         value of our financial instruments.                                         We are exposed to risk of changes in market interest rates due to
                                                                                     the impact this has on interest expense for our short-term
         Market price risk – publicly traded investments                             borrowings and bank credit facilities. As at December 31, 2022,
         We manage risk related to fluctuations in the market prices of our          91.2% of our outstanding long-term debt and short-term
         investments in publicly traded companies by regularly reviewing             borrowings was at fixed interest rates (2021 – 89.3%).
         publicly available information related to these investments to
         ensure that any risks are within our established levels of risk             Sensitivity analysis
         tolerance. We do not engage in risk management practices such as            Below is a sensitivity analysis for significant exposures with respect
         hedging, derivatives, or short selling with respect to our publicly         to our publicly traded investments, expenditure derivatives, debt
         traded investments.                                                         derivatives, interest rate derivatives, short-term borrowings, senior
                                                                                     notes, and bank credit facilities as at December 31, 2022 and 2021
         Market price risk – Class B Non-Voting Shares                               with all other variables held constant. It shows how net income and
         Our liability related to stock-based compensation is remeasured at          other comprehensive income would have been affected by
         fair value each period. Stock-based compensation expense is                 changes in the relevant risk variables.
         affected by changes in the price of our Class B Non-Voting Shares
         during the life of an award, including stock options, restricted share                                                                   Other
         units (RSUs), and deferred share units (DSUs). We use equity                                                                     comprehensive
         derivatives from time to time to manage the exposure in our stock-                                                    Net income       income
         based compensation liability. As a result of our equity derivatives, a      (Change in millions of dollars)           2022 2021 2022 2021
         one-dollar change in the price of a Class B Non-Voting Share                Share price of publicly traded
         would not have a material effect on net income.                                investments
                                                                                        $1 change                                 –      –      17      17
                                                                                     Debt derivatives
         FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
                                                                                        0.1% change in interest rates             –      –       –      46
         We use debt derivatives to manage risks from fluctuations in                Interest rate derivatives
         foreign exchange rates associated with our US dollar-denominated               0.1% change in interest rates             –      –       –      76
         long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and lease liabilities. We            Expenditure derivatives – change in
         typically designate the debt derivatives related to our senior notes           foreign exchange rate
         and debentures and lease liabilities as hedges for accounting                  $0.01 change in Cdn$ relative to US$      –      –       7       8
         purposes against the foreign exchange risk associated with specific         Floating interest rate senior notes
         debt instruments and lease contracts, respectively. We have not                1% change in interest rates               –     7        –        –
         designated the debt derivatives related to our US dollar-                   Short-term borrowings
         denominated senior notes due 2025 and our US CP program as                     1% change in interest rates              22    16        –        –
         hedges for accounting purposes. We use expenditure derivatives
         to manage the foreign exchange risk in our operations,




124   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS                                                                                                           As at December 31, 2021
As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of our US dollar-                                                      Notional        Notional   Fair
                                                                             (In millions of dollars,        amount Exchange amount value          Long-
denominated long-term debt instruments were hedged against                   except exchange rates)            (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$) Current term
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates for accounting purposes.
                                                                             Debt derivatives
Below is a summary of our net asset (liability) position for our               accounted for as cash
various derivatives and a summary of the derivative instruments                flow hedges:
assets and derivative instruments liabilities reflected on our                    As assets                    5,859   1.1369   6,661    1,453      26 1,427
                                                                                  As liabilities               5,383   1.3025   7,011     (343)   (154) (189)
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.                               Short-term debt
                                                                               derivatives not
                                                                               accounted for as
                                                As at December 31, 2022
                                                                               hedges:
                            Notional        Notional   Fair                       As assets                    1,104   1.2578   1,389       11     11        –
(In millions of dollars,    amount Exchange amount value          Long-      Net mark-to-market debt
except exchange rates)        (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$) Current term       derivative asset (liability)                               1,121    (117) 1,238
Debt derivatives                                                             Interest rate derivatives
  accounted for as cash                                                         accounted for as cash
  flow hedges:                                                                  flow hedges:
     As assets                7,834   1.1718   9,180   1,330    469 861            As assets (Cdn$)                –        –   3,250       40      40       –
     As liabilities           7,491   1.3000   9,738    (414)   (16) (398)         As liabilities (Cdn$)           –        –     500       (6)     (6)      –
Short-term debt                                                                    As liabilities (US$)        2,000        –       –     (277)   (277)      –
  derivatives not
  accounted for as                                                           Net mark-to-market
  hedges:                                                                     interest rate derivative
                                                                              liability                                                   (243)   (243)      –
     As assets                1,173   1.2930   1,517     72      72     –
                                                                             Expenditure derivatives
Net mark-to-market debt
                                                                               accounted for as cash
 derivative asset                                       988     525   463
                                                                               flow hedges:
Expenditure derivatives                                                           As assets                     438    1.2453    545        11       7       4
  accounted for as cash                                                           As liabilities                630    1.3151    829       (30)    (30)      –
  flow hedges:
                                                                             Net mark-to-market
     As assets                 960    1.2500   1,200     94      94     –
                                                                              expenditure derivative
Net mark-to-market                                                            (liability) asset                                            (19)    (23)      4
 expenditure derivative
                                                                             Equity derivatives not
 asset                                                   94      94     –
                                                                               accounted for as
Equity derivatives not                                                         hedges:
  accounted for as                                                               As assets                         –        –    265        36     36        –
  hedges:                                                                    Net mark-to-market asset
    As assets                     –        –    295      54      54     –     (liability)                                                  895    (347) 1,242
Net mark-to-market equity
 derivative asset                                        54      54     –
                                                                             Below is a summary of the net cash proceeds (payments) on debt
Net mark-to-market asset                               1,136    673   463    derivatives and forward contracts.

                                                                                                                                Years ended December 31
                                                                             (In millions of dollars)                                    2022             2021
                                                                             Proceeds on debt derivatives related to US
                                                                               commercial paper                                         9,522           2,911
                                                                             Proceeds on debt derivatives related to
                                                                               credit facility borrowings                                 507           1,003
                                                                             Proceeds on debt derivatives related to
                                                                               senior notes                                               987                –
                                                                             Total proceeds on debt derivatives                     11,016              3,914
                                                                             Payments on debt derivatives related to US
                                                                               commercial paper                                         (9,458)       (2,926)
                                                                             Payments on debt derivatives related to
                                                                               credit facility borrowings                                (498)        (1,005)
                                                                             Payments on debt derivatives related to
                                                                               senior notes                                             (1,019)              –
                                                                             Total payments on debt derivatives                     (10,975)          (3,931)
                                                                             Net proceeds (payments) on settlement of
                                                                               debt derivatives                                            41              (17)
                                                                             Proceeds on Canadian dollar-
                                                                               denominated interest rate derivatives                      113               9
                                                                             Payments on US dollar-denominated
                                                                               Interest rate derivatives                                 (165)               –
                                                                             Net payments on settlement of debt
                                                                              derivatives and forward contracts                            (11)             (8)




                                                                                                           2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.          |   125
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the changes in fair value of our derivative instruments for 2022 and 2021.

                                                                      Debt             Debt
         Year ended December 31, 2022                            derivatives      derivatives     Interest rate    Expenditure           Equity            Total
         (In millions of dollars)                                 (hedged)      (unhedged)          derivatives      derivatives     derivatives    instruments
         Derivative instruments, beginning of year                    1,110              11               (243)              (19)             36            895
         Proceeds received from settlement of derivatives              (987)        (10,029)              (112)          (1,248)               –        (12,376)
         Payment on derivatives settled                               1,019           9,956                165            1,239                –         12,379
         (Decrease) increase in fair value of derivatives              (226)            134                190              122               18            238
         Derivative instruments, end of year                            916               72                  –               94              54         1,136

         Mark-to-market asset                                         1,330               72                  –               94              54         1,550
         Mark-to-market liability                                      (414)               –                  –                –               –          (414)
         Mark-to-market asset                                           916               72                  –               94              54         1,136


                                                                      Debt             Debt
         Year ended December 31, 2021                            derivatives      derivatives     Interest rate    Expenditure           Equity            Total
         (In millions of dollars)                                 (hedged)      (unhedged)          derivatives      derivatives     derivatives    instruments
         Derivative instruments, beginning of year                    1,098              (12)                 –            (109)              34          1,011
         Proceeds received from settlement of derivatives                 –           (3,914)                (9)         (1,201)              (3)        (5,127)
         Payment on derivatives settled                                   –            3,931                  –           1,305                –          5,236
         Increase (decrease) in fair value of derivatives                12                6              (234)             (14)               5           (225)
         Derivative instruments, end of year                          1,110               11              (243)               (19)            36            895

         Mark-to-market asset                                         1,453               11                40                 11             36          1,551
         Mark-to-market liability                                      (343)               –              (283)               (30)             –           (656)
         Mark-to-market asset (liability)                             1,110               11              (243)               (19)            36            895


         Debt derivatives                                                        debt derivatives related to our senior notes, debentures, and lease
         We use cross-currency interest rate agreements and foreign              liabilities as hedges for accounting purposes against the foreign
         exchange forward agreements (collectively, debt derivatives) to         exchange risk or interest rate risk associated with specific issued
         manage risks from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and            and forecast debt instruments. Debt derivatives related to our US
         interest rates associated with our US dollar-denominated senior         dollar-denominated senior notes due 2025 and our credit facility
         notes and debentures, lease liabilities, credit facility borrowings,    and US CP borrowings have not been designated as hedges for
         and US CP borrowings (see note 19). We typically designate the          accounting purposes.

         During 2022 and 2021, we entered and settled debt derivatives related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program as follows:

                                                                                                              Year ended                           Year ended
                                                                                                        December 31, 2022                    December 31, 2021
                                                                                          Notional Exchange Notional            Notional Exchange Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                    (US$)       rate (Cdn$)               (US$)       rate (Cdn$)
         Credit facilities
             Debt derivatives entered                                                              –           –          –          1,200      1.253     1,503
             Debt derivatives settled                                                            400       1.268        507            800      1.254     1,003
             Net cash received (paid) on settlement                                                                       9                                  (2)

         US commercial paper program
             Debt derivatives entered                                                           6,745      1.302      8,781          2,568      1.260     3,235
             Debt derivatives settled                                                           7,292      1.306      9,522          2,312      1.259     2,911
             Net cash received (paid) on settlement                                                                      64                                 (15)




126   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
In 2022, we entered into debt derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with the principal and interest components of the
US dollar-denominated senior notes issued (see note 21). Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered to hedge senior and
subordinated notes issued during 2022. We did not enter into or settle any debt derivatives in 2021 on issued senior and subordinated
notes.

(In millions of dollars, except for coupon and interest rates)                                          US$                                 Hedging effect
                                                               Principal/Notional                                               Fixed hedged (Cdn$)
Effective date                                                     amount (US$)             Maturity date Coupon rate                   interest rate 1 Equivalent (Cdn$)
2022 issuances
    February 11, 2022                                                           750                   2082          5.250%                   5.635%                 951
    March 11, 2022 2                                                          1,000                   2025          2.950%                   2.991%               1,283
    March 11, 2022                                                            1,300                   2027          3.200%                   3.413%               1,674
    March 11, 2022                                                            2,000                   2032          3.800%                   4.232%               2,567
    March 11, 2022                                                              750                   2042          4.500%                   5.178%                 966
    March 11, 2022                                                            2,000                   2052           4.550%                   5.305%               2,564
1   Converting from a fixed US$ coupon rate to a weighted average Cdn$ fixed rate.
2   The derivatives associated with our US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

In March 2022, we repaid the entire outstanding principal amount                           foreign exchange risk had been hedged economically using debt
of our US$750 million floating rate senior notes and the associated                        derivatives.
debt derivatives at maturity, resulting in a repayment of
                                                                                           During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the
$1,019 million, including $75 million on settlement of the
                                                                                           issuance of the US$2 billion senior notes due 2052, we terminated
associated debt derivatives.
                                                                                           US$2 billion notional amount of forward starting cross-currency
As at December 31, 2022, we had US$16,100 million                                          swaps and received $43 million upon settlement. As at
(2021 – US$9,050 million) in US dollar-denominated senior notes,                           December 31, 2022, we had no forward starting cross-currency
debentures, and subordinated notes, of which all of the associated                         swaps outstanding (2021 – US$2 billion).

During 2022 and 2021, we entered and settled debt derivatives related to our outstanding lease liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                                       Year ended                          Year ended
                                                                                                                 December 31, 2022                   December 31, 2021
                                                                                                     Notional Exchange Notional           Notional Exchange Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                        (US$)       rate (Cdn$)              (US$)       rate (Cdn$)
Debt derivatives entered                                                                                  156         1.321         206        132      1.273        168
Debt derivatives settled                                                                                  124         1.306         162         81      1.333        108

As at December 31, 2022, we had US$225 million notional amount                             Concurrent with our issuance of US$750 million subordinated
of debt derivatives outstanding related to our outstanding lease                           notes in February 2022 (see note 21), we terminated $950 million
liabilities (2021 – US$193 million) with terms to maturity ranging from                    of interest rate swap derivatives and received $33 million upon
January 2023 to December 2025 (2021 – January 2022 to December                             settlement.
2024), at an average rate of $1.306/US$ (2021 – $1.301/US$).
                                                                                           Concurrent with our issuance of US$7.05 billion ($9.05 billion) and
                                                                                           $4.25 billion senior notes in March 2022 (see note 21), we
Interest rate derivatives
                                                                                           terminated:
From time to time, we use bond forward derivatives or interest rate
                                                                                           • US$2 billion of interest rate swap derivatives and paid
swap derivatives (collectively, interest rate derivatives) to hedge
                                                                                              US$129 million ($165 million) upon settlement; and
interest rate risk on current and future debt instruments. Our
                                                                                           • $500 million of bond forwards and $2.3 billion of interest rate
interest rate derivatives are designated as hedges for accounting
                                                                                              swap derivatives and received $80 million upon settlement.
purposes.
                                                                                           As at December 31, 2022, we had no interest rate derivatives
                                                                                           outstanding.




                                                                                                                      2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.         |   127
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Expenditure derivatives
         Below is a summary of the expenditure derivatives we entered and settled during 2022 and 2021 to manage foreign exchange risk related
         to certain forecast expenditures.

                                                                                                         Year ended                        Year ended
                                                                                                   December 31, 2022                 December 31, 2021
                                                                                         Notional Exchange Notional       Notional Exchange Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                   (US$)       rate (Cdn$)          (US$)       rate (Cdn$)

         Expenditure derivatives entered                                                     852       1.251     1,066         438      1.244       545
         Expenditure derivatives settled                                                     960       1.291     1,239         960      1.360     1,306

         As at December 31, 2022, we had US$960 million of expenditure           value of our private investments by using implied valuations from
         derivatives outstanding (2021 – US$1,068 million), at an average        follow-on financing rounds, third-party sale negotiations, or market-
         rate of $1.250/US$ (2021 – $1.287/US$), with terms to maturity          based approaches. These are applied appropriately to each
         ranging from January 2023 to December 2023 (2021 – January              investment depending on its future operating and profitability
         2022 to December 2023).                                                 prospects.

                                                                                 The fair values of each of our public debt instruments are based on
         Equity derivatives
                                                                                 the period-end estimated market yields, or period-end trading
         We have equity derivatives to hedge market price appreciation risk
                                                                                 values, where available. We determine the fair values of our debt
         associated with Class B Non-Voting Shares that have been granted
                                                                                 derivatives and expenditure derivatives using an estimated credit-
         under our stock-based compensation programs (see note 25). The
                                                                                 adjusted mark-to-market valuation by discounting cash flows to the
         equity derivatives were originally entered into at a weighted
                                                                                 measurement date. In the case of debt derivatives and expenditure
         average price of $50.37 with terms to maturity of one year,
                                                                                 derivatives in an asset position, the credit spread for the financial
         extendible for further one-year periods with the consent of the
                                                                                 institution counterparty is added to the risk-free discount rate to
         hedge counterparties. The equity derivatives have not been
                                                                                 determine the estimated credit-adjusted value for each derivative.
         designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
                                                                                 For these debt derivatives and expenditure derivatives in a liability
         As at December 31, 2022, we had equity derivatives outstanding          position, our credit spread is added to the risk-free discount rate for
         for 5.5 million (2021 – 5.0 million) Class B Non-Voting Shares with a   each derivative.
         weighted average price of $53.65 (2021 – $53.10).
                                                                                 The fair values of our equity derivatives are based on the
         During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into                period-end quoted market value of Class B Non-Voting Shares.
         0.5 million equity derivatives (2021 – 0.4 million) with a weighted
                                                                                 Our disclosure of the three-level fair value hierarchy reflects the
         average price of $59.18 (2021 – $60.98).
                                                                                 significance of the inputs used in measuring fair value:
         During the year ended December 31, 2021, we reset the weighted          • financial assets and financial liabilities in Level 1 are valued by
         average price to $59.64 and reset the expiry dates to April 2023           referring to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
         (from April 2021) on 0.5 million equity derivatives and made net           and liabilities;
         payments of $3 million.                                                 • financial assets and financial liabilities in Level 2 are valued using
                                                                                    inputs based on observable market data, either directly or
         Additionally, we executed extension agreements for the remainder           indirectly, other than the quoted prices; and
         of our equity derivative contracts under substantially the same         • Level 3 valuations are based on inputs that are not based on
         commitment terms and conditions with revised expiry dates to               observable market data.
         April 2023 (from April 2022).
                                                                                 There were no material financial instruments categorized in Level 3
         FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                    as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and there were no transfers
         The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash       between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 during the respective periods.
         and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, bank advances, short-
         term borrowings, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities
         approximate their fair values because of the short-term natures of
         these financial instruments. The carrying values of our financing
         receivables also approximate their fair values based on our
         recognition of an expected credit loss allowance.

         We determine the fair value of each of our publicly traded
         investments using quoted market values. We determine the fair




128   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of the financial instruments carried at fair value.

                                                                                                                                                              As at December 31
                                                                                                              Carrying value         Fair value (Level 1)      Fair value (Level 2)
(In millions of dollars)                                                                                      2022        2021           2022         2021        2022       2021
Financial assets
Investments, measured at FVTOCI:
     Investments in publicly traded companies                                                                 1,200      1,581          1,200        1,581             –         –
Held-for-trading:
     Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                       1,330      1,453                 –          –      1,330      1,453
     Debt derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                                                72         11                 –          –         72         11
     Interest rate derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                  –         40                 –          –          –         40
     Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                   94         11                 –          –         94         11
     Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                                              54         36                 –          –         54         36
Total financial assets                                                                                        2,750      3,132          1,200        1,581       1,550      1,551
Financial liabilities
Held-for-trading:
    Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                          414         343                –          –        414        343
    Interest rate derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                   –         283                –          –          –        283
    Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                                     –          30                –          –          –         30
Total financial liabilities                                                                                     414         656                –          –        414        656

Below is a summary of the fair value of our long-term debt.

                                                                                                                                                              As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                                                                                                              2022                                   2021
                                                                                                     Carrying amount            Fair value 1       Carrying amount     Fair value 1
Long-term debt (including current portion)                                                                        31,733            29,355                    18,688       20,790
1   Long-term debt (including current portion) is measured at Level 2 in the three-level fair value hierarchy, based on year-end trading values.

We did not have any non-derivative held-to-maturity financial assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.


NOTE 18: INVESTMENTS
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                               consent for strategic financial and operating decisions. We classify
Investments in publicly traded and private companies                                            our interests in joint arrangements into one of two categories:
We have elected to irrevocably classify our investments in                                      • joint ventures – when we have the rights to the net assets of the
companies over which we do not have control or significant                                        arrangement; and
influence as FVTOCI with no subsequent reclassification to net                                  • joint operations – when we have the rights to the assets and
income because we do not hold these investments with the intent                                   obligations for the liabilities related to the arrangement.
of short-term trading. We account for them as follows:
                                                                                                We use the equity method to account for our investments in
• publicly traded companies – at fair value based on publicly
                                                                                                associates and joint ventures; we recognize our proportionate
   quoted prices; and
                                                                                                interest in the assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses of our joint
• private companies – at fair value using implied valuations from
                                                                                                operations.
   follow-on financing rounds, third-party sale negotiations, or
   market-based approaches.                                                                     We initially recognize our investments in associates and joint
                                                                                                ventures at cost and subsequently increase or decrease the
Investments in associates and joint arrangements                                                carrying amounts based on our share of each entity’s income or
An entity is an associate when we have significant influence over the                           loss. Distributions we receive from these entities reduce the
entity’s financial and operating policies but do not control the                                carrying amounts of our investments.
entity. We are generally presumed to have significant influence
                                                                                                We eliminate unrealized gains and losses from our investments in
over an entity when we hold more than 20% of the voting power.
                                                                                                associates or joint ventures against our investments, up to the
A joint arrangement exists when there is a contractual agreement                                amount of our interest in the entities.
that establishes joint control over activities and requires unanimous




                                                                                                                            2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.             |   129
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Impairment in associates and joint ventures                        Toronto Raptors, MLS’ Toronto FC, the CFL’s Toronto Argonauts,
         At the end of each reporting period, we assess whether there is    the AHL’s Toronto Marlies, and other assets. We, along with BCE
         objective evidence that impairment exists in our investments in    Inc. (BCE), jointly own an indirect net 75% equity interest in MLSE
         associates and joint ventures. If objective evidence exists, we    with our portion representing a 37.5% equity interest in MLSE. Our
         compare the carrying amount of the investment to its recoverable   investment in MLSE is accounted for as a joint venture using the
         amount and recognize the excess over the recoverable amount, if    equity method.
         any, as a loss in net income.
                                                                            Glentel
         INVESTMENTS BY TYPE                                                Glentel is a large, multicarrier mobile phone retailer with several
                                                                            hundred Canadian wireless retail distribution outlets. We own a
                                                        As at December 31   50% equity interest in Glentel, with the remaining 50% interest
         (In millions of dollars)                          2022     2021    owned by BCE. Our investment in Glentel is accounted for as a joint
                                                                            venture using the equity method.
         Investments in:
              Publicly traded companies                   1,200    1,581    Below is a summary of financial information pertaining to our
              Private companies                              53       53    significant associates and joint ventures and our portions thereof.
         Investments, measured at FVTOCI                  1,253    1,634
         Investments, associates and joint ventures         835      859                                    As at or years ended December 31

         Total investments                                2,088    2,493    (In millions of dollars)                    2022             2021
                                                                            Current assets                               657               537
                                                                            Long-term assets                           3,187             3,254
         INVESTMENTS, MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH                        Current liabilities                       (1,559)             (990)
         OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                         Long-term liabilities                       (715)           (1,177)
         Publicly traded companies
         We hold a number of interests in publicly traded companies,        Total net assets                           1,570             1,624
         including Cogeco Inc. and Cogeco Communications Inc. This year,    Our share of net assets                      831               855
         we recognized realized losses of nil and unrealized losses of
                                                                            Revenue                                    2,248             1,805
         $381 million (2021 – nil of realized losses and $17 million of
                                                                            Expenses                                  (2,323)           (1,912)
         unrealized gains) in other comprehensive income.
                                                                            Net loss                                      (75)            (107)
         INVESTMENTS, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES                         Our share of net loss                         (31)             (44)
         We have interests in a number of associates and joint ventures,
         some of which include:                                             One of our joint ventures has a non-controlling interest that has a
                                                                            right to require our joint venture to purchase that non-controlling
         Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Limited (MLSE)                 interest at a future date at fair value.
         MLSE, a sports and entertainment company, owns and operates
         the Scotiabank Arena, the NHL’s Toronto Maple Leafs, the NBA’s


         NOTE 19: SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                                        As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                         2022      2021
         Receivables securitization program              2,400       800
         US commercial paper program (net of the
           discount on issuance)                           214       893
         Non-revolving credit facility borrowings          371       507
         Total short-term borrowings                     2,985     2,200




130   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of the activity relating to our short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                         Year ended December 31, 2022            Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                         Notional    Exchange        Notional     Notional    Exchange    Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                            (US$)          rate        (Cdn$)        (US$)          rate    (Cdn$)
Proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                       1,600                                 150
Net proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                  1,600                                  150
Proceeds received from US commercial paper                                 6,745         1.302          8,781        2,568       1.260       3,235
Repayment of US commercial paper                                          (7,303)        1.306         (9,537)      (2,314)      1.259      (2,914)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial paper                                            (756)                                321
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$)                                            865                                    –
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                     –             –           –         1,200       1.253      1,503
Total proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                             865                                1,503
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$)                                                      (495)                                   –
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                          (400)        1.268           (507)        (800)      1.254      (1,003)
Total repayment of non-revolving credit facilities                                                     (1,002)                              (1,003)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from non-revolving credit
 facilities                                                                                              (137)                                500
Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                         707                                  971


RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM                                                                                    Years ended December 31
We participate in a receivables securitization program with a             (In millions of dollars)                            2022           2021
Canadian financial institution that allows us to sell certain             Receivables securitization program,
receivables into the program.                                               beginning of year                                   800           650
In March 2022, we amended the terms of our receivables                    Net proceeds received from
securitization program and increased the maximum potential                  receivables securitization                        1,600           150
proceeds under the program from $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion. In          Receivables securitization program,
May 2022, we further amended the terms of the program and                   end of year                                       2,400           800
increased the maximum potential proceeds to $2 billion. In
October 2022, we further amended the terms of the program and
increased the maximum potential proceeds to $2.4 billion.                 US COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAM
                                                                          We have a US CP program that allows us to issue up to a maximum
We continue to service and retain substantially all of the risks and      aggregate principal amount of US$1.5 billion. Funds can be
rewards relating to the receivables we sell, and therefore, the           borrowed under this program with terms to maturity ranging from
receivables remain recognized on our Consolidated Statements of           1 to 397 days, subject to ongoing market conditions. Issuances
Financial Position and the funding received is recognized as “short­      made under the US CP program are issued at a discount.
term borrowings”. The terms of our receivables securitization             Borrowings under our US CP program are classified as “short-term
program are committed until its expiry, which we extended this            borrowings” on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
year to an expiration date of April 25, 2024. The buyer’s interest in     when they are due within one year of the date of the financial
these trade receivables ranks ahead of our interest. The program          statements.
restricts us from using the receivables as collateral for any other
purpose. The buyer of our trade receivables has no claim on any of
our other assets.

                                                     As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                           2022          2021
Receivables sold to buyer as security              2,914        2,679
Short-term borrowings from buyer                  (2,400)        (800)
Overcollateralization                                514        1,879




                                                                                                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   131
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the activity relating to our US CP program for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2022         Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                                 Notional   Exchange    Notional      Notional    Exchange     Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                           (US$)         rate    (Cdn$)         (US$)          rate     (Cdn$)
         US commercial paper, beginning of year                                      704       1.268         893           449        1.272         571
         Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial
           paper                                                                    (558)      1.355        (756)          254        1.264         321
         Discounts on issuance 1                                                      12       1.250          15             1         n/m            2
         Loss (gain) on foreign exchange 1                                                                    62                                     (1)
         US commercial paper, end of year                                            158       1.354         214           704        1.268        893
         n/m – not meaningful
         1 Included in “finance costs”.



         Concurrent with the US CP borrowings, we entered into debt                $375 million and received $370 million net of the discount on
         derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with the        issuance, under the facility maturing in December 2023. In January
         principal and interest components of the borrowings under the US          2023, we borrowed US$273 million under the facility maturing in
         CP program (see note 17). We have not designated these debt               January 2024. In February 2023, we borrowed US$186 million
         derivatives as hedges for accounting purposes.                            under the remaining facility, maturing in February 2024. As a result,
                                                                                   we have fully drawn on the facilities.
         NON-REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY                                             In June 2021, we entered into non-revolving credit facilities with an
         In December 2022, we entered into non-revolving credit facilities         aggregate limit of US$1.6 billion that matured in June 2022.
         with an aggregate limit of $1 billion, including $375 million             Borrowings under these facilities were recorded as “short-term
         maturing in December 2023, $375 million maturing in January               borrowings”. Borrowings under the facilities were unsecured,
         2024, and $250 million maturing one year from when it is drawn.           guaranteed by RCCI, and ranked equally in right of payment with
         Any borrowings under these facilities will be recorded as “short­         all of our senior notes and debentures. In December 2021, we
         term borrowings” as they will be due within 12 months. Borrowings         terminated the undrawn non-revolving credit facilities with an
         under the facilities are unsecured, guaranteed by RCCI, and rank          aggregate limit of US$1.2 billion. In February 2022, we repaid the
         equally in right of payment with all of our senior notes and              outstanding US$400 million and terminated the facility.
         debentures. As at December 31, 2022, we had borrowed
         Below is a summary of the activity relating to our non-revolving credit facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and year ended
         December 31, 2021.

                                                                                                                            Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                  2022           2021
         Non-revolving credit facility, beginning of year                                                                           507              –
         Net (repayment of) proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                                 (137)           500
         Loss on foreign exchange 1                                                                                                   1              7
         Non-revolving credit facility, end of year                                                                                 371            507
         1   Included in “finance costs”.


         COMMITTED CREDIT FACILITY                                                 committed facility decreased to $13 billion. Subsequently, as a
         In March 2021, in connection with the Shaw Transaction (see note          result of issuing US$7.05 billion ($9.05 billion) and $4.25 billion
         30), we entered into a binding commitment letter for a committed          senior notes (see note 21) during the first quarter of 2022, the
         credit facility with a syndicate of banks in an amount up to              maximum amount we could have drawn decreased to nil and the
         $19 billion. As a result of entering into the Shaw term loan facility     facility was terminated.
         (see note 21), the maximum amount we can draw on this




132   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 20: PROVISIONS
ACCOUNTING POLICY
Decommissioning and restoration costs                                     ESTIMATES
We use network and other assets on leased premises in some of             We recognize a provision when a past event creates a legal or
our business activities. We expect to exit these premises in the          constructive obligation that can be reasonably estimated and is
future and we therefore make provisions for the costs associated          likely to result in an outflow of economic resources. We recognize a
with decommissioning the assets and restoring the locations to            provision even when the timing or amount of the obligation may
their original conditions when we have a legal or constructive            be uncertain, which can require us to use significant estimates.
obligation to do so. We calculate these costs based on a current
estimate of the costs that will be incurred, project those costs into     JUDGMENTS
the future based on management’s best estimates of future trends          Judgment is required to determine when we are subject to
in prices, inflation, and other factors, and discount them to their       unavoidable costs arising from onerous contracts. These judgments
present value. We revise our forecasts when business conditions or        may include, for example, whether a certain promise is legally
technological requirements change.                                        binding or whether we may be successful in negotiations with the
When we recognize a decommissioning liability, we recognize a             counterparty.
corresponding asset in “property, plant and equipment” (as
property, plant and equipment or a right-of-use asset, as applicable      PROVISIONS DETAILS
based on the underlying asset) and depreciate the asset based on
the corresponding asset’s useful life following our depreciation                                               Decommissioning
policies for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets,       (In millions of dollars)                   Liabilities   Other     Total
as applicable. We recognize the accretion of the liability as a           December 31, 2021                                   52        1      53
charge to “finance costs” on the Consolidated Statements of               Additions                                            –       13      13
Income.                                                                   Adjustments to existing
                                                                            provisions                                         4       (1)      3
Restructuring
                                                                          December 31, 2022                                   56       13      69
We make provisions for restructuring when we have approved a
detailed and formal restructuring plan and either the restructuring       Current (recorded in “other
has started or management has announced the plan’s main                     current liabilities”)                              5       11      16
features to the employees affected by it. Restructuring obligations       Long-term                                           51        2      53
that have uncertain timing or amounts are recognized as
“provisions”; otherwise they are recognized as accrued liabilities. All
                                                                          Decommissioning and restoration costs
charges are recognized in “restructuring, acquisition and other” on
                                                                          Cash outflows associated with our decommissioning liabilities are
the Consolidated Statements of Income (see note 10).
                                                                          generally expected to occur at the decommissioning dates of the
                                                                          assets to which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The
Onerous contracts
                                                                          timing and extent of restoration work that will ultimately be
We make provisions for onerous contracts when the unavoidable
                                                                          required for these sites is uncertain.
costs of meeting our obligation under a contract exceed the
benefits we expect to realize from it. We measure these provisions
at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
terminating the contract or the expected cost of continuing with
the contract. We recognize any impairment loss on the assets
associated with the contract before we make the provision.




                                                                                                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   133
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 21: LONG-TERM DEBT

                                                                                                                                                           As at December 31
                                                                                                          Due            Principal         Interest
         (In millions of dollars, except interest rates)                                                  date            amount               rate          2022            2021
         Senior notes                                                                                     2022         US   750           Floating              –             951
         Senior notes                                                                                     2022              600           4.000%                –             600
         Senior notes                                                                                     2023         US 500             3.000%              677             634
         Senior notes                                                                                     2023         US 850             4.100%            1,151           1,078
         Senior notes                                                                                     2024              600           4.000%              600             600
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2025         US 1,000           2.950%            1,354               –
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2025            1,250           3.100%            1,250               –
         Senior notes                                                                                     2025         US 700             3.625%              948             886
         Senior notes                                                                                     2026         US 500             2.900%              677             634
         Senior notes                                                                                     2027            1,500           3.650%            1,500           1,500
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2027         US 1,300           3.200%            1,761               –
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2029            1,000           3.750%            1,000               –
         Senior notes                                                                                     2029            1,000           3.250%            1,000           1,000
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2032         US 2,000           3.800%            2,709               –
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2032            1,000           4.250%            1,000               –
         Senior debentures 2                                                                              2032         US 200             8.750%              271             254
         Senior notes                                                                                     2038         US 350             7.500%              474             444
         Senior notes                                                                                     2039              500           6.680%              500             500
         Senior notes                                                                                     2040              800           6.110%              800             800
         Senior notes                                                                                     2041              400           6.560%              400             400
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2042         US 750             4.500%            1,016               –
         Senior notes                                                                                     2043         US 500             4.500%              677             634
         Senior notes                                                                                     2043         US 650             5.450%              880             823
         Senior notes                                                                                     2044         US 1,050           5.000%            1,422           1,331
         Senior notes                                                                                     2048         US 750             4.300%            1,016             951
         Senior notes                                                                                     2049         US 1,250           4.350%            1,693           1,585
         Senior notes                                                                                     2049         US 1,000           3.700%            1,354           1,268
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2052         US 2,000           4.550%            2,709               –
         Senior notes 1                                                                                   2052            1,000           5.250%            1,000               –
         Subordinated notes 3                                                                             2081            2,000           5.000%            2,000           2,000
         Subordinated notes 3                                                                             2082         US 750             5.250%            1,016               –
                                                                                                                                                           32,855          18,873
         Deferred transaction costs and discounts                                                                                                          (1,122)           (185)
         Less current portion                                                                                                                              (1,828)         (1,551)

         Total long-term debt                                                                                                                              29,905          17,137
         1 Included in Shaw senior note financing.
         2 Senior debentures originally issued by Rogers Cable Inc. which are unsecured obligations of RCI and for which RCCI was an unsecured guarantor as at December 31, 2022 and
           2021.
         3 The subordinated notes can be redeemed at par on the five-year anniversary from issuance dates of December 2021 and February 2022 or on any subsequent interest payment

           date.

         Each of the above senior notes and debentures are unsecured and,                       the foreign exchange risk associated with the principal and interest
         as at December 31, 2022, were guaranteed by RCCI, ranking                              components of all of our US dollar-denominated senior notes and
         equally with all of RCI’s other senior notes, debentures, bank credit                  debentures (see note 17).
         facilities, and letter of credit facilities. We use derivatives to hedge




134   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The tables below summarize the activity relating to our long-term debt for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

                                                                               Year ended December 31, 2022         Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                               Notional   Exchange      Notional    Notional   Exchange    Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                  (US$)         rate      (Cdn$)       (US$)         rate    (Cdn$)

Senior note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                              4,250                                    –
Senior note issuances (US$)                                                      7,050       1.284        9,054            –           –           –
Total senior note issuances                                                                              13,304                                    –

Senior note repayments (Cdn$)                                                                              (600)                             (1,450)
Senior note repayments (US$)                                                      (750)      1.259         (944)           –           –          –
Total senior note repayments                                                                             (1,544)                             (1,450)

Net issuance (repayment) of senior notes                                                                 11,760                              (1,450)

Subordinated note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                            –                               2,000
Subordinated note issuances (US$)                                                  750       1.268          951            –           –          –
Total subordinated note issuances                                                                           951                               2,000

Net issuance of long-term debt                                                                           12,711                                550


                                              Years ended December 31         WEIGHTED AVERAGE INTEREST RATE
(In millions of dollars)                             2022            2021     As at December 31, 2022, our effective weighted average interest
Long-term debt net of transaction                                             rate on all debt and short-term borrowings, including the effect of
  costs, beginning of year                         18,688          18,201     all of the associated debt derivatives and interest rate derivatives,
Net issuance of long-term debt                     12,711             550     was 4.50% (2021 – 3.95%).
Loss (gain) on foreign exchange                     1,271             (50)
Deferred transaction costs incurred                  (988)            (31)
Amortization of deferred transaction                                          BANK CREDIT AND LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITIES
  costs                                                 51              18    Our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility is available on a fully
Long-term debt net of transaction                                             revolving basis until maturity and there are no scheduled
  costs, end of year                               31,733          18,688     reductions prior to maturity. The interest rate charged on
                                                                              borrowings from the revolving credit facility ranges from nil to
Current                                             1,828           1,551
Long-term                                          29,905          17,137     1.25% per annum over the bank prime rate or base rate, or 0.85%
                                                                              to 2.25% over the bankers’ acceptance rate or London Inter-Bank
Long-term debt net of transaction
  costs, end of year                               31,733          18,688     Offered Rate.

                                                                              In 2021, we amended our revolving credit facility to, among other
In early 2022, we entered into a $665 million senior unsecured                things, increase the total credit limit and extend the maturity dates.
non-revolving credit facility with a fixed 1% interest rate with Canada       We increased the total credit limit from $3.2 billion to $4 billion by
Infrastructure Bank. The credit facility can only be drawn upon to            increasing the limits of the two tranches to $3 billion and $1 billion
finance broadband service expansion projects to underserved                   (from $2.5 billion and $700 million), respectively. We also extended
communities under the Universal Broadband Fund. As at                         the maturity date of the $3 billion tranche from September 2023 to
December 31, 2022, we had not drawn on the credit facility. See               April 2026 and the $1 billion tranche from September 2022 to April
note 2(e) for our accounting policy related to borrowings on this facility.   2024. In January 2023, we amended our revolving credit facility to
In April 2021, we entered into a $6 billion term loan facility consisting     further extend the maturity date of the $3 billion tranche to January
of three tranches of $2 billion each. The facility cannot be drawn upon       2028, from April 2026 and the $1 billion tranche to January 2026,
until the closing date of the Shaw Transaction. The first tranche             from April 2024.
matures three years after the Shaw Transaction closing date and
subsequent tranches mature in years four and five thereafter,                 SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED NOTES AND
respectively. At tranche maturity, any outstanding borrowings under           DEBENTURES
that tranche must be repaid. The interest rate charged on borrowings          We pay interest on all of our fixed-rate senior and subordinated
from the term loan facility ranges from nil to 1.25% per annum over           notes and debentures on a semi-annual basis.
the bank prime rate or base rate, or 0.65% to 2.25% over the bankers’
acceptance rate or London Inter-Bank Offered Rate. In May 2022, we            We have the option to redeem each of our fixed-rate senior notes
extended the drawdown period of the term loan facility to                     and debentures, in whole or in part, at any time, if we pay the
December 31, 2022. In September 2022, we further extended the                 premiums specified in the corresponding agreements.
drawdown period to December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                      2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   135
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Issuance of senior and subordinated notes and related debt derivatives
         Below is a summary of the senior and subordinated notes we issued in 2022 and 2021.

         (In millions of dollars, except interest rates and discounts)                                                                                        Transaction costs and
                                                                                                                                                               discounts 2 (Cdn$)
                                                                                                           Discount/ Total gross
                                                                          Principal                      premium at proceeds 1     Upon          Upon
         Date issued                                                       amount Due date Interest rate    issuance     (Cdn$) issuance modification 3
         2022 issuances
             February 11, 2022 (subordinated) 4                    US          750           2082           5.250%             At par               951             13                   –
             March 11, 2022 (senior) 5                             US        1,000           2025           2.950%           99.934%              1,283              9                  50
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                                         1,250           2025           3.100%           99.924%              1,250              7                   –
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                               US        1,300           2027           3.200%           99.991%              1,674             13                  82
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                                         1,000           2029           3.750%           99.891%              1,000              7                  57
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                               US        2,000           2032           3.800%           99.777%              2,567             27                 165
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                                         1,000           2032           4.250%           99.987%              1,000              6                  58
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                               US          750           2042           4.500%           98.997%                966             20                  95
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                               US        2,000           2052           4.550%           98.917%              2,564             55                 250
             March 11, 2022 (senior)                                         1,000           2052           5.250%           99.483%              1,000             12                  62
         2021 issuance
             December 17, 2021 (subordinated) 4                              2,000           2081           5.000%              At par            2,000             20                     –
         1 Gross proceeds before transaction costs, discounts, and premiums.
         2 Transaction costs, discounts, and premiums are included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income
           using the effective interest method.
         3 Accounted for as a modification of the respective financial liabilities. Reflects initial consent fee of $557 million incurred in September 2022 and additional consent fee of

           $262 million incurred in December 2022.
         4 Deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the subordinated notes are recognized in net income using the effective interest method over a five-year period.

         5 The US$1 billion senior notes due 2025 can be redeemed at par on or after March 15, 2023.



         During the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued $2 billion                               In March 2022, we issued $13.3 billion of senior notes, consisting of
         subordinated notes due 2081 with an initial coupon of 5% for the                            US$7.05 billion ($9.05 billion) and $4.25 billion, in order to partially
         first five years. Concurrently, we terminated the $750 million bond                         finance the cash consideration for the Shaw Transaction (Shaw
         forwards entered into in July 2021 to hedge the interest rate risk                          senior note financing). Each of the notes (except the $1.25 billion
         associated with future debt issuances. We used the proceeds to                              senior notes due 2025) contains a “special mandatory redemption”
         partially fund the remaining payment required to obtain the 3500                            provision (SMR notes), which required them to be redeemed at
         MHz spectrum licences.                                                                      101% of their principal amount (plus accrued interest) if the Shaw
                                                                                                     Transaction was not consummated prior to December 31, 2022
         In February 2022, we issued US$750 million subordinated notes
                                                                                                     (SMR outside date). At the same time, we terminated the
         due 2082 with an initial coupon of 5.25% for the first five years.
                                                                                                     committed credit facility we had arranged in March 2021. The
         Concurrently, we terminated $950 million of interest rate derivatives
                                                                                                     arrangement agreement between Rogers and Shaw requires us to
         entered into in 2021 to hedge the interest rate risk associated with
                                                                                                     maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure we are able to fund the cash
         future debt issuances. We received net proceeds of US$740 million
                                                                                                     consideration portion of the Shaw Transaction upon closing and as
         ($938 million) from the issuance.
                                                                                                     such, we have recognized approximately $12.8 billion of the net
         Each of the subordinated notes can be redeemed at par on their                              proceeds as “restricted cash and cash equivalents” on our
         respective five-year anniversary or on any subsequent interest                              Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
         payment date. The subordinated notes are unsecured and
                                                                                                     In August 2022, we received consent from the holders of SMR notes
         subordinated obligations of RCI. Payment on these notes will,
                                                                                                     to extend the SMR outside date to December 31, 2023, to ensure
         under certain circumstances, be subordinated to the prior payment
                                                                                                     financing remained in place should the Shaw Transaction not have
         in full of all of our senior indebtedness, including our senior notes,
                                                                                                     closed by December 31, 2022. As a result, we paid an initial consent
         debentures, and bank credit facilities. In addition, upon the
                                                                                                     fee to the note holders, including other directly attributable
         occurrence of certain events involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of
                                                                                                     transaction costs, in September 2022 of $557 million ($121 million
         RCI, the outstanding principal and interest of such subordinated
                                                                                                     and US$331 million). Since the Shaw Transaction did not close prior to
         notes would automatically convert into preferred shares.
                                                                                                     December 31, 2022, we were required to pay to the holders of SMR
         In connection with the subordinated notes issuances, the Board                              notes an additional consent fee of $262 million ($55 million and
         approved the creation of new Series I and Series II preferred shares,                       US$152 million) on January 9, 2023. The transaction costs are
         respectively. Series I and Series II have been authorized for up to                         included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying
         3.3 million and 1.4 million preferred shares, respectively, have no                         value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income using the
         voting rights, have par values of $1,000 per share, and will be                             effective interest method. The liability associated with the additional
         issued automatically upon the occurrence of certain events                                  consent fee has been recognized within “accounts payable and
         involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of RCI to holders of the                               accrued liabilities” on our Consolidated Statement of Financial
         respective subordinated notes.                                                              Position as at December 31, 2022.




136   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Concurrent with the Shaw senior note financing, we terminated                  TERMS AND CONDITIONS
certain derivatives (see note 11) we had entered into in 2021 to               As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all
hedge the interest rate risk associated with future debt issuances.            financial covenants, financial ratios, and all of the terms and
Concurrent with the US dollar-denominated issuances, we also                   conditions of our long-term debt agreements. There were no
entered into debt derivatives to convert all interest and principal            financial leverage covenants in effect other than those under our
payment obligations to Canadian dollars. As a result, we received              bank credit and letter of credit facilities.
net proceeds of US$6.95 billion ($8.93 billion) from the US dollar-
denominated issuances.                                                         The 8.75% debentures due in 2032 contain debt incurrence tests
                                                                               and restrictions on additional investments, sales of assets, and
                                                                               payment of dividends, all of which are suspended in the event the
Repayment of senior notes and related derivative settlements
                                                                               public debt securities are assigned investment-grade ratings by at
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid the entire
                                                                               least two of three specified credit rating agencies. As at
outstanding principal amount of our $600 million 4.00% senior
                                                                               December 31, 2022, these public debt securities were assigned an
notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with these
                                                                               investment-grade rating by each of the three specified credit rating
senior notes. We also repaid the entire outstanding principal
                                                                               agencies and, accordingly, these restrictions have been suspended
amount of our US$750 million floating rate senior notes and the
                                                                               as long as the investment-grade ratings are maintained. Our other
associated debt derivatives at maturity. As a result, we repaid
                                                                               senior notes do not have any of these restrictions, regardless of the
$1,019 million, including $75 million on settlement of the
                                                                               related credit ratings. The repayment dates of certain debt
associated debt derivatives.
                                                                               agreements can also be accelerated if there is a change in control
During the year ended December 31, 2021, we repaid the entire                  of RCI.
outstanding principal amount of our $1.45 billion 5.34% senior
notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with these
senior notes.

PRINCIPAL REPAYMENTS
Below is a summary of the principal repayments on our long-term
debt due in each of the next five years and thereafter as at
December 31, 2022.

(In millions of dollars)
2023                                                                 1,828
2024                                                                   600
2025                                                                 3,552
2026                                                                 3,693
2027 1                                                               3,261
Thereafter                                                          19,921
Total long-term debt                                                32,855
1   Reflects repayment of the subordinated notes issued in December 2021 and
    February 2022 on the five-year anniversary.



NOTE 22: OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                      As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                      Note       2022         2021
Deferred pension liability                       23           –           3
Supplemental executive retirement
  plan                                           23         83          96
Stock-based compensation                         25         60          49
Derivative instruments                           17        398         189
Contract liabilities                              5         61          52
Other                                                      136         176
Total other long-term liabilities                          738         565




                                                                                                    2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   137
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 23: POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         Significant estimates are involved in determining pension-related
         Post-employment benefits – defined benefit pension plans                  balances. Actuarial estimates are based on projections of
         We offer contributory and non-contributory defined benefit                employees’ compensation levels at the time of retirement.
         pension plans that provide employees with a lifetime monthly              Retirement benefits are primarily based on career average
         pension on retirement.                                                    earnings, subject to certain adjustments. The most recent actuarial
                                                                                   funding valuations were completed as at January 1, 2022.
         We separately calculate our net obligation for each defined benefit
         pension plan by estimating the amount of future benefits
                                                                                   Principal actuarial assumptions
         employees have earned in return for their service in the current and
         prior years and discounting those benefits to determine their
                                                                                                                                  2022              2021
         present value.
                                                                                   Weighted average of significant
         We accrue our pension plan obligations as employees provide the
                                                                                    assumptions:
         services necessary to earn the pension. We use a discount rate based
         on market yields on high-quality corporate bonds at the                   Defined benefit obligation
         measurement date to calculate the accrued pension benefit                     Discount rate                              5.3%          3.3%
         obligation. Remeasurements of the accrued pension benefit                     Rate of compensation               1.0% to 4.5%, 1.0% to 4.5%,
         obligation are determined at the end of the year and include actuarial          increase                             based on      based on
         gains and losses, returns on plan assets in excess of interest income,                                           employee age employee age
         and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling. These are recognized        Mortality rate                     CPM2014Priv CPM2014Priv
         in other comprehensive income and retained earnings.                                                                with Scale    with Scale
                                                                                                                                CPM-B         CPM-B
         The cost of pensions is actuarially determined and takes into
         account the following assumptions and methods for pension                 Pension expense
         accounting related to our defined benefit pension plans:                      Discount rate                              3.3%          2.7%
         • expected rates of salary increases for calculating increases in             Rate of compensation               1.0% to 4.5%, 1.0% to 4.5%,
           future benefits;                                                              increase                             based on      based on
         • mortality rates for calculating the life expectancy of plan                                                    employee age employee age
           members; and                                                                 Mortality rate                     CPM2014Priv CPM2014Priv
         • past service costs from plan amendments are immediately                                                           with Scale    with Scale
           expensed in net income.                                                                                              CPM-B         CPM-B

         We recognize our net pension expense for our defined benefit
         pension plans and contributions to defined contribution plans as          Sensitivity of key assumptions
         an employee benefit expense in “operating costs” on the                   In the sensitivity analysis shown below, we determine the defined
         Consolidated Statements of Income in the periods the employees            benefit obligation for our funded plans using the same method
         provide the related services.                                             used to calculate the defined benefit obligation we recognize on
                                                                                   the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We calculate
         Post-employment benefits – defined contribution pension plan              sensitivity by changing one assumption while holding the others
         In 2016, we closed the defined benefit pension plans to new               constant. This leads to limitations in the analysis as the actual
         members and introduced a defined contribution pension plan. This          change in defined benefit obligation will likely be different from
         change did not impact current defined benefit members at the              that shown in the table, since it is likely that more than one
         time; any employee enrolled in any of the defined benefit pension         assumption will change at a time, and that some assumptions are
         plans at that date continues to earn pension benefits and credited        correlated.
         service in their respective plan.
                                                                                                                                    Increase (decrease) in
         We recognize a pension expense in relation to our contributions to                                                    accrued benefit obligation
         the defined contribution pension plan when the employee
         provides service to the Company.                                          (In millions of dollars)                          2022           2021
                                                                                   Discount rate
         Termination benefits                                                          Impact of 0.5% increase                       (163)           (251)
         We recognize termination benefits as an expense when we are                   Impact of 0.5% decrease                        183             285
         committed to a formal detailed plan to terminate employment               Rate of future compensation increase
         before the normal retirement date and it is not realistic that we will        Impact of 0.25% increase                         10             17
         withdraw it.                                                                  Impact of 0.25% decrease                        (10)           (17)

                                                                                   Mortality rate
         ESTIMATES                                                                     Impact of 1 year increase                        42             67
         Detailed below are the significant assumptions used in the actuarial          Impact of 1 year decrease                       (45)           (72)
         calculations used to determine the amount of the defined benefit
         pension obligation and related expense.



138   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS STRATEGY AND POLICY                          • using asset allocation and diversification strategies; and
We sponsor a number of contributory and non-contributory              • purchasing annuities from time to time.
pension arrangements for employees, including defined benefit         The defined benefit pension plans are registered with the Office of
and defined contributions plans. We do not provide any                the Superintendent of Financial Institutions and are subject to the
non-pension post-retirement benefits. We also provide unfunded        Federal Pension Benefits Standards Act. Two of the defined
supplemental pension benefits to certain executives.                  contribution pension plans are registered with the Financial
The Rogers Defined Benefit Pension Plan provides a defined            Services Regulatory Authority, subject to the Ontario Pension
pension based on years of service and earnings, with no increases     Benefits Act. The plans are also registered with the Canada
in retirement for inflation. The plan was closed to new members in    Revenue Agency and are subject to the Income Tax Act (Canada).
2016. Participation in the plan was voluntary and enrolled            The benefits provided under the plans and the contributions to the
employees are required to make regular contributions into the         plans are funded and administered in accordance with all
plan. An unfunded supplemental pension plan is provided to            applicable legislation and regulations.
certain senior executives to provide benefits in excess of amounts    The defined benefit pension plans are subject to certain risks
that can be provided from the defined benefit pension plan under      related to contribution increases, inadequate plan surplus,
the Income Tax Act (Canada)’s maximum pension limits.                 unfunded obligations, and market rates of return, which we
We also sponsor smaller defined benefit pension plans in addition     mitigate through the governance described above. Any significant
to the Rogers Defined Benefit Pension Plan. The Pension Plan for      changes to these items may affect our future cash flows.
Employees of Rogers Communications Inc. and the Rogers
Pension Plan for Selkirk Employees are closed legacy defined          POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN DETAILS
benefit pension plans. The Pension Plan for Certain Federally         Below is a summary of the estimated present value of accrued plan
Regulated Employees of Rogers Cable Communications Inc. is            benefits and the estimated market value of the net assets available
similar to the main pension plan but only federally regulated         to provide these benefits for our funded defined benefit pension
employees from the Cable business were eligible to participate;       plans.
this plan was closed to new members in 2016.

In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, we provide                                                               As at December 31
various defined contribution plans to certain groups of employees     (In millions of dollars)                     Note       2022      2021
of the Company and to employees hired after March 31, 2016 who        Plan assets, at fair value                              2,770     3,198
choose to join. Additionally, we provide other tax-deferred savings   Accrued benefit obligations                            (2,430)   (3,171)
arrangements, including a Group RRSP and a Group TFSA
                                                                      Surplus of plan assets over accrued
program, which are accounted for as deferred contribution
                                                                         benefit obligations                                   340        27
arrangements.
                                                                      Effect of asset ceiling limit                            (42)       (9)
The Pension Committee of the Board oversees the administration        Net deferred pension asset                               298        18
of our registered pension plans, which includes the following
                                                                      Consists of:
principal areas:
                                                                         Deferred pension asset                                298        21
• overseeing the funding, administration, communication, and
                                                                         Deferred pension liability                   22         —        (3)
   investment management of the plans;
• selecting and monitoring the performance of all third parties       Net deferred pension asset                               298        18
   performing duties in respect of the plans, including audit,
   actuarial, and investment management services;                     Below is a summary of our pension fund assets.
• proposing, considering, and approving amendments to the plans;
• proposing, considering, and approving amendments to the                                                         Years ended December 31
   Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures;                   (In millions of dollars)                             2022         2021
• reviewing management and actuarial reports prepared in
                                                                      Plan assets, beginning of year                       3,198       2,791
   respect of the administration of the pension plans; and
                                                                      Interest income                                        108          78
• reviewing and approving the audited financial statements of the
                                                                      Remeasurements, recognized in other
   pension plan funds.
                                                                         comprehensive income and equity                    (604)        223
The assets of the defined benefit pension plans are held in           Contributions by employees                              31          32
segregated accounts that are isolated from our assets. They are       Contributions by employer                              134         177
invested and managed following all applicable regulations and the     Benefits paid                                          (93)        (99)
Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures with the objective    Administrative expenses paid from
of having adequate funds to pay the benefits promised by the             plan assets                                          (4)          (4)
plans. Investment and market return risk is managed by:               Plan assets, end of year                             2,770       3,198
• contracting professional investment managers to execute the
   investment strategy following the Statement of Investment
   Policies and Procedures and regulatory requirements;
• specifying the kinds of investments that can be held in the plans
   and monitoring compliance;




                                                                                                 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   139
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the accrued benefit obligations arising from    The remeasurement recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
         funded obligations.                                                   Comprehensive Income is determined as follows:

                                                Years ended December 31                                                 Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                       2022          2021     (In millions of dollars)                         2022            2021
         Accrued benefit obligations,                                          (Loss) return on plan assets
            beginning of year                           3,171         3,365       (excluding interest income)                   (604)            223
         Current service cost                             124           156    Change in financial assumptions                   942             390
         Interest cost                                    103            89    Effect of experience adjustments                  (36)            (18)
         Benefits paid                                    (93)          (99)   Change in asset ceiling                           (33)             (9)
         Contributions by employees                        31            32    Remeasurement gain, recognized in
         Remeasurements, recognized in                                           other comprehensive income and
            other comprehensive income and                                       equity                                          269             586
            equity                                       (906)         (372)
         Accrued benefit obligations, end of                                   We also provide supplemental unfunded defined benefit pensions
           year                                         2,430         3,171    to certain executives. Below is a summary of our accrued benefit
                                                                               obligations, pension expense included in employee salaries and
         Plan assets comprise mainly pooled funds that invest in common        benefits, net interest cost, remeasurements, and benefits paid.
         stocks and bonds that are traded in an active market. Below is a
         summary of the fair value of the total pension plan assets by major                                            Years ended December 31
         category.                                                             (In millions of dollars)                         2022            2021
                                                                               Accrued benefit obligation,
                                                         As at December 31
                                                                                 beginning of year                                 96              92
         (In millions of dollars)                       2022          2021     Pension expense, recognized in
         Equity securities                              1,281         1,879      employee salaries and benefits
         Debt securities                                1,474         1,302      expense                                           13              12
         Other – cash                                      15            17    Net interest cost, recognized in
                                                                                 finance costs                                      4               3
         Total fair value of plan assets                2,770         3,198    Remeasurements, recognized in
                                                                                 other comprehensive income                       (24)             (7)
         Below is a summary of our net pension expense. Net interest cost is   Benefits paid                                       (6)             (4)
         included in “finance costs”; other pension expenses are included in
                                                                               Accrued benefit obligation, end of
         salaries and benefits expense in “operating costs” on the
                                                                                 year                                              83              96
         Consolidated Statements of Income.
                                                                               We also have defined contribution plans with total pension
                                                Years ended December 31        expense of $24 million in 2022 (2021 – $18 million), which is
         (In millions of dollars)                       2022          2021     included in employee salaries and benefits expense.
         Plan cost:
              Current service cost                        124           156    ALLOCATION OF PLAN ASSETS
              Net interest cost                            (5)           11
              Net pension expense                         119           167                                                               Target asset
                                                                                                              Allocation of plan assets     allocation
              Administrative expense                        4             4
                                                                                                                    2022         2021     percentage
         Total pension cost recognized in net
                                                                               Equity securities:
           income                                         123           171        Domestic                          9.6%       11.8%      8% to 18%
                                                                                   International                    36.7%       47.0%     37% to 67%
         Net interest cost, a component of the plan cost above, is included    Debt securities                      53.2%       40.7%     25% to 45%
         in “finance costs” and is outlined as follows:                        Other – cash                          0.5%        0.5%       0% to 2%
                                                                                   Total                          100.0%       100.0%
                                                Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                       2022          2021     Plan assets consist primarily of pooled funds that invest in common
         Interest income on plan assets                  (108)          (78)   stocks and bonds. The pooled funds have investments in our equity
         Interest cost on plan obligation                 103            89    securities. As a result, approximately $9 million (2021 – $12 million)
                                                                               of plan assets are indirectly invested in our own securities under our
         Net interest cost, recognized in                                      defined benefit plans.
          finance costs                                    (5)           11




140   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We make contributions to the plans to secure the benefits of plan         We estimate our 2023 employer contributions to our funded plans
members and invest in permitted investments using the target              to be $73 million. The actual value will depend on the results of the
ranges established by our Pension Committee, which reviews                2023 actuarial funding valuations. The average duration of the
actuarial assumptions on an annual basis.                                 defined benefit obligation as at December 31, 2022 is 14 years
                                                                          (2021 – 17 years).
Below is a summary of the actual contributions to the plans.
                                                                          Plan assets recognized an actual net loss of $499 million in 2022
                                         Years ended December 31          (2021 – $297 million net gain).
(In millions of dollars)                        2022            2021      We have recognized a cumulative gain in “other comprehensive
Employer contribution                             134            177      income” and “retained earnings” of $59 million as at December 31,
Employee contribution                              31             32      2022 (2021 – $157 million loss) associated with post-retirement
Total contribution                                165            209      benefit plans.


NOTE 24: SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
CAPITAL STOCK
                                                    Number of shares
Share class                                        authorized for issue    Features                             Voting rights
Preferred shares                                          400,000,000      • Issuable in series, with rights    • None
                                                                             and terms of each series to
                                                                             be fixed by the Board prior
                                                                             to the issue of any series
RCI Class A Voting Shares                                 112,474,388      • Without par value                  • Each share entitled to 50
                                                                           • Each share can be converted          votes
                                                                             into one Class B Non-Voting
                                                                             share
RCI Class B Non-Voting Shares                           1,400,000,000      • Without par value                  • None

RCI’s Articles of Continuance under the Business Corporations Act         DIVIDENDS
(British Columbia) impose restrictions on the transfer, voting, and       We declared and paid the following dividends on our outstanding
issue of Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares to ensure           Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares:
we remain qualified to hold or obtain licences required to carry on
certain of our business undertakings in Canada. We are authorized                                                           Dividend per share
to refuse to register transfers of any of our shares to any person        Date declared             Date paid                         (dollars)
who is not a Canadian, as defined in RCI’s Articles of Continuance,       January 26, 2022          April 1, 2022                          0.50
in order to ensure Rogers remains qualified to hold the licences          April 19, 2022            July 4, 2022                           0.50
referred to above.                                                        July 26, 2022             October 3, 2022                        0.50
                                                                          November 8, 2022          January 3, 2023                        0.50
In relation to our issuances of subordinated notes in December
2021 and February 2022 (see note 21), the Board approved the                                                                               2.00
creation of new Series I and Series II preferred shares, respectively.    January 27, 2021          April 1, 2021                          0.50
Series I has been authorized for up to 3.3 million preferred shares       April 20, 2021            July 2, 2021                           0.50
and Series II has been authorized for up to 1.4 million preferred         July 20, 2021             October 1, 2021                        0.50
shares. Both series have no voting rights, par values of $1,000 per       October 20, 2021          January 4, 2022                        0.50
share, and will be issued automatically upon the occurrence of                                                                             2.00
certain events involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of RCI to holders
of the respective subordinated notes.                                     The holders of Class A Shares are entitled to receive dividends at
                                                                          the rate of up to five cents per share but only after dividends at the
                                                                          rate of five cents per share have been paid or set aside on the
                                                                          Class B Non-Voting Shares. Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting
                                                                          Shares therefore participate equally in dividends above $0.05 per
                                                                          share.
                                                                          On February 1, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of
                                                                          $0.50 per Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share, to
                                                                          be paid on April 3, 2023, to shareholders of record on March 10,
                                                                          2023.




                                                                                                2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   141
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 25: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE
         Stock option plans                                                          Below is a summary of our stock-based compensation expense,
         Cash-settled share appreciation rights (SARs) are attached to all           which is included in employee salaries and benefits expense.
         stock options granted under our employee stock option plan. This
         feature allows the option holder to choose to receive a cash                                                            Years ended December 31
         payment equal to the intrinsic value of the option (the amount by
                                                                                     (In millions of dollars)                          2022            2021
         which the market price of the Class B Non-Voting Share exceeds
         the exercise price of the option on the exercise date) instead of           Stock options                                        28               3
         exercising the option to acquire Class B Non-Voting Shares. We              Restricted share units                               51              57
         classify all outstanding stock options with cash settlement features        Deferred share units                                  9               6
         as liabilities and carry them at their fair value, determined using the     Equity derivative effect, net of interest
         Black-Scholes option pricing model or a trinomial option pricing              receipt                                           (21)             (6)
         model, depending on the nature of the share-based award. We
                                                                                     Total stock-based compensation
         remeasure the fair value of the liability each period and amortize it
                                                                                       expense                                            67              60
         to “operating costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as
         applicable, using graded vesting, either over the vesting period or
                                                                                     As at December 31, 2022, we had a total liability recognized at its fair
         to the date an employee is eligible to retire (whichever is shorter).
                                                                                     value of $229 million (2021 – $199 million) related to stock-based
                                                                                     compensation, including stock options, RSUs, and DSUs. The current
         Restricted share unit (RSU) and deferred share unit (DSU) plans
                                                                                     portion of this is $169 million (2021 – $150 million) and is included in
         We recognize outstanding RSUs and DSUs as liabilities, measuring
                                                                                     “accounts payable and accrued liabilities”. The long-term portion of
         the liabilities and compensation costs based on the awards’ fair
                                                                                     this is $60 million (2021 – $49 million) and is included in “other long­
         values, which are based on the market price of the Class B
                                                                                     term liabilities” (see note 22).
         Non-Voting Shares, and recognizing them as charges to “operating
         costs” over the vesting period of the awards. If an award’s fair value      The total intrinsic value of vested liabilities, which is the difference
         changes after it has been granted and before the exercise date, we          between the exercise price of the share-based awards and the
         recognize the resulting changes in the liability within “operating          trading price of the Class B Non-Voting Shares for all vested share-
         costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as applicable, in the     based awards, as at December 31, 2022 was $85 million
         year the change occurs. For RSUs, the payment amount is                     (2021 – $95 million).
         established as of the vesting date. For DSUs, the payment amount
         is established as of the exercise date.                                     We paid $72 million in 2022 (2021 – $76 million) to holders of
                                                                                     stock options, RSUs, and DSUs upon exercise using the cash
         Employee share accumulation plan                                            settlement feature, representing a weighted average share price on
         Employees voluntarily participate in the share accumulation plan by         the date of exercise of $65.44 (2021 – $57.52).
         contributing a specified percentage of their regular earnings. We
         match employee contributions up to a certain amount and                     STOCK OPTIONS
         recognize our contributions as a compensation expense in the year           Options to purchase our Class B Non-Voting Shares on a
         we make them. Expenses relating to the employee share                       one-for-one basis may be granted to our employees, directors, and
         accumulation plan are included in “operating costs”.                        officers by the Board or our Management Compensation
                                                                                     Committee. There are 65 million options authorized under various
         ESTIMATES                                                                   plans; each option has a term of seven to ten years. The vesting
         Significant management estimates are used to determine the fair             period is generally graded vesting over four years; however, the
         value of stock options. The table below shows the weighted                  Management Compensation Committee may adjust the vesting
         average fair value of stock options granted during 2022 and 2021            terms on the grant date. The exercise price is typically equal to the
         and the principal assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes            fair market value of the Class B Non-Voting Shares, determined as
         model for granted options to determine their fair value at the grant        the five-day average before the grant date as quoted on the TSX.
         date.
                                                                                     Performance options
                                                   Years ended December 31           We granted 2,469,014 performance-based options to certain key
                                                            2022            2021     executives in 2022 (2021 – nil). These performance options have
                                                                                     certain non-market vesting conditions, including closing of the Shaw
         Weighted average fair value                     $ 9.65      $        7.46   Transaction and the achievement of certain preset integration-related
         Risk-free interest rate                            1.0%             0.3%    milestones over the next two years. As at December 31, 2022, we had
         Dividend yield                                     2.8%             3.4%    3,159,161 performance options (2021 –1,068,776) outstanding. The
         Volatility of Class B Non-Voting Shares          23.1%             23.1%    outstanding options that were granted prior to 2022 vest on a graded
         Weighted average expected life                   5 years        5.1 years   basis over four years provided certain targeted stock prices are met on
         Volatility has been estimated based on the actual trading statistics        or after each anniversary date.
         of our Class B Non-Voting Shares.




142   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Summary of stock options
Below is a summary of the stock option plans, including performance options.

                                                              Year ended December 31, 2022                   Year ended December 31, 2021
                                                                            Weighted average                                Weighted average
(In number of units, except prices)                   Number of options         exercise price      Number of options           exercise price
Outstanding, beginning of year                                 6,494,001                $61.62                4,726,634                 $62.10
Granted                                                        4,234,288                $65.73                1,848,655                 $60.61
Exercised                                                       (301,467)               $50.87                  (10,988)                $58.45
Forfeited                                                       (566,614)               $64.04                  (70,300)                $67.58
Outstanding, end of year                                       9,860,208                $63.58                6,494,001                 $61.62
Exercisable, end of year                                       3,440,894                $61.84                2,373,717                 $59.68

Below is a summary of the range of exercise prices, the weighted average exercise price, and the weighted average remaining contractual
life as at December 31, 2022.

                                                             Options outstanding                                   Options exercisable
                                                              Weighted average
                                               Number      remaining contractual     Weighted average          Number       Weighted average
Range of exercise prices                    outstanding               life (years)       exercise price      exercisable        exercise price
$42.85 – $44.99                                 153,937                      1.82                $44.24         153,937                 $44.24
$45.00 – $49.99                                 280,949                      1.85                $49.41         280,949                 $49.41
$55.00 – $59.99                               1,619,007                      6.76                $58.39         991,135                 $58.28
$60.00 – $64.99                               2,746,987                      5.72                $62.52       1,154,996                 $62.56
$65.00 – $69.99                               4,054,418                      8.90                $65.74         106,197                 $66.38
$70.00 – $73.00                               1,004,910                      4.95                $73.00         753,680                 $73.00
                                              9,860,208                      6.95                $63.58       3,440,894                 $61.84

Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as at                     Summary of RSUs
December 31, 2022 related to stock option plans was $14 million         Below is a summary of the RSUs outstanding, including performance
(2021 – $11 million) and will be recognized in net income within        RSUs.
periods of up to the next four years as the options vest.
                                                                                                                  Years ended December 31
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
                                                                        (In number of units)                               2022           2021
The RSU plan allows employees, directors, and officers to
participate in the growth and development of Rogers. Under the
terms of the plan, RSUs are issued to the participant and the units     Outstanding, beginning of year                2,691,288 2,573,894
issued vest over a period of up to three years from the grant date.     Granted and reinvested dividends                990,702 1,341,801
                                                                        Exercised                                      (678,634) (1,041,890)
On the vesting date, we redeem all of the participants’ RSUs in cash    Forfeited                                      (600,867)   (182,517)
or by issuing one Class B Non-Voting Share for each RSU. We have
reserved 4,000,000 Class B Non-Voting Shares for issue under this       Outstanding, end of year                      2,402,489      2,691,288
plan.
                                                                        Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as at December 31,
Performance RSUs                                                        2022 related to these RSUs was $48 million (2021 – $64 million) and will
We granted 206,719 performance-based RSUs to certain key                be recognized in net income over the next three years as the RSUs vest.
executives in 2022 (2021 – 295,958). The number of units that vest
and will be paid three years from the grant date will be within 0% to   DEFERRED SHARE UNITS
100% of the initial number granted and reinvested dividends             The DSU plan allows directors, certain key executives, and other senior
based upon the achievement of certain annual targets.                   management to elect to receive certain types of compensation in
                                                                        DSUs. Under the terms of the plan, DSUs are issued to the participant
                                                                        and the units issued cliff vest over a period of up to three years from
                                                                        the grant date.

                                                                        Performance DSUs
                                                                        We granted 6,934 performance-based DSUs to certain key
                                                                        executives in 2022 (2021 – 7,517) through reinvested dividends. All
                                                                        performance-based DSUs currently outstanding are fully vested.




                                                                                               2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   143
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Summary of DSUs                                                           administrator purchases Class B Non-Voting Shares on a bi-weekly
         Below is a summary of the DSUs outstanding, including performance         basis on the open market on behalf of the employee. On a
         DSUs.                                                                     bi-weekly basis, we make a contribution of 25% to 50% of the
                                                                                   employee’s contribution that period and the plan administrator
                                                   Years ended December 31         uses this amount to purchase additional shares on behalf of the
                                                                                   employee. We recognize our contributions made as a
         (In number of units)                              2022           2021     compensation expense.
         Outstanding, beginning of year              1,421,342       1,619,941     Compensation expense related to the employee share accumulation
         Granted and reinvested dividends               70,692          78,939     plan was $55 million in 2022 (2021 – $52 million).
         Exercised                                    (350,803)       (277,439)
         Forfeited                                      (1,347)            (99)
                                                                                   EQUITY DERIVATIVES
         Outstanding, end of year                    1,139,884       1,421,342     We have entered into equity derivatives to hedge a portion of our
                                                                                   stock-based compensation expense (see note 17) and recognized
         Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as at December 31,          a $21 million recovery (2021 – $6 million recovery) in stock-based
         2022 related to these DSUs was nil (2021 – nil).                          compensation expense for these derivatives.

         EMPLOYEE SHARE ACCUMULATION PLAN
         Participation in the plan is voluntary. Employees can contribute up
         to 15% of their regular earnings through payroll deductions (up to
         an annual maximum contribution of $25 thousand). The plan


         NOTE 26: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
         CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER                                                   Compensation
         Voting control of Rogers Communications Inc. is held by the               Compensation expense for key management personnel included
         Rogers Control Trust (the Trust) for the benefit of successive            in “employee salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation”
         generations of the Rogers family and, as a result, the Trust is able to   and “restructuring, acquisition and other” was as follows:
         elect all members of the Board and to control the vote on most
         matters submitted to shareholders, whether through a shareholder                                                            Years ended December 31
         meeting or a written consent resolution. The beneficiaries of the
                                                                                   (In millions of dollars)                                   2022              2021
         Trust are a small group of individuals who are members of the
         Rogers family, several of whom are also directors of the Board. The       Salaries and other short-term
         trustee is the trust company subsidiary of a Canadian chartered             employee benefits                                           13                19
         bank.                                                                     Post-employment benefits                                      11                 4
                                                                                   Stock-based compensation 1                                    23                21
         We entered into certain transactions with private Rogers family
         holding companies controlled by the Trust. These transactions             Total compensation                                            47                44
         were recognized at the amount agreed to by the related parties
         and are subject to the terms and conditions of formal agreements
                                                                                   1   Stock-based compensation does not include the effect of changes in fair value of
                                                                                       Class B Non-Voting Shares or equity derivatives.
         approved by the Audit and Risk Committee. The totals received or
         paid were less than $1 million for each of 2022 and 2021.
                                                                                   Transactions
                                                                                   We entered into business transactions with Transcontinental Inc., a
         TRANSACTIONS WITH KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                company that provides us with printing and prepress services.
         Key management personnel include the directors and our most               Isabelle Marcoux, C.M., is chair of the board of Transcontinental Inc.
         senior corporate officers, who are primarily responsible for              and was a Director of RCI until June 2021; total amounts paid to
         planning, directing, and controlling our business activities.             this related party between January and June 2021 were $3 million.
                                                                                   We have also entered into business transactions with companies
                                                                                   controlled by our Directors Michael J. Cooper and John C. Kerr,
                                                                                   which became related parties in October 2021. These companies
                                                                                   include Dream Unlimited Corp. and Vancouver Professional
                                                                                   Baseball LLP, respectively. Dream Unlimited Corp. is a real estate
                                                                                   company that rents spaces in office and residential buildings.
                                                                                   Vancouver Professional Baseball LLP controls the Vancouver
                                                                                   Canadians, the Toronto Blue Jays’ High-A affiliate minor league
                                                                                   team. Total amounts paid to these related parties were nominal
                                                                                   during the period from October 2021 to December 2021 and for
                                                                                   the year ended December 31, 2022.




144   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We recognize these transactions at the amount agreed to by the            We carried out the following business transactions with our
related parties, which are also reviewed by the Audit and Risk            associates and joint arrangements, being primarily MLSE
Committee. The amounts owing for these services were unsecured,           (broadcasting rights) and Glentel (Wireless distribution support).
interest-free, and due for payment in cash within one month of the        Transactions between us and our subsidiaries have been
date of the transaction.                                                  eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note.

SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES, AND JOINT                                                                                   Years ended December 31
ARRANGEMENTS                                                              (In millions of dollars)                           2022          2021
We have the following material operating subsidiaries as at
December 31, 2022 and 2021:                                               Revenue                                              74             31
• Rogers Communications Canada Inc.; and                                  Purchases                                           194            180
• Rogers Media Inc.
                                                                          Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured, interest-free, and
We have 100% ownership interest in these subsidiaries. They are           settled in cash.
incorporated in Canada and have the same reporting period for
annual financial statements reporting.                                                                                        As at December 31
When necessary, adjustments are made to conform the accounting            (In millions of dollars)                            2022         2021
policies of the subsidiaries to those of RCI. There are no significant
restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries, joint arrangements, and      Accounts receivable                                    87          112
associates to transfer funds to us as cash dividends or to repay          Accounts payable and accrued
loans or advances, subject to the approval of other shareholders            liabilities                                        138            95
where applicable.


NOTE 27: GUARANTEES
We had the following guarantees as at December 31, 2022 and               PURCHASES AND DEVELOPMENT OF ASSETS
2021 as part of our normal course of business:                            As part of transactions involving purchases and development of
                                                                          assets, we may be required to pay counterparties for costs and
BUSINESS SALE AND BUSINESS COMBINATION                                    losses incurred as a result of breaches of representations and
AGREEMENTS                                                                warranties, loss or damages to property, changes in laws and
As part of transactions involving business dispositions, sales of         regulations (including tax legislation), or litigation against the
assets, or other business combinations, we may be required to pay         counterparties.
counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of breaches
of representations and warranties, intellectual property right            INDEMNIFICATIONS
infringement, loss or damages to property, environmental liabilities,     We indemnify our directors, officers, and employees against claims
changes in laws and regulations (including tax legislation), litigation   reasonably incurred and resulting from the performance of their
against the counterparties, contingent liabilities of a disposed          services to Rogers. We have liability insurance for our directors and
business, or reassessments of previous tax filings of the corporation     officers and those of our subsidiaries.
that carries on the business.
                                                                          No amount has been accrued in the Consolidated Statements of
                                                                          Financial Position relating to these types of indemnifications or
SALES OF SERVICES                                                         guarantees as at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Historically, we have
As part of transactions involving sales of services, we may be            not made any significant payments under these indemnifications or
required to make payments to counterparties as a result of                guarantees.
breaches of representations and warranties, changes in laws and
regulations (including tax legislation), or litigation against the
counterparties.




                                                                                                     2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   145
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 28: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                          JUDGMENTS
         Contingent liabilities are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount                       We are exposed to possible losses related to various claims and
         and are not recognized until we have a present obligation as a                             lawsuits against us for which the outcome is not yet known. We
         result of a past event, it is probable that we will experience an                          therefore make significant judgments in determining the
         outflow of resources embodying economic benefits to settle the                             probability of loss when we assess contingent liabilities.
         obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of
         the obligation.                                                                            SUMMARY OF COMMITMENTS
         We disclose our contingent liabilities unless the possibility of an                        Below is a summary of the future minimum payments for our
         outflow of resources in settlement is remote.                                              contractual commitments that are not recognized as liabilities as at
                                                                                                    December 31, 2022.

                                                                                          Less than
         (In millions of dollars)                                                            1 Year            1-3 Years            4-5 Years        After 5 Years                    Total
         Player contracts 1                                                                      170                  183                  119                    33                    505
         Purchase obligations 2                                                                  333                  299                  130                   156                    918
         Program rights 3                                                                        694                1,199                  421                   346                  2,660
         Total commitments                                                                     1,197                1,681                  670                   535                  4,083
         1 Toronto Blue Jays players’ salary contracts into which we have entered and are contractually obligated to pay.
         2 Contractual obligations under service, product, and wireless device contracts to which we have committed.
         3 Agreements into which we have entered to acquire broadcasting rights for sports broadcasting programs and films for periods in excess of one year at contract inception.



         Below is a summary of our other contractual commitments that are                           has since been suspended. Each of the remaining two applications
         not included in the table above.                                                           seeks to institute a class action on behalf of all persons in Quebec
                                                                                                    who, among other things, experienced a wireless or wireline service
                                                                      As at December 31             interruption as a result of, or were otherwise impacted by, the
                                                                                                    outage. Each remaining application also claims various damages,
         (In millions of dollars)                                                       2022
                                                                                                    including, among others, contractual damages, damages for lost
         Acquisition of property, plant and                                                         profits, and punitive damages.
           equipment                                                                      192
                                                                                                    At this time, we are unable to assess the likelihood of success of
         Acquisition of intangible assets                                                   2
                                                                                                    these applications, or predict the magnitude of any liability we
         Our share of commitments related to                                                        might incur by virtue of the claims underlying those applications or
          associates and joint ventures                                                   320       any corresponding or similar claims that may be brought against us
         Total other commitments                                                          514       in the future. As such, we have not recognized a liability for this
                                                                                                    contingency. If successful, one of those claims could have a
                                                                                                    material adverse effect on our business, financial results, or financial
         CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                                                     condition. It is also possible that similar or corresponding claims
         We have the following contingent liabilities as at December 31,                            could be filed in other jurisdictions.
         2022:
                                                                                                    Wholesale Internet costing and pricing
         July 2022 network outage                                                                   On August 15, 2019, in Telecom Order CRTC 2019-288, Follow-up to
         On July 8, 2022, a network outage occurred across both wireless                            Telecom Orders 2016-396 and 2016-448 – Final rates for aggregated
         and wireline services following a maintenance update in our core                           wholesale high-speed access services (Order), the Canadian Radio-
         network that caused some of our routers to malfunction. We                                 television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) set final rates
         disconnected the specific equipment and redirected traffic, which                          for facilities-based carriers’ wholesale high-speed access services,
         allowed our network and services to come back online over time as                          including our third-party Internet access service. The Order set final
         we managed traffic volumes returning to normal levels.                                     rates for us that are significantly lower than the interim rates that were
                                                                                                    previously billed and it further determined that these final rates will
         As a result of the network outage, and our promise to customers
                                                                                                    apply retroactively to March 31, 2016.
         that we would proactively provide five days of credits on their
         services, we refunded approximately $150 million. The amount                               We did not believe the final rates set by the CRTC were just and
         refunded has been recognized in our consolidated statement of                              reasonable as required by the Telecommunications Act as we
         income as a reduction of revenue.                                                          believed they were below cost. On May 27, 2021, the CRTC
                                                                                                    released Telecom Decision CRTC 2021-181 Requests to review and
         Further, a total of four applications have now been filed in the
                                                                                                    vary Telecom Order 2019-288 regarding final rates for aggregated
         Quebec Superior Court seeking authorization to commence a class
                                                                                                    wholesale high-speed access services. The CRTC decided to adopt
         action against Rogers in relation to this network outage. One of the
                                                                                                    the interim rates in effect prior to the Order as the final rates, with
         applications was subsequently withdrawn and a second application




146   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
certain modifications, including the removal of the supplementary       At the time the Saskatchewan class action was commenced,
markup of 10% for incumbent local exchange carriers.                    corresponding claims were filed in multiple jurisdictions across
                                                                        Canada. The claims in all provinces other than Saskatchewan have
The final rates are lower than the rates we previously billed to the
                                                                        now been dismissed or discontinued. We have not recognized a
resellers for the period of March 31, 2016 to October 6, 2016. We
                                                                        liability for this contingency.
recognized a refund in 2021 of amounts previously billed to the
resellers of approximately $25 million, representing the impact on
                                                                        911 fee
a retroactive basis for that period.
                                                                        In June 2008, a class action was launched in Saskatchewan against
On May 28, 2021 a wholesale Internet Service Provider (ISP)             providers of wireless communications services in Canada. It involves
petitioned the Governor in Council to, among other things, restore      allegations of breach of contract, misrepresentation, and false
the 2019 Order and make the rates established in that order final.      advertising, among other things, in relation to the 911 fee that had
In addition, on June 28, 2021, the same wholesale ISP filed a           been charged by us and the other wireless telecommunication
motion seeking leave to appeal the 2021 Decision to the Federal         providers in Canada. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified
Court of Appeal, which was granted on September 15, 2021. We,           damages and restitution. The plaintiffs intend to seek an order
along with several other cable companies, have intervened in these      certifying the proceeding as a national class action in
matters.                                                                Saskatchewan. We have not recognized a liability for this
                                                                        contingency.
Videotron Ltd.
On October 29, 2021, Videotron Ltd. launched a lawsuit against          Income taxes
Rogers in the Quebec Superior Court, in connection with the             We provide for income taxes based on all of the information that is
agreement entered into by the parties in 2013 for the development       currently available and believe that we have adequately provided
and operation of a joint LTE network in the province of Quebec.         for these items. The calculation of applicable taxes in many cases,
The lawsuit involves allegations by Videotron Ltd. that Rogers has      however, requires significant judgment (see note 13) in interpreting
breached its contractual obligations by developing its own network      tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to audits, which
in the territory. Videotron is seeking compensatory damages in the      could materially change the amount of current and deferred
amount of $850 million. We intend to vigorously defend this             income tax assets and liabilities and provisions, and could, in
lawsuit. We have not recognized a liability for this contingency.       certain circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and
                                                                        penalties.
System access fee – Saskatchewan
In 2004, a class action was commenced against providers of              Other claims
wireless communications in Canada under the Class Actions Act           There are certain other claims and potential claims against us. We
(Saskatchewan). The class action relates to the system access fee       do not expect any of these, individually or in the aggregate, to have
wireless carriers charge to some of their customers. The plaintiffs     a material adverse effect on our financial results.
are seeking unspecified damages and punitive damages, which
would effectively be a reimbursement of all system access fees          Outcome of proceedings
collected.                                                              The outcome of all the proceedings and claims against us,
                                                                        including the matters described above, is subject to future
In 2007, the Saskatchewan Court granted the plaintiffs’ application
                                                                        resolution that includes the uncertainties of litigation. It is not
to have the proceeding certified as a national, “opt-in” class action
                                                                        possible for us to predict the result or magnitude of the claims due
where affected customers outside Saskatchewan must take specific
                                                                        to the various factors and uncertainties involved in the legal
steps to participate in the proceeding. In 2008, our motion to stay
                                                                        process. Based on information currently known to us, we believe it
the proceeding based on the arbitration clause in our wireless
                                                                        is not probable that the ultimate resolution of any of these
service agreements was granted. The Saskatchewan Court directed
                                                                        proceedings and claims, individually or in total, will have a material
that its order, in respect of the certification of the action, would
                                                                        adverse effect on our business, financial results, or financial
exclude customers who are bound by an arbitration clause from
                                                                        condition. If circumstances change and it becomes probable that
the class of plaintiffs.
                                                                        we will be held liable for claims against us and such claim is
In 2009, counsel for the plaintiffs began a second proceeding           estimable, we will recognize a provision during the period in which
under the Class Actions Act (Saskatchewan) asserting the same           the change in probability occurs, which could be material to our
claims as the original proceeding. If successful, this second class     Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated Statements
action would be an “opt-out” class proceeding. This second              of Financial Position.
proceeding was ordered conditionally stayed on the basis that it
was an abuse of process.




                                                                                              2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   147
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 29: SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
         CHANGE IN NET OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                    Years ended December 31

         (In millions of dollars)                         2022           2021

         Accounts receivable, excluding financing
            receivables                                    (201)          (78)
         Financing receivables                             (162)         (840)
         Contract assets                                      8           417
         Inventories                                         98           (56)
         Other current assets                                25            13
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities            36           556
         Contract and other liabilities                      44            25

         Total change in net operating assets and
           liabilities                                     (152)           37


         NOTE 30: SHAW TRANSACTION
         On March 15, 2021, we announced an agreement with Shaw to               On March 24, 2022, the CRTC approved our acquisition of Shaw’s
         acquire all of Shaw’s issued and outstanding Class A Participating      broadcasting services, subject to a number of conditions and
         Shares and Class B Non-Voting Participating Shares (collectively,       modifications. The CRTC approval only relates to the broadcasting
         Shaw Shares) for a price of $40.50 per share. The Shaw Family           elements of the Shaw Transaction.
         Living Trust, the controlling shareholder of Shaw, and certain
                                                                                 On May 9, 2022, the Competition Bureau (Bureau) announced it
         members of the Shaw family and certain related persons (Shaw
                                                                                 had filed applications to the Competition Tribunal (Tribunal)
         Family Shareholders) will receive (i) $16.20 in cash and (ii)
                                                                                 opposing the Shaw Transaction and requesting an injunction to
         0.417206775 Class B Non-Voting Shares of Rogers per Shaw Share
                                                                                 prevent closing of the Shaw Transaction until the Bureau’s
         held by the Shaw Family Shareholders. The Shaw Transaction is
                                                                                 application to challenge the Shaw Transaction could be decided.
         valued at approximately $26 billion, including the assumption of
                                                                                 On May 30, 2022, Rogers and Shaw agreed with the Bureau that
         approximately $6 billion of Shaw debt.
                                                                                 we would not seek to close the Shaw Transaction until we reached
         The Shaw Transaction will be implemented through a court-               an agreement with the Bureau or the Tribunal rules in our favour.
         approved plan of arrangement under the Business Corporations
                                                                                 On June 17, 2022, we announced a proposed divestiture
         Act (Alberta). On May 20, 2021, Shaw shareholders voted to
                                                                                 agreement with Shaw and Quebecor Inc. (Quebecor) for the sale
         approve the Shaw Transaction at a special shareholders meeting.
                                                                                 of Freedom Mobile Inc. (Freedom) to Quebecor (Freedom
         The Court of King’s Bench of Alberta issued a final order approving
                                                                                 Transaction). The agreement provides for the sale of all Freedom-
         the Shaw Transaction on May 25, 2021. The Shaw Transaction is
                                                                                 branded wireless and Internet customers and all of Freedom’s
         subject to other customary closing conditions, including
                                                                                 infrastructure, spectrum licences, and retail locations. The Freedom
         compliance with, or receipt of, applicable approvals under the
                                                                                 Transaction also includes long-term agreements to provide
         Competition Act (Canada) and the Radiocommunication Act
                                                                                 transport (including backhaul and backbone), roaming, and other
         (Canada) (collectively, Key Regulatory Approvals).
                                                                                 services to Quebecor. Subsequent to closing, Rogers and
         In connection with the Shaw Transaction, we entered into a binding      Quebecor will provide each other with customary transition services
         commitment letter for a committed credit facility with a syndicate of   as necessary to operate Freedom’s business for a reasonable
         banks in an original amount up to $19 billion (see note 19). During     period of time and to facilitate the separation of Freedom’s
         the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered into the $6 billion        business from the other businesses and operations of Shaw and its
         Shaw term loan facility (see note 21), which served to reduce the       affiliates. The agreement does not contemplate the sale of Shaw
         amount available under the committed credit facility to $13 billion.    Mobile-branded wireless subscribers. Under the terms of the
         During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we issued the             agreement, Quebecor has agreed to pay Shaw $2.85 billion on a
         Shaw senior note financing, which served to reduce the amount           cash-free, debt-free basis.
         available under the committed credit facility to nil and the facility
                                                                                 The Freedom Transaction is conditional, among other things, on
         was terminated. We also expect that RCI will either assume Shaw’s
                                                                                 the completion of the Shaw Transaction, compliance with the
         senior notes or provide a guarantee of Shaw’s payment obligations
                                                                                 Competition Act (Canada), and the approval of the Minister of
         under those senior notes upon closing the Shaw Transaction and,
                                                                                 Innovation, Science and Industry and would close substantially
         in either case, RCCI will guarantee Shaw’s payment obligations
                                                                                 concurrently with closing of the Shaw Transaction. On August 12,
         under those senior notes.
                                                                                 2022, we announced Rogers and Shaw had entered into definitive
                                                                                 agreements with Quebecor.




148   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
On October 25, 2022, the Minister for Innovation, Science and          Given the ongoing regulatory process and the parties’ continued
Industry as an administrative matter denied our initial March 2021     commitment to the Shaw Transaction, Rogers, Shaw, and the Shaw
request to transfer Freedom’s spectrum licences to Rogers. In          Family Living Trust have agreed to extend the outside date for
contemplation of the proposed Freedom Transaction, the Minister        closing the Shaw Transaction to March 31, 2023 (with the consent
set out certain conditions (which Quebecor announced its               of Quebecor). The outside date for the proposed Freedom
intention to accept) before the Minister would consider approving      Transaction coincides with the outside date of the Shaw
a transfer of Freedom’s spectrum licences to Videotron Inc.            Transaction. Nonetheless, the time required for ISED Canada to
(Videotron). On December 31, 2022, the Minister indicated he           issue its approval is uncertain and could result in further delays in,
would not render his decision on the transfer of Freedom’s             or prevent the closing of, the Shaw Transaction and the Freedom
spectrum licences to Videotron until there is clarity on the ongoing   Transaction.
legal process arising from the Tribunal’s decision. The proposed
                                                                       Under certain circumstances, if the Key Regulatory Approvals are
Freedom Transaction continues to be reviewed by ISED Canada.
                                                                       not obtained, or any law or order relating to the Key Regulatory
The Tribunal proceedings commenced on November 7, 2022 and             Approvals or the Competition Act is in effect that would make the
final oral arguments were completed on December 14, 2022. On           consummation of the Shaw Transaction illegal, and the failure to
December 29, 2022, the Tribunal released its summary decision,         obtain the Key Regulatory Approvals is not caused by, and is not a
dismissing the Bureau’s application to block the Shaw Transaction.     result of, the failure by Shaw to perform in all material respects any
Subsequently, on December 30, 2022, the Bureau announced it            of its covenants or agreements under the arrangement agreement,
would appeal the Tribunal’s decision to the Federal Court of           we would be obligated to pay a $1.2 billion reverse termination fee
Appeal. The Federal Court of Appeal held a hearing on January 24,      to Shaw. We would also be responsible to reimburse Shaw for
2023, during which it issued a ruling from the bench dismissing the    certain costs relating to the May 2021 exercise of our right to
Bureau’s appeal and upholding the Tribunal’s decision. On              require Shaw to redeem its issued and outstanding preferred
January 24, 2023, following the Federal Court of Appeal’s decision,    shares.
the Bureau announced it would not be pursuing a further appeal in
the case. On January 25, 2023, the House of Commons Standing
Committee on Industry and Technology held a second public
hearing regarding the Shaw Transaction, including the proposed
Freedom Transaction, at which members of management for
Rogers, Shaw, and Quebecor, among others, appeared.




                                                                                             2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   149
         Glossary of selected industry terms
         and helpful links
         3G (Third Generation Wireless): The third               bps (Bits per Second): A measurement of data                   multiple channels to allow for download speeds up
         generation of mobile phone standards and                transmission speed used for measuring the amount               to 10 Gbps and upload speeds up to 2 Gbps,
         technology. A key goal of 3G standards was to           of data that is transferred in a second between two            depending upon how many channels are bonded
         enable mobile broadband data speeds above 384           telecommunications points or within network devices.           together.
         Kbps. 3G networks enable network operators to offer     Kbps (kilobits per second) is thousands of bps; Mbps
         users a wider range of more advanced services while     (megabits per second) is millions of bps; Gbps                 DSL (Digital Subscriber Line): A family of broadband
         achieving greater network capacity through improved     (gigabits per second) is billions of bps; and Tbps             technologies that offers always-on, high-bandwidth
         spectral efficiency. Advanced services include video    (terabits per second) is trillions of bps.                     (usually asymmetrical) transmission over an existing
         and multimedia messaging and broadband wireless                                                                        twisted-pair copper telephone line. DSL shares the
         data, all in a mobile environment.                      Broadband: Communications service that allows for              same phone line as the telephone service but uses a
                                                                 the high-speed transmission of voice, data, and video          different part of the phone line’s bandwidth.
         3.5G (Enhanced Third Generation Wireless):              simultaneously at rates of 1.544 Mbps and above.
         Evolutionary upgrades to 3G services that provide                                                                      Edge Computing: The process of obtaining,
         significantly enhanced broadband wireless data          Bundling: Refers to the coupling of independent                processing, and analyzing data close to the source of
         performance to enable multi-megabit data speeds.        products or services offered into one retail package.          its creation, Edge computing eliminates the need for
         The key 3.5G technologies in North America are                                                                         data to travel through a distant server, reducing
         HSPA and CDMA EV-DO.                                    BYOD (Bring Your Own Device): Refers to the action             latency and bandwidth usage.
                                                                 that customers are able to sign up for wireless
         4G (Fourth Generation Wireless): A technology that      services on a personally purchased device, as                  Fibre Optics: A method for the transmission of
         offers increased voice, video, and multimedia           opposed to the traditional means of acquiring one              information (voice, video, or data) in which light is
         capabilities, a higher network capacity, improved       through a term contract.                                       modulated and transmitted over hair-thin filaments of
         spectral efficiency, and high-speed data rates over                                                                    glass called fibre optic cables. The bandwidth
         current 3G benchmarks. Also referred to as LTE.         Cable Telephony (Phone): The transmission of real-             capacity of fibre optic cable is much greater than that
                                                                 time voice communications over a cable network.                of copper wire and light can travel relatively long
         4.5G (Enhanced Fourth Generation Wireless):                                                                            distances through glass without the need for
         Evolutionary upgrades to 4G services that enables       Churn: This business performance measure is used to            amplification.
         two to three times the download speeds of 4G            describe the disconnect rate of customers to a
         technology. 4.5G technology has been designed to        telecommunications service. It is a measure of                 FTTH (Fibre-to-the-Home)/FTTP (Fibre-to-the-
         support virtual and augmented reality, 4K streaming,    customer turnover and is often at least partially              Premise): Represents fibre optic cable that reaches
         and other emerging services.                            reflective of service quality and competitive intensity. It    the boundary of the home or premise, such as a box
                                                                 is usually expressed as a percentage and calculated            on the outside wall of a home or business.
         5G (Fifth Generation Wireless): The proposed next       as the number of subscriber units disconnecting in a
         generation of wireless telecommunications               period divided by the average number of units on the           GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications):
         standards. We expect 5G technology to result in         network in the same period.                                    A TDMA-based technology and a member of the
         significantly reduced latency compared to LTE,                                                                         “second generation” (2G) family of mobile protocols
         improvements in signalling efficiency and coverage,     CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange Carrier): A                   that is deployed widely around the world, especially
         and the ability to connect to more devices at once      telecommunications provider company that                       at the 850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHz frequency
         than ever before.                                       competes with other, already established carriers,             bands.
                                                                 generally the ILEC.
         4K—Ultra-High Definition Video: Denotes a specific                                                                     Hardware Upgrade (HUP): The act of an existing
         television display resolution of 4096x2160 pixels.      Cloud Computing: The ability to run a program or               wireless customer upgrading to a new wireless
         1920x1080 resolution full-HD televisions present an     application on many connected computers                        device.
         image of around 2 megapixels, while the 4K              simultaneously as the software, data, and services
         generation of screens displays an 8 megapixel           reside in data centres.                                        HDR (High Dynamic Range): An imaging technique
         image.                                                                                                                 used to reproduce a greater dynamic range of
                                                                 CPE (Customer Premise Equipment):                              luminosity than is possible with standard digital
         ARPA (Average Revenue per Account): This                Telecommunications hardware, such as a modem or                imaging or photographic techniques.
         business performance measure, expressed as a dollar     set-top box, that is located at the home or business of
         rate per month, is predominantly used in wireless and   a customer.                                                    Hertz: A unit of frequency defined as one cycle per
         cable industries to describe the revenue generated                                                                     second. It is commonly used to describe the speeds
         per customer account per month. ARPA is an              CRTC (Canadian Radio-television and                            at which electronics are driven in the radio industry.
         indicator of a wireless and cable business’ operating   Telecommunications Commission): The federal                    MHz (megahertz) is millions of hertz; GHz (gigahertz)
         performance.                                            regulator for radio and television broadcasters and            is billions of hertz; and THz (terahertz) is trillions of
                                                                 cable TV and telecommunications companies in                   hertz.
         ARPU (Average Revenue per User): This business          Canada.
         performance measure, expressed as a dollar rate per                                                                    Homes Passed: Total number of homes that have the
         month, is predominantly used in the wireless and        Customer Relationships: This Cable metric refers               potential for being connected to a cable system in a
         cable industries to describe the revenue generated      dwelling units where at least one of our Cable                 defined geographic area.
         per customer per month. ARPU is an indicator of a       services is installed and operating and the service(s)
         wireless or cable business’ operating performance.      are billed accordingly. When there is more than one            Hosting (Web Hosting): The business of housing,
                                                                 unit in one dwelling, such as an apartment building,           serving, and maintaining files for one or more
         AWS (Advanced Wireless Services): The wireless          each tenant with at least one of our Cable services is         websites or e-mail accounts. Using a hosting service
         telecommunications spectrum band that is used for       counted as an individual customer relationship,                allows many companies to share the cost of a high-
         wireless voice, data, messaging services, and           whether the service is invoiced separately or included         speed Internet connection for serving files, as well as
         multimedia.                                             in the tenant’s rent. Institutional units, like hospitals or   other Internet infrastructure and management costs.
                                                                 hotels, are each considered one customer
         Bandwidth: Bandwidth can have two different             relationship.                                                  Hotspot: A Wi-Fi access point in a public place, such
         meanings: (1) a band or block of radio frequencies                                                                     as a café, train station, airport, commercial office
         measured in cycles per second, or Hertz; or (2) an      Data Centre: A facility used to house computer                 property, or conference centre.
         amount or unit of capacity in a telecommunications      systems and associated components, such as
         transmission network. In general, bandwidth is the      telecommunications and storage systems. It generally           HSPA (High-Speed Packet Access): HSPA is an
         available space to carry a signal. The greater the      includes redundant or backup power supplies,                   IP-based packet-data enhancement technology that
         bandwidth, the greater the information-carrying         redundant data communications connections,                     provides high-speed broadband packet data services
         capacity.                                               environmental controls (e.g., air conditioning, fire           over 3G networks. HSPA+ provides high-speed
                                                                 suppression), and security controls.                           broadband packet data services at even faster speeds
         BDU (Broadcast Distribution Undertaking): An                                                                           than HSPA over 4G networks.
         undertaking for the reception of broadcasting and       DOCSIS (Data Over Cable Service Interface
         the retransmission thereof by radio waves or other      Specification): A non-proprietary industry standard            Hybrid Fibre-Coaxial Network Architecture (HFC):
         means of telecommunication to more than one             developed by CableLabs that allows for equipment               A technology in which fibre optic cable and coaxial
         permanent or temporary residence or dwelling unit       interoperability from the headend to the CPE. The              cable are used in different portions of a network to
         or to another such undertaking.                         latest version (DOCSIS 3.1) enables bonding of




150   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
carry broadband content (such as video, voice, and           OTT (Over-the-Top): Audio, visual, or alternative           and telecommunications systems. It reports to
data) from a distribution facility to a subscriber           media distributed via the Internet or other                 Parliament through the Minister of Canadian
premise.                                                     non-traditional media.                                      Heritage. www.crtc.gc.ca

ILEC (Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier): The                 Penetration: The degree to which a product or               Innovation, Science and Economic Development
dominant telecommunications company providing                service has been sold into, or adopted by, the base of      Canada (ISED Canada)
local telephone service in a given geographic area           potential customers or subscribers in a given               ISED Canada is a ministry of the federal government
when competition began. Typically, an ILEC is the            geographic area. This value is typically expressed as a     whose mission is to foster a growing, competitive,
traditional phone company and the original local             percentage.                                                 knowledge-based Canadian economy. It also works
exchange carrier in a given market.                                                                                      with Canadians throughout the economy and in all
                                                             Postpaid: A conventional method of payment for              parts of the country to improve conditions for
IoT (Internet of Things): The concept of connecting          wireless service where a subscriber pays a fixed            investment, improve Canada’s innovation
everyday objects and devices (e.g., appliances and           monthly fee for a significant portion of services.          performance, increase Canada’s share of global
cellular phones) to the Internet and each other. This        Usage (e.g. long distance) and overages are billed in       trade, and build an efficient and competitive
allows them to sense their environment and                   arrears, subsequent to consuming the services. The          marketplace. www.ic.gc.ca
communicate between themselves, allowing for the             fees are often arranged on a term contract basis.
seamless flow of data.                                                                                                   Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
                                                             Prepaid: A method of payment for wireless service           The FCC is an independent United States
IP (Internet Protocol): The packet-based computer            that requires a subscriber to prepay for a set amount       government agency. The FCC was established by the
network protocol that all machines on the Internet           of airtime or data usage in advance of actual usage.        Communications Act of 1934 and is charged with
must know so they can communicate with one                   Generally, a subscriber’s prepaid account is debited        regulating interstate and international
another. IP is a set of data switching and routing rules     at the time of usage so that actual usage cannot            communications by radio, television, wire, satellite,
that specify how information is cut up into packets          exceed the prepaid amount until an additional               and cable. The FCC’s jurisdiction covers the 50 states,
and how they are addressed for delivery between              prepayment is made.                                         the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories.
computers.                                                                                                               www.fcc.gov
                                                             PVR (Personal Video Recorder): A consumer
IPTV (Internet Protocol Television): A system where          electronics device or application software that records     Canadian Wireless Telecommunications
a digital television signal is delivered using IP. Unlike    video in a digital format. The term includes set-top        Association (CWTA)
broadcasting, viewers receive only the stream of             boxes with direct-to-disk recording capabilities, which     The CWTA is the industry trade organization and
content they have requested (by surfing channels or          enables video capture and playback to and from a            authority on wireless issues, developments, and
ordering video on demand).                                   hard disk.                                                  trends in Canada. It represents wireless service
                                                                                                                         providers as well as companies that develop and
ISED Canada (Innovation, Science and Economic                Set-Top Box: A standalone device that receives and          produce products and services for the industry,
Development Canada): The Canadian federal                    decodes programming so that it may be displayed             including handset and equipment manufacturers,
government department responsible for, amongst               on a television. Set-top boxes may be used to receive       content and application creators, and
other things, the regulation, management, and                broadcast, cable, and satellite programming.                business-to-business service providers. www.cwta.ca
allocation of radio spectrum and establishing
technical requirements for various wireless systems.         Spectrum: A term generally applied to                       The Wireless Association (CTIA)
                                                             electromagnetic radio frequencies used in the               The CTIA is an international non-profit membership
ISP (Internet Service Provider): A provider of Internet      transmission of sound, data, and video. Various             organization, founded in 1984, representing wireless
access service to consumers and/or businesses.               portions of spectrum are designated for use in              carriers and their suppliers, as well as providers and
                                                             cellular service, television, FM radio, and satellite       manufacturers of wireless data services and products.
LAN (Local Area Network): A network created via              transmissions.                                              The CTIA advocates on their behalf before all levels of
linked computers within a small area, such as a single                                                                   government. www.ctia.org
site or building.                                            Subscription Video-on-Demand (SVOD): Refers to a
                                                             service that offers, for a monthly charge, access to        GSM Association (GSMA)
LTE (Long-Term Evolution): A fourth generation               specific programming with unlimited viewing on an           The GSMA is a global trade association representing
cellular wireless technology (also known as 4G) that         on-demand basis.                                            nearly 800 operators with more than 300 companies
has evolved and enhanced the UMTS/HSPA+ mobile                                                                           in the broader mobile ecosystem, including handset
phone standards. LTE improves spectral efficiency,           TPIA (Third-Party Internet Access): Wholesale high-         and device makers, software companies, equipment
lowers costs, improves services, and, most                   speed access services of large cable carriers that          providers, and Internet companies, as well as
importantly, allows for higher data rates. LTE               enable independent service providers to offer retail        organizations in adjacent industry sectors. In addition,
technology is designed to deliver speeds up to 300           Internet services to their own end-users.                   more than 180 manufacturers and suppliers support
Mbps.                                                                                                                    the Association’s initiatives as associate members.
                                                             Video-on-Demand (VOD): A cable service that allows          The GSMA works on projects and initiatives that
LTE Advanced (LTE-A): A mobile communication                 a customer to select and view movies and shows at           address the collective interests of the mobile industry,
standard that represents a major enhancement of the          any time from a library of thousands of titles.             and of mobile operators in particular.
LTE standard. With a peak data rate of 1 Gbps, LTE                                                                       www.gsma.com
Advanced also offers faster switching between power          VoIP (Voice over IP): The technology used to
states and improved performance at the cell edge.            transmit real-time voice conversations in data packets      Commission for Complaints for Telecom-television
                                                             over a data network using IP. Such data networks            Services (CCTS)
Machine-to-Machine (M2M): The wireless inter­                include telephone company networks, cable TV                An independent organization dedicated to working
connection of physical devices or objects that are           networks, wireless networks, corporate intranets, and       with consumers and service providers to resolve
seamlessly integrated into an information network to         the Internet.                                               complaints about telephone, television, and Internet
become active participants in business processes.                                                                        services. Its structure and mandate were approved by
Services are available to interact with these ‘smart         VoLTE (Voice over LTE): A platform to provide voice         the CRTC. www.ccts-cprst.ca
objects’ over the Internet, query, change their state,       services to wireless customers over LTE wireless
and capture any information associated with them.            networks. The LTE standard only supports packet
                                                             switching, as it is all IP-based technology. Voice calls
MVNO (Mobile Virtual Network Operator): A                    in GSM are circuit switched, so with the adoption of
wireless communications service provider that does           LTE, carriers are required to re-engineer their voice
not own the wireless network infrastructure through          call network, while providing continuity for traditional
which it provides services to its customers.                 circuit-switched networks on 2G and 3G networks.

Near-net: Customer location(s) adjacent to network           Wi-Fi: The commercial name for a networking
infrastructure allowing connectivity to the premises to      technology standard for wireless LANs that essentially
be extended with relative ease.                              provide the same connectivity as wired networks, but at
                                                             lower speeds. Wi-Fi allows any user with a Wi-Fi-enabled
Off-net: Customer location(s) where network                  device to connect to a wireless access point.
infrastructure is not readily available, necessitating the
use of a third-party leased access for connectivity to
the premises.                                                Helpful links
On-net: Customer location(s) where network                   Canadian Radio-Television and
                                                             Telecommunications Commission (CRTC)
                                                                                                                                   For a more comprehensive glossary
infrastructure is in place to provide connectivity to the
premises without further builds or third-party leases.       The CRTC is an independent public organization that                   of industry and technology terms,
An on-net customer can be readily provisioned.               regulates and supervises the Canadian broadcasting                    go to rogers.com/glossary



                                                                                                                        2022 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.               |   151
         Corporate and shareholder information
         CORPORATE OFFICES                                         STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS                                    COMMON STOCK TRADING AND
         Rogers Communications Inc.                                Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX):                              DIVIDEND INFORMATION
         333 Bloor Street East,
                                                                   RCI.A – Class A Voting shares                                                                         Dividends
         Toronto, ON M4W 1G9                                       (CUSIP # 775109101)                                                              Price RCI.B on TSX
                                                                                                                                                                         Declared
         416.935.7777                                              RCI.B – Class B Non-Voting shares                          2022                  High    Low    Close per Share
                                                                   (CUSIP # 775109200)
         CUSTOMER SERVICE AND                                                                                                 First Quarter      $71.26 $59.58 $70.76          $0.50
         PRODUCT INFORMATION                                       New York Stock Exchange (NYSE):                            Second Quarter     $80.85 $57.90 $61.68          $0.50
         888.764.3771 or rogers.com                                RCI – Class B Non-Voting shares                            Third Quarter      $63.18 $52.75 $53.21          $0.50
                                                                   (CUSIP # 775109200)                                        Fourth Quarter     $64.81 $50.53 $63.37          $0.50
         SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
         If you are a registered shareholder and have inquiries
         regarding your account, wish to change your name or                                                                  Shares Outstanding at December 31,
         address, or have questions about lost stock                                                                          2022
         certificates, share transfers, estate settlements or                                                                 Class A Voting                         111,152,011
         dividends, please contact our transfer agent and
         registrar:                                                DEBT SECURITIES                                            Class B Non-Voting                     393,773,306
                                                                   For details of the public debt securities of the Rogers
         TSX Trust Company                                         companies, please refer to the “Debt Securities”           2023 Expected Dividend Dates
         300 – 100 Adelaide Street West                            section investors.rogers.com                               Record Date*:                  Payment Date*:
         Toronto, ON M5H 4H1, Canada
         416.682.3860 or 800.387.0825                              INDEPENDENT AUDITORS                                       March 10, 2023                 April 3, 2023
         shareholderinquiries@tmx.com                              KPMG LLP                                                   June 9, 2023                   July 5, 2023
         Duplicate Mailings                                        ONLINE INFORMATION                                         September 8, 2023              October 2, 2023
         If you receive duplicate shareholder mailings from        Rogers is committed to open and full financial             December 8, 2023               January 2, 2024
         Rogers Communications, please contact TSX Trust           disclosure and best practices in corporate
         Company as detailed above to consolidate your             governance. We invite you to visit                         * Subject to Board approval
         accounts.                                                 investors.rogers.com where you will find additional
                                                                   information about our business, including events and       Unless indicated otherwise, all dividends paid by
         INVESTOR RELATIONS                                        presentations, news releases, regulatory filings,          Rogers Communications are designated as “eligible”
         Institutional investors, securities analysts and others   governance practices, corporate social responsibility      dividends for the purposes of the Income Tax Act
         requiring additional financial information can visit      and our continuous disclosure materials, including         (Canada) and any similar provincial legislation.
         investors.rogers.com or contact us at:                    quarterly financial releases, annual information forms,
                                                                   and management information circulars. You may also         DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN (DRIP)
         647.435.6470 or                                                                                                      Rogers offers a convenient dividend reinvestment
                                                                   subscribe to our news by email or RSS feeds to
         844.801.4792 (outside North America)                                                                                 program for eligible shareholders to purchase
                                                                   automatically receive Rogers news releases
         or investor.relations@rci.rogers.com                      electronically.                                            additional Rogers Communications shares by
                                                                                                                              reinvesting their cash dividends without incurring
         CORPORATE PHILANTHROPY                                    DIRECT DEPOSIT SERVICE                                     brokerage fees or administration fees. For plan
         For information relating to Rogers’ various               Shareholders may have dividends deposited directly         information and enrolment materials or to learn more
         philanthropic endeavours, refer to the “About             into accounts held at financial institutions. To arrange   about Rogers’ DRIP, please visit https://tsxtrust.com/
         Rogers” section of rogers.com                             direct deposit service, please contact TSX Trust           a/investor-hub or contact TSX Trust Company as
                                                                   Company as detailed earlier on this page.                  detailed earlier on this page.
         SUSTAINABILITY
         Rogers is committed to continuing to grow                                                                            ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF
         responsibly and we focus our social and                                                                              SHAREHOLDER MATERIALS
         environmental sustainability efforts where we can                                                                    Registered shareholders can receive electronic notice
         make the most meaningful impacts on both. To learn                                                                   of financial reports and proxy materials by registering
         more, please visit about.rogers.com/our-impact                                                                       at https://tsxtrust.com/edelivery. This approach gets
                                                                                                                              information to shareholders faster than conventional
                                                                                                                              mail and helps Rogers protect the environment and
                                                                                                                              reduce printing and postage costs.



                                                                                                                                      Facebook
          CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND OTHER RISKS                                                               facebook.com/rogers
          This annual report includes forward-looking statements about the financial condition and                                    Twitter
          prospects of Rogers Communications that involve significant risks and uncertainties that are                                @rogers
          detailed in the “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business” and “About Forward-Looking                                 LinkedIn
          Information” sections of the MD&A contained herein, which should be read in conjunction with                                linkedin.com/company/
          all sections of this annual report.                                                                                         rogers-communications




         Trademarks in this report are owned or used under license by Rogers Communications Inc. or an affiliate. This report also includes trademarks of other parties. The
         trademarks referred to in this report may be listed without the ™ symbols. © 2023 Rogers Communications




152   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT
The best is yet to come
