CANADA’S COMMUNICATIONS,
SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT
COMPANY
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
1   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
ABOUT
ROGERS
Ted Rogers founded our company 65 years ago
with one small loan and one big dream.

He believed in the power of communication
to inform, to inspire, and to innovate. Driven
to honour his father’s legacy, he purchased his
very first radio station, CHFI, at the age of 27.

From these humble beginnings, we’ve grown
into Canada’s communications, sports and
entertainment company – because the relentless
drive of one turned into the relentless drive
of many.

Each and every day, we’re driven to enhance
and enrich the lives of Canadians with the best
communications, the best sports and best
entertainment experiences they can rely on…
we got you.




                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   2
                                                    Dear Shareholders,
                                                    In 2025, we delivered strong results and made strategic
                                                    investments across our three pillars of growth - wireless,
                                                    cable, and sports.

                                                    We continued to execute with discipline in a very
                                                    competitive market and continued to lead with
                                                    innovative firsts and transformative transactions.


                                                    Delivering industry-leading performance

                                                    We met or exceeded our 2025 financial outlook,
                                                    including total service revenue growth of 6% and
                                                    free cash flow exceeding $3.3 billion.

                                                    We executed on our plan to return our debt leverage
                                                    ratio back to pre-Shaw levels, well ahead of our initial
                                                    target. We improved our balance sheet while investing
                                                    to grow and innovate in our core businesses.

                                                    We delivered industry-leading Wireless and
                                                    Cable margins.

                                                    We attracted the most combined net new mobile
                                                    phone and Internet subscribers.
    A MESSAGE FROM

    TONY
                                                    In Wireless, our results reflect our focus on delivering
                                                    solid financials and balanced subscriber growth with
                                                    the best value proposition. In this highly competitive
                                                    market, service revenue remained consistent, adjusted
                                                    EBITDA grew, and postpaid churn improved.

                                                    In Cable, we continued to deliver consistent results
                                                    after a notable turnaround in 2024. We achieved solid
                                                    Internet subscriber net additions and grew adjusted
                                                    EBITDA, part of our balanced approach to deliver
“ We improved our                                   industry-leading margins.


  balance sheet while                               In Media, we delivered strong growth in our core
                                                    sports and media operations. We meaningfully grew

  investing to grow                                 revenue and adjusted EBITDA, driven by exceptional
                                                    performance in our growing sports business including

  and innovate in our                               our expanded MLSE ownership position. These results
                                                    reflect the quality of our world-class sports assets.

  core businesses.”                                 We returned $1.1 billion in dividends to shareholders
                                                    and delivered the best Total Shareholder Return
                                                    among our national competitors. I am confident in
                                                    our plan to continue to drive long-term growth and
                                                    shareholder value.

                                                    Overall, our team continues to execute with discipline
                                                    and drive growth in our three core businesses.



3   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Investing to deliver the best connectivity
                                                          “ We meaningfully
We continued to invest to deliver the best networks
to Canadians. This includes the most reliable              advanced our sports
networks and the most wireless coverage of any
carrier in Canada.
                                                           strategy to unlock
We launched Rogers Satellite, the first and only
                                                           shareholder value.”
provider in Canada to offer satellite-to-mobile
services. Canadians can now stay connected in areas
where traditional cellular networks don’t reach - no
other carrier offers this value prop, or this coverage.

Rogers Satellite also provides connectivity for
                                                           In entertainment, we expanded our distribution of
IoT applications for businesses operating in
                                                           popular lifestyle and entertainment brands including
remote regions.
                                                           HGTV, Food Network, Discovery, and Bravo. And we
We were the first Canadian Internet provider to            expanded the roll out of Rogers Xfinity to deliver the
introduce WiFi 7, the latest generation of WiFi.           most content and the best entertainment experience
And Rogers delivered Canada’s first home Internet          on our world-class platform.
backup solution for enhanced reliability, part of our
                                                           Together, our sports and entertainment assets are
industry-leading Rogers Xfinity platform.
                                                           unparalleled in Canada and rival the best assets in
In 2025, we invested $3.7 billion in our networks          the world.
along with innovative products and technologies.
                                                           Rogers has been building its sports position for
We are a proud Canadian company, and we strongly
                                                           decades, and our progress last year was critical to
encourage government policies that incent Canadian
                                                           deliver on our long-term plan. We have been both
companies to invest in Canada.
                                                           patient and opportunistic, and we remain focused
                                                           on the monetization of our world-class sports assets
Investing to deliver world-class sports                    to benefit fans, shareholders and Rogers customers.
& entertainment

Live sports and entertainment are a core part of our       Looking Ahead to 2026
business strategy.
                                                           As we look to the year ahead, we remain
In 2025, we meaningfully advanced our sports               focused on winning in the market and shaping
strategy to unlock shareholder value and drive gains       the future of connectivity, sports, and entertainment
in our third pillar of growth.                             for Canadians.
We closed our MLSE deal with Bell, becoming                Our 2026 outlook outlines strong service revenue
the majority owner of a world-class sports and             growth, along with additional capital efficiency and
entertainment company. We plan to purchase the             higher free cash flow.
remaining 25% minority interest in MLSE in 2026.
                                                           I would like to extend my thanks to the Rogers team
We renewed our agreement with the National                 for their hard work, our Board for their confidence
Hockey League (NHL) for the national media rights          and our shareholders for their support.
for the next 12 years.

The Toronto Blue Jays captivated the nation with
their fantastic postseason run. And these world-class      Tony Staffieri
sports were broadcast on Sportsnet, Canada’s #1            President and Chief Executive Officer
sports media brand.




                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   4
                                                    Dear Shareholders,
                                                    I am pleased to report that Rogers delivered strong
                                                    results and made significant progress on our strategic
                                                    plan in 2025. I would like to congratulate Tony Staffieri,
                                                    the senior management team, and all Rogers
                                                    employees for another solid year of results.

                                                    As a Board, we remain focused on ensuring the long-
                                                    term growth of Rogers for our customers and our
                                                    shareholders.

                                                    To do this, we are making strategic investments to
                                                    position Rogers for long-term success. This includes
                                                    investments in connectivity, content, and sports.


                                                    Investing in growth

                                                    Our networks are the backbone of our business and
                                                    the Canadian economy. They connect people, drive
                                                    the economy, and fuel innovation.

                                                    Over the past decade, we have invested nearly
                                                    $40 billion in our networks to fuel growth and
                                                    innovation. Entire industries rely on our networks,
    A MESSAGE FROM                                  and we’ve proudly invested to build Canada’s most




    EDWARD
                                                    reliable networks and to provide the most coverage.
                                                    Our recent launch of Rogers Satellite, the next big
                                                    leap in wireless connectivity, is another proof point
                                                    of the investments we’re making to deliver this growth.

                                                    We’re also making long-term investments in content.
                                                    Over the past decade, we’ve invested more than
                                                    $9 billion in content for all platforms. These strategic
                                                    investments enable us to use our premium content,
                                                    both owned and licensed, to deepen customer
“ Our networks                                      engagement and drive growth across distribution,
                                                    advertising, and subscription platforms.
    are the backbone                                And with our long-term strategic partnership with

    of our business                                 Comcast, we’re investing to bring Canadians the
                                                    best entertainment on our world-class Rogers

    and the Canadian                                Xfinity platform, integrating the best live TV, sports,
                                                    on-demand, and streaming apps.

    economy.”                                       Finally, we’re making long-term investments
                                                    in sports. Over the past decade, we have invested
                                                    over $16 billion in sports and established one of the
                                                    most respected set of sports assets globally.

                                                    Rogers started to meaningfully invest in sports in
                                                    1998 as a co-founder of Sportsnet and, in 2000, we
                                                    expanded our sports portfolio with the acquisition of
                                                    the Toronto Blue Jays.


5   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Over the next two decades, we deepened our
investments in sport through an ownership stake
                                                         “ We are bringing together
in MLSE in 2012 and our first NHL national media           the best collection of
rights deal beginning in the 2014-15 season. Today,
Rogers is a communications, entertainment, and             sports assets globally
sports powerhouse.
                                                           and creating a sports
Maximizing shareholder value                               business at scale.”
We firmly believe we have the best asset mix
in the business – our wireless, wireline, and
sports & entertainment assets allow us to reach
Canadians with services and experiences that are
highly coveted.
                                                          We have also recently expanded our deep
It’s why we are on a long-term journey to maximize        commitment to youth with the launch of our new
these assets to attract and retain more customers.        national impact strategy, Rogers Screen Break.
Strategically, we are bringing together the best          Rogers Screen Break is a five-year, $50 million
collection of sports assets globally and creating         initiative to help youth build healthy relationships
a sports business at scale.                               with their screens. As a provider of connectivity,
Through this collection of assets, we believe we          we believe we have a responsibility to help youth
will grow and retain more customers, increase             balance screen time and active time. Our customers
our profitability, and build our brand as a               have told us they want help with this issue, and we
communications, entertainment, and sports                 are very proud to play our part.
powerhouse. This should continue to drive long-term       And as a sports owner, we saw an opportunity
shareholder value.                                        to incorporate our sports assets into this impact
As a sports owner, broadcaster, and the largest           program. We are working with our roster of world-
wireless carrier and cable company in Canada, we          class athletes to help young Canadians rethink their
have a value proposition that is truly differentiated.    relationship with their screens and to encourage
                                                          more active living.
No other company in the country, and very few
globally, can match the combination of these assets.      ***
We will fully connect and elevate this ecosystem          In closing, we delivered strong results, made
to benefit fans and Rogers customers with richer          strategic investments, and laid the groundwork
content, deeper access, and more innovative               for our growth and success long-term.
experiences across every platform. This integrated,
                                                          I would like to thank Tony, the senior management
end-to-end approach will strengthen our business
                                                          team, and Rogers employees for their unwavering
and generate long-term value for shareholders.
                                                          commitment to serving our customers
                                                          and shareholders.
Investing in Canada’s Youth

Taking a step back, Rogers has a proud legacy of
supporting youth, the future of our country.
                                                          Edward Rogers
This includes Jays Care Foundation, Rogers Youth          Executive Chair of the Board
Grants, the Ted Rogers Scholarship program, and,          Rogers Communications Inc.
more recently, Rogers Charity Classic in support of
children’s charities in Alberta.




                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   6
     OUR WORLD-CLASS
     BRANDS AND
     PARTNERS
      OUR BRANDS




      OUR PARTNERS



7   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
STRONG
RESULTS
1   MET OR EXCEEDED ALL 2025
    GUIDANCE METRICS           4   ATTRACTED MOST MOBILE
                                   PHONE AND INTERNET
                                   CUSTOMERS



2   STRENGTHENED BALANCE
    SHEET WITH 0.6X DEBT
    LEVERAGE REDUCTION
                               5   GENERATED OVER $3.3B
                                   IN FREE CASH FLOW




3   DELIVERED BEST CABLE AND
    WIRELESS MARGINS           6   RETURNED OVER $1.1 BILLION
                                   IN CAPITAL TO SHAREHOLDERS



                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   8
    LEADING
    CONNECTIONS
    1      LAUNCHED
           ROGERS SATELLITE                         4   BECAME THE FIRST CANADIAN
                                                        INTERNET PROVIDER TO
                                                        DELIVER WIFI 7



    2      RANKED CANADA’S MOST
           RELIABLE 5G+ NETWORK                     5   DELIVERED CANADA’S FIRST
                                                        HOME INTERNET BACKUP
                                                        SOLUTION



    3      RECOGNIZED AS CANADA’S
           MOST RELIABLE INTERNET                   6   DEPLOYED 5G ADVANCED
                                                        NETWORK TECHNOLOGY




9   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
BEST SPORTS AND
ENTERTAINMENT
1   BECAME THE MAJORITY
    OWNER OF MAPLE LEAF
    SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT
                                 4   EXPANDED ROGERS XFINITY
                                     SUITE OF SERVICES




2   RENEWED NHL NATIONAL MEDIA
    RIGHTS FOR 12 YEARS          5   LAUNCHED HGTV, FOOD
                                     NETWORK & DISCOVERY




3   SPORTSNET REMAINED
    CANADA’S #1 SPORTS
    MEDIA BRAND
                                 6   TORONTO BLUE JAYS
                                     WON AMERICAN LEAGUE
                                     CHAMPIONSHIP

                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   10
                 EXECUTIVE
                 LEADERSHIP
                  AS AT MARCH 6, 2026




             1. Tony Staffieri                       8. Anne Martin-Vachon
                  President & CEO                       President, Wireless


             2. Navdeep Bains                         9. Thomas Turner
                  Chief Corporate                       President, Business
                  Affairs Officer

                                                     10. Terrie Tweddle
             3. Glenn Brandt                            Chief Brand and
                  Chief Financial Officer               Communications Officer


             4. Marisa Fabiano                       11. Colette Watson
                  Chief Human                           President, Rogers
                  Resources Officer                     Sports & Media


             5. Iain Kennedy                         12. Mahes Wickramasinghe
                  Chief Information and Cyber           President, Group Operations
                  Security Officer

                                                     13. Marisa Wyse
             6. Mark Kennedy                            Chief Legal Officer and
                  Chief Technology Officer              Corporate Secretary


             7. Bret Leech
                  President, Residential




11   ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                    BOARD OF
                                    DIRECTORS             AS AT MARCH 6, 2026




1. Michael Cooper                    7. Dr. Mohamed Lachemi

2. Trevor English                    8. David Robinson

3. Ivan Fecan                        9. Edward Rogers
   Chair of the Human                   Executive Chair
   Resources Committee                  Chair of the Finance, Nominating,
                                        and Executive Committees

4. Robert Gemmell
   Lead Director                    10. Lisa Rogers
   Chair of the Audit and
   Risk Committee
   Chair of the Corporate           11. Bradley Shaw
   Governance Committee
                                    12. Chief Wayne Sparrow
5. Jan Innes
   Chair of the Pension Committee
                                    13. Tony Staffieri
   Chair of the SSI Committee
                                        President & CEO


6. Diane Kazarian                   14. John Tory




                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   12
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         2025 Financial Report
         14   MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                     55   Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources
                                                                            55 Sources and Uses of Cash
         16   Executive Summary                                             59 Financial Condition
              16 About Rogers                                               62 Financial Risk Management
              16 2025 Highlights                                            66 Dividends and Share Information
              18 Financial Highlights                                       67 Commitments and Contractual Obligations
                                                                            67 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
         19   MLSE Transaction
                                                                       68   Governance at Rogers
         19   Structured Equity Transaction                                 69 Income Tax and Other Government Payments

         20   Understanding Our Business                               70   Risk Management
              20 Powerful Brands                                            70 Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business
              20 Products and Services                                      77 Controls and Procedures
              22 Competition
              23 Industry Trends                                       78   Regulation in our Industry
                                                                            80 Wireless
         26   Corporate Overview                                            81 Cable
              26 Our Strategy for Value Creation                            82 Media
              28 Stakeholder Engagement
              30 Governance and Risk Framework                         84   Other Information
              30 Financial and Operating Guidance                           84 Accounting Policies
                                                                            88 Key Performance Indicators
         32   Delivering on our Priorities                                  90 Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures
              32 Build the biggest and best networks in the country         93 Summary of Financial Results of Long-Term Debt
              34 Deliver easy to use, reliable products and services            Guarantor
              36 Be the first choice for Canadians                          94 Five-Year Summary of Consolidated Financial Results
              37 Be a strong, national company investing in Canada
              39 Be the growth leader in our industry                  95   2025 AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                                                            STATEMENTS
         43   2025 Financial Results
              43 Summary of Consolidated Results
              44 Wireless
              45 Cable
              46 Media
              47 Capital Expenditures
              48 Review of Consolidated Performance
              51 Quarterly Results
              54 Overview of Financial Position




13   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) contains                Xfinity marks and logos are trademarks of Comcast Corporation,
important information about our business and our performance for         used under license. ©2026 Comcast. Rogers trademarks in this
the year ended December 31, 2025. This MD&A should be read in            MD&A are owned or used under licence by Rogers
conjunction with our 2025 Audited Consolidated Financial                 Communications Inc. or an affiliate. This MD&A may also include
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with                  trademarks of other third parties. The trademarks referred to in this
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the      MD&A may be listed without the ™ symbols. ©2026 Rogers
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                         Communications
All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
All percentage changes are calculated using the rounded numbers          ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
as they appear in the tables. This MD&A is current as at March 6,
                                                                         This MD&A includes “forward-looking information” and “forward-
2026 and was approved by RCI’s Board of Directors (the Board).
                                                                         looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities
This MD&A includes forward-looking statements and assumptions.
                                                                         laws (collectively, “forward-looking information”), and assumptions
See “About Forward-Looking Information” for more information.
                                                                         about, among other things, our business, operations, and financial
We, us, our, Rogers, Rogers Communications, and the Company              performance and condition approved by our management on the
refer to Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries. RCI refers     date of this MD&A. This forward-looking information and these
to the legal entity Rogers Communications Inc., not including its        assumptions include, but are not limited to, statements about our
subsidiaries. Rogers also holds interests in various investments and     objectives and strategies to achieve those objectives, and about
ventures.                                                                our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates, or
                                                                         intentions.
In this MD&A, first quarter refers to the three months ended
March 31, 2025, second quarter refers to the three months ended          Forward-looking information:
June 30, 2025, third quarter refers to the three months ended            • typically includes words like could, expect, may, anticipate,
September 30, 2025, fourth quarter refers to the three months              assume, believe, intend, estimate, plan, project, guidance,
ended December 31, 2025, this year refers to the twelve months             outlook, target, and similar expressions;
ended December 31, 2025, and last year refers to the twelve              • includes conclusions, forecasts, and projections that are based
months ended December 31, 2024. All results commentary is                  on our current objectives and strategies and on estimates,
compared to the equivalent periods in 2024 or as at December 31,           expectations, assumptions, and other factors that we believe to
2024, as applicable, unless otherwise indicated.                           have been reasonable at the time they were applied but may
                                                                           prove to be incorrect; and
References in this MD&A to the Shaw Transaction are to our
                                                                         • was approved by our management on the date of this MD&A.
acquisition of Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) on April 3, 2023.
For additional details regarding the Shaw Transaction, see “Shaw         Our forward-looking information includes forecasts and projections
Transaction” in our 2023 Annual MD&A and Note 3 to our 2023              related to the following items, among others:
Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. References to          • revenue;
the MLSE Transaction are to our acquisition of Bell’s indirect 37.5%     • total service revenue;
interest in Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) on July 1,     • adjusted EBITDA;
2025 (see “MLSE Transaction”). References to the “network                • capital expenditures;
transaction” are to our sale of a non-controlling interest in Backhaul   • cash income tax payments;
Network Services Inc. (BNSI), a Canadian subsidiary of Rogers that       • free cash flow;
owns a minor part of our wireless network (see “Subsidiary Equity        • dividend payments;
Investment”).                                                            • the growth of new products and services;
                                                                         • expected growth in subscribers and the services to which they
To guide our sustainability and social impact reporting, we consider
                                                                            subscribe;
the standards and frameworks of the Global Reporting Initiative
                                                                         • the cost of acquiring and retaining subscribers and deployment
(GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards,
                                                                            of new services;
the World Economic Forum (WEF), and the Greenhouse Gas
                                                                         • continued cost reductions and efficiency improvements;
(GHG) Protocol. Our 2025 sustainability and social impact
                                                                         • our debt leverage ratio and how we intend to manage that ratio;
reporting has been prepared taking guidance from the
                                                                         • the value of our sports and other media assets;
International Sustainability Standards Board’s (ISSB) IFRS S1,
                                                                         • our intent to acquire the MLSE non-controlling interest, including
General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related
                                                                            the timing of any such acquisition;
Financial Information and IFRS S2, Climate-related Disclosures. Our
                                                                         • unlocking additional value from our sports and other media
2025 reporting has been prepared based on internal criteria with
                                                                            assets, including any monetization that may be implemented for
reference to GRI Standards and SASB Standards. None of the
                                                                            that purpose and the related timing; and
sustainability and social impact metrics presented in this MD&A
                                                                         • all other statements that are not historical facts.
include any impacts arising from MLSE and its operations. Our
2025 Climate Action Report includes further detail in respect of our
climate disclosures.




                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   14
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Specific forward-looking information included in this MD&A                  due to alternative opportunities or requirements, general
         includes, but is not limited to, information and statements under           economic and market conditions, or other internal or external
         “Financial and Operating Guidance” relating to our 2026                     considerations;
         consolidated guidance on total service revenue, adjusted EBITDA,          • we may not be successful in unlocking additional value from our
         capital expenditures, and free cash flow. All other statements that         sports and other media assets;
         are not historical facts are forward-looking information.                 • anticipated asset sales may not be achieved within the expected
                                                                                     timeframes or at all for proceeds in the amount or type
         We base our conclusions, forecasts, and projections (including the          expected;
         aforementioned guidance) on a number of estimates,                        • new interpretations or accounting standards, or changes to
         expectations, assumptions, and other factors, including, among              existing interpretations and accounting standards, from
         others:                                                                     accounting standards bodies;
         • general economic and industry conditions, including the effects         • changes to the methodology, criteria, or conclusions used by
           of inflation;                                                             rating agencies in assessing or assigning equity treatment or
         • currency exchange rates and interest rates;                               equity credit on our subordinated notes or for the network
         • product pricing levels and competitive intensity;                         transaction; and
         • subscriber growth;                                                      • the other risks outlined in “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our
         • pricing, usage, and churn rates;                                          Business”.
         • changes in government regulation;
         • technology and network deployment;                                      These risks, uncertainties, and other factors can also affect our
         • availability of devices;                                                objectives, strategies, plans, and intentions. Should one or more of
         • timing of new product launches;                                         these risks, uncertainties, or other factors materialize, our objectives,
         • content and equipment costs;                                            strategies, plans, or intentions change, or any other factors or
         • the integration of acquisitions;                                        assumptions underlying the forward-looking information prove
         • industry structure and stability; and                                   incorrect, our actual results and our plans could vary materially from
         • the assumptions listed under “Key underlying assumptions” in            what we currently foresee.
           “Financial and Operating Guidance” below.                               Accordingly, we warn investors to exercise caution when
         Except as otherwise indicated, this MD&A and our forward-looking          considering statements containing forward-looking information
         information do not reflect the potential impact of any non-recurring      and caution them that it would be unreasonable to rely on such
         or other special items or of any dispositions, monetization events,       statements as creating legal rights regarding our future results or
         mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations, or other              plans. We are under no obligation (and we expressly disclaim any
         transactions that may be considered or announced or may occur             such obligation) to update or alter any statements containing
         after the date on which the statement containing the forward-             forward-looking information or the factors or assumptions
         looking information is made.                                              underlying them, whether as a result of new information, future
                                                                                   events, or otherwise, except as required by law. All of the forward-
                                                                                   looking information in this MD&A is qualified by the cautionary
         RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES                                                   statements herein.
         Actual events and results may differ materially from what is
         expressed or implied by forward-looking information as a result of
         risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are beyond         BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION
         our control or our current expectations or knowledge, including,          Before making any investment decisions and for a detailed
         but not limited to:                                                       discussion of the risks, uncertainties, and environment associated
         • regulatory changes;                                                     with our business, its operations, and its financial performance and
         • technological changes;                                                  condition, fully review the sections in this MD&A entitled
         • economic, geopolitical, and other conditions affecting                  “Regulation in our Industry”, “Risk Management”, and
            commercial activity, including the potential application of tariffs,   “Sustainability and Social Impact”, as well as our various other filings
            trade wars, recessions, or reduced immigration levels;                 with Canadian and US securities regulators, which can be found at
         • unanticipated changes in content or equipment costs;                    sedarplus.ca and sec.gov, respectively.
         • changing conditions in the entertainment, information, and
            communications industries;                                             FOR MORE INFORMATION
         • performance of our sports teams, including uncertainty as to            You can find more information about us, including our Annual
            their participation or success in their respective postseasons;        Information Form, on our website (about.rogers.com/
         • sports-related work stoppages or cancellations and labour               investor-relations), on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca), and on EDGAR
            disputes;                                                              (sec.gov), or you can e-mail us at investor.relations@rci.rogers.com.
         • the integration of acquisitions;                                        Information on or connected to these websites and any other
         • litigation and tax matters;                                             websites and any reports, including our 2025 Annual Report, 2025
         • the level of competitive intensity;                                     Data Supplement, and 2025 Climate Action Report, referenced in
         • the emergence of new opportunities;                                     this document does not constitute part of this MD&A except to the
         • external threats, such as epidemics, pandemics, and other public        extent that information is expressly included (or incorporated)
            health crises, natural disasters, the effects of climate change, or    herein.
            cyberattacks, among others;                                            You can also find information about our governance practices,
         • we may not proceed with, or complete, any acquisition of the
                                                                                   corporate social responsibility reporting, a glossary of communications
            MLSE non-controlling interest or other transaction for the
                                                                                   and media industry terms, and additional information about our
            purpose of unlocking additional value from our sports and other
            media assets, in each case within the anticipated timing or at all,    business at about.rogers.com/investor-relations.




15   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Executive Summary
ABOUT ROGERS
Rogers is Canada’s communications, sports and entertainment                             Almost all of our operations and sales are in Canada. We have a
company. Our shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock                            highly skilled and diversified workforce of approximately 25,000
Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock                               employees. Our head office is in Toronto, Ontario and we have
Exchange (NYSE: RCI).                                                                   numerous offices across Canada. We are a strong national
                                                                                        company investing in Canada and are committed to embedding
                                                                                        sustainable practices in how we do business. We report our results
                                                                                        of operations in three reportable segments. See “Understanding
                                                                                        Our Business” for more information.

2025 HIGHLIGHTS
KEY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                          Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars, except margins and per share amounts)                                                                            2025           2024      % Chg
Consolidated
Total revenue                                                                                                                           21,712          20,604           5
Total service revenue 1                                                                                                                 19,104          18,066           6
Adjusted EBITDA 2                                                                                                                        9,820           9,617           2
Adjusted EBITDA margin 2                                                                                                                 45.2%           46.7%    (1.5 pts)

Net income                                                                                                                               6,906           1,734        n/m
     Net income attributable to RCI shareholders                                                                                         6,894           1,734        n/m
Adjusted net income 2                                                                                                                    2,720           2,719           –
     Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders 2                                                                              2,721           2,719           –

Basic earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders                                                                             $ 12.77       $     3.25        n/m
Adjusted basic earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders 2                                                                  $ 5.04        $     5.09          (1)

Capital expenditures 3                                                                                                                   3,707           4,041          (8)
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                    6,059           5,680           7
Free cash flow 2                                                                                                                         3,356           3,045          10

Wireless
Service revenue                                                                                                                          8,142           8,108           –
Revenue                                                                                                                                 10,715          10,595           1
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                          5,364           5,312           1
Adjusted EBITDA margin 4                                                                                                                 65.9%           65.5%     0.4 pts

Cable
Revenue                                                                                                                                  7,868          7,876            –
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                          4,585          4,518            1
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                   58.3%          57.4%      0.9 pts

Media
Revenue                                                                                                                                  3,288           2,242         47
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                            241              88        174
Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                    7.3%            3.9%     3.4 pts
n/m – not meaningful
1 As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.

2 Adjusted EBITDA is a total of segments measure. Adjusted EBITDA margin is a supplementary financial measure. Adjusted basic earnings per share attributable to RCI

  shareholders is a non-GAAP ratio. Adjusted net income and adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders (a component of adjusted basic earnings per share) are
  non-GAAP financial measures. Free cash flow is a capital management measure. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to
  similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information about these measures.
3 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences,

  additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business combinations.
4 Calculated using Wireless service revenue.




                                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.               |   16
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                                                                                                                                          As at or years ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                 2025           2024            Chg

         Subscriber results (in thousands) 1
         Wireless postpaid mobile phone net additions 2                                                                                           145            380            (235)
         Wireless prepaid mobile phone net additions 2                                                                                            100            132             (32)
         Wireless mobile phone subscribers 2                                                                                                   12,195         11,874             321

         Retail Internet net additions                                                                                                            100             111            (11)
         Retail Internet subscribers 2                                                                                                          4,497           4,273            224

         Video net losses                                                                                                                        (114)           (134)            20
         Video subscribers 2                                                                                                                    2,503           2,617           (114)

         Home Monitoring net additions                                                                                                              20             44            (24)
         Home Monitoring subscribers                                                                                                               153            133             20

         Home Phone net losses                                                                                                                   (118)           (122)             4
         Home Phone subscribers 2                                                                                                               1,389           1,507           (118)

         Customer relationships net additions                                                                                                      51              47              4
         Total customer relationships 2                                                                                                         4,856           4,683            173

         Additional Wireless metrics 1
         Postpaid mobile phone churn (monthly)                                                                                                 1.11%          1.21%        (0.10 pts)
         Mobile phone ARPU (monthly) 1,3                                                                                                     $ 56.42        $ 57.98           ($1.56)

         Additional Cable metrics 1
         ARPA (monthly) 1,3                                                                                                                  $136.30        $140.12          ($3.82)
         Penetration                                                                                                                           46.2%          45.9%          0.3 pts

         Ratios
         Capital intensity 1,3                                                                                                                  17.1%          19.6%        (2.5 pts)
         Dividend payout ratio of net income 1,3                                                                                                15.7%          61.8%       (46.1 pts)
         Dividend payout ratio of free cash flow 1,3                                                                                            32.2%          35.2%        (3.0 pts)
         Return on assets 1,3                                                                                                                    7.7%           2.4%         5.3 pts
         Debt leverage ratio 3                                                                                                                     4.0            4.5           (0.5)
         Pro forma debt leverage ratio 3                                                                                                           3.9            n/a            n/a

         Employee-related information
         Total active employees                                                                                                                25,000         24,000          1,000
         1 As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
         2 During 2024 and 2025, we adjusted our Wireless and Cable subscriber bases for various events. See “Wireless Subscriber Results” and “Cable Subscriber Results” for more
           information.
         3 Mobile phone ARPU, ARPA, capital intensity, dividend payout ratio of net income, dividend payout ratio of free cash flow, and return on assets are supplementary financial

           measures. Debt leverage ratio is a capital management measure. Pro forma debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP
           financial measure and is a component of pro forma debt leverage ratio. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar
           financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” and “Financial Condition” for an explanation as to the composition of these
           measures.




17   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                     CASH FLOW, AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY, AND RETURNS TO




                                                                                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                         SHAREHOLDERS
REVENUE                                                                  We returned substantial cash to shareholders this year through the
Total revenue and total service revenue increased by 5% and 6%           payment of $913 million in dividends. We also issued $165 million
respectively this year as a result of revenue growth in Media.           of Class B Non-Voting Shares through our dividend reinvestment
                                                                         plan (DRIP). In addition, we declared a $0.50 per share dividend on
Wireless service revenue was in line with the prior year. Wireless       January 28, 2026.
equipment revenue increased by 3% primarily as a result of higher
device upgrades by existing customers, a continued shift in the          Our cash provided by operating activities increased by 7% this year,
product mix towards higher-value devices, and disciplined pricing        primarily as a result of lower net investment in net operating assets
in highly competitive selling periods, partially offset by a decrease    and liabilities and higher adjusted EBITDA. Free cash flow increased
in new subscribers purchasing devices due to lower gross                 10% this year as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA and lower
additions.                                                               capital expenditures, partially offset by higher cash income taxes
                                                                         and distributions to non-controlling interests.
Cable service revenue was in line with the prior year.
                                                                         As a result of the MLSE Transaction closing this year, our pro forma
Media revenue increased by 47% this year primarily as a result of        debt leverage ratio1 was 3.9 as at December 31, 2025. This has
revenue from MLSE following the July 1 closing of the MLSE               been calculated on an adjusted basis to include trailing 12-month
Transaction (as defined below), higher sports-related revenue due        adjusted EBITDA of a combined Rogers and MLSE as if the MLSE
to the success of the 2024-2025 NHL season and higher Toronto            Transaction had closed at the beginning of the trailing 12-month
Blue Jays revenue (including as a result of their postseason success),   period. If calculated on an as reported basis without the foregoing
and higher advertising and subscriber revenue related to the             adjustment, our debt leverage ratio1 as at December 31, 2025 was
launch at the beginning of 2025 of the Warner Bros. Discovery suite      4.0 (December 31, 2024 – 4.5). See “Financial Condition” for more
of channels.                                                             information.
ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                          Our overall weighted average cost of borrowings was 4.78% as at
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 2% this year and our              December 31, 2025 (2024 – 4.61%) and our overall weighted
adjusted EBITDA margin decreased by 150 basis points, primarily          average term to maturity on our debt was 8.6 years as at
as a result of adjusted EBITDA growth in each of Media, Wireless,        December 31, 2025 (2024 – 9.8 years). These figures reflect the
and Cable.                                                               expected repayment of our subordinated notes on their respective
Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased 1% this year, primarily as a          at-par redemption dates.
result of higher equipment margins. This gave rise to an adjusted        We ended the year with approximately $5.9 billion of available
EBITDA margin of 65.9%, up 40 basis points.                              liquidity1  (2024 – $4.8      billion), including   $1.3    billion
Cable adjusted EBITDA increased 1% this year due to ongoing cost         (2024 – $0.9 billion) in cash and cash equivalents and $4.5 billion
efficiencies. This gave rise to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.3%,      (2024 – $3.9 billion) available under our bank and other credit
up 90 basis points.                                                      facilities.

Media adjusted EBITDA increased by 174% this year primarily due
to the aforementioned revenue impacts and associated costs.


NET INCOME AND ADJUSTED NET INCOME                                       1   Available liquidity and debt leverage ratio are capital management measures. Pro
Net income increased by $5,172 million this year, primarily as a             forma debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP ratio. Pro forma trailing 12-month
result of a $5 billion non-cash gain to recognize our existing               adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is a component of pro
interest in MLSE at fair value, which was required as a result of the        forma debt leverage ratio. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for
                                                                             more information about these measures. These are not standardized financial
MLSE Transaction. Adjusted net income was in line with the prior             measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures
year. See “Review of Consolidated Performance” for more                      disclosed by other companies. See “Financial Condition” for a reconciliation of
information.                                                                 available liquidity.




                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.             |   18
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         MLSE Transaction
         Effective July 1, 2025, after receiving all required regulatory and      businesses. The MLSE Transaction added significantly to our other
         league approvals, we acquired a holding company that indirectly          sports assets, including the Toronto Blue Jays, Rogers Centre, and
         held Bell’s effective 37.5% ownership stake in Maple Leaf Sports &       Sportsnet. As a result of acquiring a majority interest in MLSE, we
         Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) for a purchase price of $4.7 billion in        commenced consolidating 100% of MLSE’s financial results in our
         cash (MLSE Transaction). The purchase price was primarily funded         Media reportable segment effective July 1, 2025.
         from bank credit facilities together with cash on hand (see
                                                                                  We are evaluating multiple options for transactions that could
         “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more
                                                                                  unlock additional value for our shareholders from our sports assets.
         information). With the closing of the MLSE Transaction, we are the
                                                                                  We expect any such transaction would be implemented in
         controlling shareholder of MLSE, with a 75% ownership interest.
                                                                                  connection with acquiring 100% ownership of MLSE. These options
         The holder (MLSE minority holder) of the 25% non-controlling
                                                                                  could include, among others, selling a minority interest in some or
         interest in MLSE (MLSE non-controlling interest) has a right to
                                                                                  all of our sports and other media assets to one or more third-party
         require we purchase its interest beginning in July 2026 at an
                                                                                  investors or consolidating these assets in a separate company we
         agreement-defined fair value (MLSE put liability); we have a
                                                                                  take public. Neither of these transaction options, nor any
         reciprocal right to acquire the MLSE non-controlling interest under
                                                                                  combination or other potential options, is currently being
         the same terms, which we expect to exercise.
                                                                                  prioritized. We anticipate our final choice of transaction could occur
         We remain committed to unlocking what we view as the significant         within the next 12 months (see “About Forward-Looking
         unrecognized value in our world-class sports assets. Purchasing the      Information” for more information).
         MLSE non-controlling interest would be a key step in consolidating
                                                                                  We have agreed to provide Bell the opportunity to renew its
         value in these assets. MLSE owns the Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL),
                                                                                  existing MLSE broadcast and sponsorship rights, including access
         Toronto Raptors (NBA), Toronto FC (MLS), the Toronto Argonauts
                                                                                  to content rights for 50% of Toronto Maple Leafs regional games
         (CFL), various minor league teams, and associated real estate
                                                                                  and 50% of Toronto Raptors games for which MLSE controls the
         holdings, such as Scotiabank Arena. MLSE also holds interests in
                                                                                  rights, long-term at fair market value.
         certain entities that are complementary to its sports and events


         Subsidiary Equity Investment
         On April 4, 2025, we announced we had entered into a definitive          3.25x, at any time between the eighth and twelfth anniversaries of
         agreement with funds managed by Blackstone, backed by leading            closing, we will have the right to purchase Blackstone’s interest in
         Canadian institutional investors, for a US$4.85 billion ($6.7 billion)   BNSI for a cash purchase price based on the lesser of a multiple of
         equity investment (the “network transaction”). On June 20, 2025,         BNSI’s EBITDA (calculated in accordance with the BNSI shareholder
         the network transaction closed and we received US$4.85 billion           agreement) and an amount necessary to provide Blackstone with
         ($6.7 billion) from Blackstone.                                          an 8% annual rate of return, subject to a pre-agreed floor and after
                                                                                  considering distributions previously made to Blackstone. Blackstone
         Under the terms of the network transaction, Blackstone acquired a
                                                                                  does not have a right to require Rogers to repurchase or redeem its
         non-controlling interest in Backhaul Network Services Inc. (BNSI), a
                                                                                  shares. The Blackstone investment is recognized as equity in our
         new Canadian subsidiary of Rogers that owns a minor part of our
                                                                                  consolidated financial statements.
         wireless network. We maintain full operational control of our
         network and we include the financial results of BNSI in our              During the first five years of Blackstone’s investment, BNSI will have
         consolidated financial statements. We used the net proceeds from         a distribution policy to make quarterly pro rata cash distributions to
         the network transaction to repay debt, including the remaining           Blackstone and RCCI of available cash in an amount that is
         $700 million outstanding under our term loan facility, $1.8 billion      intended to provide Blackstone with a 7% annual return on its
         outstanding under our revolving credit facility, $1.1 billion and        US dollar investment. Including the impact of the subsidiary equity
         US$1.4 billion to pay the purchase price for our senior notes that       derivatives (see “Financial Risk Management” for more information),
         we accepted for purchase pursuant to offers to purchase that             the effective cost to Rogers is approximately 6.26% over the first five
         expired on July 18, 2025 (see “Managing our Liquidity and                years. Except in certain circumstances, Rogers will be entitled to any
         Financial Resources” for more information), and US$700 million           excess cash above the target distribution threshold during this five-
         senior notes that matured in 2025.                                       year period, which may be loaned to RCI. After the first five years of
                                                                                  Blackstone’s investment, all distributions of available cash by BNSI
         BNSI is the exclusive provider to Rogers of backhaul services for
                                                                                  will be made on a pro rata basis to Blackstone and RCCI.
         cellular data transmission in Ontario and Alberta, subject to certain
         exceptions. RCI has entered into a long-term backhaul services           As a result of closing the network transaction, we made changes to
         agreement with BNSI (for an initial term of 25 years and subject to      certain non-GAAP measures and other specified financial measures
         renewal) under which it will pay fees to BNSI for cellular data          in the second quarter (see “Non-GAAP and Other Financial
         transmission, subject to an annual minimum payment and periodic          Measures – Changes to specified financial measures”, “Review of
         price adjustments.                                                       Consolidated Performance – Adjusted net income”, and
                                                                                  “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources – Free cash flow”
         Blackstone holds a 49.9% equity interest (with a 20% voting
                                                                                  for more information).
         interest) in BNSI and we hold a 50.1% equity interest (with an 80%
         voting interest). Provided our debt leverage ratio is not greater than



19   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Understanding Our Business
Rogers is Canada’s leading wireless, cable, and media company.          • 50 radio stations, including 98.1 CHFI, 680 News Radio, The
We report our results of operations in three reportable segments.         Roz & Mocha Show, and STAR 95.9;
Each segment and the nature of its business are as follows:             • major league sports teams, such as the Toronto Blue Jays, the
                                                                          Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, Toronto FC, and the
  Segment      Principal activities                                       Toronto Argonauts;
                                                                        • an exclusive national agreement with the National Hockey
  Wireless     Wireless telecommunications operations for
                                                                          League (NHL), which runs through the 2037-2038 season, as
               Canadian consumers, businesses, the public
                                                                          well as regional agreements, that allow us to deliver coverage of
               sector, and wholesale providers.
                                                                          professional hockey in Canada; and
  Cable        Cable telecommunications operations, including           • Today’s Shopping Choice, a premium online and TV shopping
               Internet, television and other video (Video),              retailer.
               Satellite, telephony (Home Phone), and home
               monitoring services for Canadian consumers and
               businesses, and network connectivity through our         PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
               fibre network to support a range of voice, data,
               networking, hosting, and cloud-based services for        WIRELESS
               the business, public sector, and carrier wholesale       We are the largest provider of wireless communication services in
               markets.                                                 Canada as at December 31, 2025. We are a Canadian leader in
                                                                        delivering a range of innovative wireless network technologies and
  Media        A diversified portfolio of media properties,
                                                                        services. We were the first Canadian carrier to launch a 5G network,
               including sports media and entertainment,
                                                                        serving over 2,800 communities as at December 31, 2025. Our
               television and radio broadcasting, specialty
                                                                        wireless services are offered under the Rogers (postpaid), Fido
               channels, digital media, and sports team
                                                                        (postpaid), and chatr (prepaid) brands, and provide consumers and
               ownership.
                                                                        businesses with the latest wireless devices, services, and
                                                                        applications including:
See “Delivering on our Priorities” for more information about our
                                                                        • mobile high-speed Internet access, including our Rogers 5G+
extensive wireless and cable networks and significant wireless
                                                                          mobile plans;
spectrum position.
                                                                        • wireless voice and enhanced voice features;
Wireless and Cable are operated by our wholly owned subsidiary,         • Rogers Satellite, a first-of-its-kind satellite-to-mobile service in
Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (RCCI), and certain other               Canada, to keep Canadians connected in areas where traditional
subsidiaries. Media is operated by our wholly owned subsidiary,           cell coverage is not available;
Rogers Media Inc., its subsidiaries, and, following completion of the   • In-store Pickup, a convenient service for purchasing devices
MLSE Transaction, MLSE. Effective July 2025, Today’s Shopping             online or through a customer care agent, with the ability to pick
Choice (TSC) was transferred from the Media reportable segment            up in-store as soon as the same day;
to Corporate Items, consistent with changes to its management           • direct device shipping to the customer’s location of choice;
structure. Comparative results have been recast to reflect this         • device financing;
change, with no impact on consolidated results.                         • device protection;
                                                                        • global voice and data roaming, including Roam Like Home and
                                                                          Fido Roam, and Roam Like Home Travel Passes, allowing
POWERFUL BRANDS                                                           customers to travel between destinations and enjoy
The Rogers brand has strong national recognition through our:             uninterrupted access to their domestic plan;
• established networks;                                                 • wireless home phone;
• extensive distribution;                                               • advanced wireless solutions for businesses, including wireless
• recognizable media content and programming;                             private network services;
• advertising;                                                          • bridging landline phones with wireless phones; and
• event and venue sponsorships;                                         • machine-to-machine and Internet of Things (IoT) solutions.
• community investment, including Ted Rogers Scholarships and
  Rogers Youth Grants; and                                              CABLE
• naming rights to some of Canada’s landmark buildings,                 We are the largest cable service provider in Canada. Our cable
  stadiums, and arenas.                                                 network provides an innovative and leading selection of high-
                                                                        speed broadband Internet access, Internet protocol-based (IP)
We also own or utilize some of Canada’s most recognized brands,         television, applications, online viewing, phone, home monitoring,
including:                                                              and advanced home WiFi services to consumers across Canada.
• the wireless brands of Rogers, Fido, and chatr;                       We also provide services to businesses across Canada that aim to
• the residential brand of Rogers Xfinity;                              meet the increasing needs of today’s critical business applications.
• over 40 TV stations and specialty channels, including Sportsnet,
   OMNI, Citytv, Bravo, Discovery, HGTV, and Food Network, and          Our newest WiFi modem with WiFi 7, a technology that eases
   more than 60 community television channels;                          network congestion by simplifying network design and delivering




                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   20
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         increased performance with higher throughput and wider                 Phone services include:
         spectrum channels, allows us to offer new fibre-powered Rogers         • residential and small business local telephony service; and
         Xfinity Internet packages and bundles with up to 8 gigabit per         • calling features such as voicemail, call waiting, and long distance.
         second (Gbps) symmetrical speeds in select areas.
                                                                                Satellite services include:
         Internet services include:                                             • video and audio programming by satellite; our customers have
         • Internet access through broadband and fixed wireless access            access to over 350 high-definition video channels and thousands
            (including basic and unlimited usage packages), security              of on-demand, pay-per-view (PPV), and subscription movie and
            solutions, and e-mail;                                                television titles; and
         • access speeds of up to:                                              • flexibility with each of our current primary TV packages, which
            • 500 Mbps on Rogers 5G Home Internet;                                includes a base set of channels and tiered customization options
            • 1 Gbps, covering our entire Cable footprint; and                    depending on the size of the TV package.
            • 2 Gbps and higher, covering the vast majority of our Cable
                                                                                Enterprise services include:
               footprint, with some areas able to receive access speeds of up
                                                                                • voice, data networking, IP, and Ethernet services over multi-
               to 8 Gbps symmetrical speeds;
                                                                                  service customer access devices that allow customers to scale
         • Rogers Xfinity unlimited packages, combining fast and reliable
                                                                                  and add services, such as private networking, Internet, IP voice,
            speeds with the freedom of unlimited usage, cyberthreat
                                                                                  and cloud solutions, which blend seamlessly to grow with their
            protection, and options for self-installation;
                                                                                  business requirements;
         • the Rogers Xfinity app, offering a personalized WiFi experience
                                                                                • optical wave, Internet, Ethernet, and multi-protocol label
            with a simple digital dashboard for customers to manage their
                                                                                  switching services, providing scalable and secure metro and
            home WiFi network, providing visibility and control over family
                                                                                  wide area private networking that enables and interconnects
            usage;
                                                                                  critical business applications for businesses that have one or
         • enhanced whole-home WiFi coverage and premium support
                                                                                  many offices, data centres, or points of presence (as well as
            with Rogers Xfinity Pro;
                                                                                  cloud applications) across Canada;
         • the ability to stay connected during power outages or network
                                                                                • simplified information technology (IT) and network technology
            interruptions with Rogers Xfinity Storm Ready WiFi; and
                                                                                  offerings with security-embedded, cloud-based, professionally
         • Rogers Xfinity Self Protection, offering services such as 24/7
                                                                                  managed solutions;
            video monitoring, seven-day cloud storage, security, automation,
                                                                                • extensive cable access network services for primary, bridging,
            energy efficiency, smart control through a smartphone app, and
                                                                                  and back-up (including through our wireless network, if
            the option to connect to local emergency services.
                                                                                  applicable) connectivity; and
         Television services include:                                           • specialized telecommunications technical consulting for Internet
         • local and network TV, made available through traditional digital       service providers (ISPs).
           or IP-based entertainment services with Rogers Xfinity TV,
           including content packages, à la carte channels, and the             MEDIA
           StreamSaver bundle (bundling Netflix, Disney+ and AppleTV);          Our portfolio of Media assets, with a focus on sports and regional
         • on-demand television with Rogers Xfinity TV services;                TV and radio programming, reaches Canadians from coast to
         • cloud-based digital video recorders (DVRs) available with Rogers     coast.
           Xfinity TV services;
         • voice-activated remote controls, restart features, and integrated    In Sports Media and Entertainment, we own the Toronto Blue Jays,
           apps such as YouTube, Netflix, Sportsnet NOW, Amazon Prime           Canada’s only Major League Baseball (MLB) team, and the Rogers
           Video, Disney+, and Apple TV+ on Rogers Xfinity TV and Rogers        Centre event venue, which hosts the Toronto Blue Jays’ home
           Xfinity Streaming;                                                   games, concerts, trade shows, and special events. We also have a
         • Rogers Xfinity App TV, combining over 40 linear channels with        controlling 75% ownership interest in MLSE (see “MLSE
           Netflix in a single package;                                         Transaction”), which owns the Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL), Toronto
         • Rogers Xfinity Streaming, an entertainment add-on for Rogers         Raptors (NBA), Toronto FC (MLS), the Toronto Argonauts (CFL),
           Xfinity Internet customers, giving them access to their favourite    various minor league teams, and associated real estate holdings,
           streaming services such as Netflix, Disney+, AppleTV,                such as Scotiabank Arena.
           Paramount+, Amazon Prime Video, Sportsnet+, and more, all in         Our agreement with the NHL (NHL Agreement), which was
           one place;                                                           extended this year to run through the 2037-2038 season, allows us
         • Download and Go, the ability to download recorded programs           to deliver more than 1,300 regular season games during a typical
           onto your smartphone or tablet to watch at a later time using the    season across television, smartphones, tablets, personal
           Rogers Xfinity TV app;                                               computers, and other streaming devices. It also grants Rogers
         • linear and time-shifted programming;                                 national rights on those platforms to the Stanley Cup Playoffs and
         • digital specialty channels;                                          Stanley Cup Final, all NHL-related special events and non-game
         • cloud gaming for Rogers Xfinity Streaming and App TV                 events (such as the NHL All-Star Game, the NHL 4 Nations
           customers with Amazon Luna; and                                      Face-Off, and the NHL Draft), and rights to sublicense broadcasting
         • access to extra game content using SportsApp and 4K television       rights.
           programming, including regular season Toronto Blue Jays home
           games and select marquee NHL and National Basketball
           Association (NBA) games.




21   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
In Television, we operate several conventional and specialty             capital intensive and requires meaningful, continual investments to
television networks, including:                                          implement next-generation technology in line with customer
• Sportsnet’s four regional stations along with Sportsnet ONE,           demand and to support existing infrastructure. Given the highly
   Sportsnet 360, and Sportsnet World;                                   regulated nature of the industry, the already competitive dynamic
• the Citytv network, which, together with affiliated stations, has      could be further influenced by regulatory change (see “Regulation
   broadcast distribution to approximately 72% of Canadian               in our Industry” for more information).
   individuals;
                                                                         Telephony and television services are increasingly offered over the
• OMNI multicultural broadcast television stations, including
                                                                         Internet and consumers communicate, watch video, and otherwise
   OMNI Regional, which provide multilingual newscasts nationally
                                                                         interact with the broader world online, including with a growing
   to all digital basic television subscribers; and
                                                                         selection of over-the-top (OTT) services. Services provided over low
• specialty channels that include Bravo, Discovery, Food Network,
                                                                         Earth orbit satellites (such as satellite broadband or
   FX (Canada), FXX (Canada), and HGTV.
                                                                         satellite-to-mobile services) are growing in popularity and
In Radio, we operate 50 AM and FM radio stations in markets              functionality, especially in areas where traditional networks do not
across Canada, including popular radio brands such as 98.1 CHFI,         reach.
680 News Radio (formerly CityNews 680), Sportsnet 590 The FAN,
                                                                         In the media industry, consumer viewing habits have shifted
KiSS, JACK, and SONiC.
                                                                         towards digital and online media consumption and advertisers are
We also offer a range of digital services and products, including:       increasingly directing their advertising dollars to those channels. In
• our digital sports-related assets, including sportsnet.ca and          addition, we now compete with a range of digital and online media
  Sportsnet+;                                                            companies, including large global companies.
• other digital assets, including Citytv+;
• a range of other websites, apps, podcasts, and digital products        WIRELESS
  associated with our various brands and businesses; and                 We compete on customer experience, price, quality of service,
• out-of-home advertising assets and partnerships allowing us to         scope of services, network coverage, sophistication of wireless
  reach school campuses, bars and restaurants, elevators, salons,        technology, breadth of distribution, selection of devices, branding,
  and spas, among others.                                                and positioning.
                                                                         • Wireless technology – Our 5G/5G+ network caters to customers
OTHER                                                                      seeking the increased capacity and speed it provides relative to
We offer the Rogers Red Mastercard, the Rogers Red World Elite             long-term evolution (LTE) networks. We compete with BCE Inc.
Mastercard, and the Rogers Red World Legend Mastercard, each of            (Bell), TELUS Corporation (Telus), and Videotron at a national
which allows customers to earn cash back rewards points on credit          level, and with Saskatchewan Telecommunications Holding
card spending and finance new wireless devices over up to 48               Corporation (SaskTel) and Eastlink Inc. (Eastlink) at a regional
months at 0% interest.                                                     level, all of whom operate 5G networks. We also compete with
                                                                           these providers on high-speed packet access (HSPA) and global
We also operate Today’s Shopping Choice, Canada’s only
                                                                           system for mobile communications (GSM) networks and with
nationally televised shopping channel, which generates a
                                                                           providers that use alternative wireless technologies, such as WiFi
significant portion of its revenue from online sales.
                                                                           “hotspots” and mobile virtual network operators (MVNO).
                                                                         • Product, branding, and pricing – we compete nationally with Bell,
OTHER INVESTMENTS                                                          Telus, and Videotron, including their flanker brands Virgin Plus
We hold interests in a number of associates and joint                      (Bell), Lucky Mobile (Bell), Koodo (Telus), Public Mobile (Telus),
arrangements, some of which include:                                       and Fizz (Videotron). We also compete with various regional
• our 50% ownership interest in Glentel Inc. (Glentel), a large            players and resellers.
   provider of multicarrier wireless and wireline products and           • Distribution of services and devices – we have one of the largest
   services with several hundred Canadian retail distribution outlets;     distribution networks in the country, and compete with other
• a 46% ownership interest in Live Nation Ontario Concerts L.P., a         service providers for dealers, prime locations for our own stores,
   corporation that presents, produces, and promotes music,                and third-party retail distribution shelf space. We also compete
   comedy, family, and skating events in Ontario;                          with other service providers on the quality and ease of use of our
• a 37.5% ownership interest in York Bremner Developments                  self-serve options and other digital capabilities.
   Limited, a corporation that owns and operates Maple Leaf              • Wireless networks – consolidation amongst regional players, or
   Square, a mixed-use real estate development in Toronto,                 with incumbent carriers, could alter the regional or national
   Ontario; and                                                            competitive landscapes for Wireless. Additionally, certain service
• a 33.75% ownership interest in York Bremner Hotel Leaseholds             providers that currently do not offer wireless products or services
   Limited, a corporation that owns and operates a boutique hotel          have purchased spectrum licences and could enter the market in
   located at Maple Leaf Square.                                           the future.
                                                                         • Spectrum – we currently have the largest spectrum position in
COMPETITION                                                                the country, which is essential to the deployment of 5G/5G+
                                                                           networks. The outcome of any spectrum auction may increase
The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, served by           competition. See “Regulation in our Industry” for more
many national, regional, and reseller players giving consumers a           information.
broad choice in service providers and plan offerings. The industry is




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   22
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         CABLE                                                                      MEDIA
         Internet                                                                   Competition in Sports Media and Entertainment includes other:
         We compete with other ISPs that offer fixed-connection residential         • televised and online sports broadcasters;
         high-speed Internet access services. Our high-speed Internet               • professional sports teams, for players and fans and for
         services compete directly with, among others:                                merchandise sales revenue;
         • Internet services provided by Bell and Telus across Canada;              • local sporting and special event venues; and
         • various resellers using wholesale telecommunication company              • new digital sports media companies.
            digital subscriber line (DSL) and cable third-party Internet access
                                                                                    Television and Radio, both of which focus on local and regional
            (TPIA) services in local markets;
                                                                                    content in addition to highly sought-after lifestyle and
         • smaller ISPs, such as Beanfield Metroconnect, Oxio, and Novus,
                                                                                    entertainment content, compete for audiences and advertisers
            in metropolitan areas; and
                                                                                    with:
         • providers offering low Earth orbit satellite Internet service, such as
                                                                                    • other Canadian television and radio stations, including those
            Starlink, primarily in underserved regions.
                                                                                      owned and operated by the CBC, Bell Media, and Corus
         A number of different players in the Canadian market also                    Entertainment;
         compete for enterprise network and communications services.                • OTT video offerings through providers like Netflix, YouTube,
         There are relatively few national providers, but each market has its         Apple, Amazon Prime Video, Crave, Google, Disney+, DAZN,
         own competitors that usually focus on the geographic areas in                Paramount+, and other channels streaming their own content,
         which they have the most extensive networks. In the enterprise               which continue to grow in popularity;
         market, we compete with facilities- and non-facilities-based               • OTT radio offerings, such as iHeartRadio, Apple Music, Amazon
         telecommunications service providers. In markets where we own                Music, Spotify, SiriusXM, and Radioplayer Canada;
         network infrastructure, we compete with incumbent fibre-based              • other media, including newspapers, magazines, and outdoor
         providers. Our main competitors are:                                         advertising; and
         • Western Canada – Bell, Telus, and Zayo;                                  • other technologies available on the Internet or through the
         • Ontario – Bell, Cogeco Data Services, Xplore, and Zayo;                    cloud, such as social media platforms, user-generated content
         • Quebec – Bell, Telus, and Videotron; and                                   platforms, online web information services, digital assistants,
         • Atlantic Canada – Bell, Xplore, and Eastlink.                              music downloading, and portable media players.

                                                                                    Our digital media products compete for audiences and advertisers
         Television
                                                                                    with:
         We compete with:
                                                                                    • online information and entertainment websites and apps,
         • other    Canadian      multi-channel     broadcast     distribution
                                                                                      including digital news services, streaming services, and content
           undertakings (BDUs), including Bell, Telus, and other satellite and
                                                                                      available via social networking services;
           IPTV providers;
                                                                                    • magazines, both digital and printed; and
         • OTT video offerings through providers like Netflix, YouTube,
                                                                                    • other traditional media, such as TV and radio.
           Apple, Amazon Prime Video, Crave, Google, Disney+, DAZN,
           Paramount+, and other channels streaming their own content,
           which continue to grow in popularity;                                    INDUSTRY TRENDS
         • over-the-air local and regional broadcast television signals
                                                                                    The telecommunications industry in Canada is capital intensive and
           received directly through antennas, the illegal distribution of
                                                                                    highly regulated. Our reportable segments are affected by various
           Canadian and international channels via video streaming boxes,
                                                                                    overarching trends relating to changing technologies, consumer
           and the illegal reception of US direct broadcast satellite services;
                                                                                    demands, economic conditions, and regulatory developments, all
           and
                                                                                    of which could limit essential future investments in the Canadian
         • other online content providers, including social media platforms
                                                                                    marketplace. See “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business”
           and user-generated content providers.
                                                                                    and “Regulation in our Industry” for more information. Below is a
                                                                                    summary of the industry trends affecting our specific reportable
         Phone
                                                                                    segments.
         While Phone represents a small portion of our business, we
         compete with other telephony service providers, including:
         • Bell’s wireline phone service in Ontario, Manitoba, New                  WIRELESS TRENDS
           Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland;                                The ongoing extensive investment made by Canadian wireless
         • Telus’ wireline phone services in British Columbia and Alberta;          providers has created far-reaching and sophisticated wireless
         • incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC) local loop resellers and         networks that have enabled consumers and businesses to utilize
           voice over IP (VoIP) service providers and other VoIP-only service       fast multimedia capabilities through wireless data services.
           providers (such as Vonage, Microsoft Teams, and Zoom), and               Consumer demand for mobile devices, digital media, and
           other voice applications that use the Internet access services of        on-demand content is pushing providers to build networks that can
           ISPs (such as Facebook and WhatsApp); and                                support the expanded use of applications, mobile video,
         • substitution of wireline for wireless products, including mobile         messaging, and other wireless data. Mobile commerce continues
           phones and wireless home phone products.                                 to increase as more devices and platforms adopt secure




23   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
technology to facilitate wireless transactions. Canadian wireless        consumers more quickly in order to sustain reliable speeds to
providers have previously benefitted from growing immigration            address the increasing number of Internet-capable devices.
and continue to benefit from increasing device penetration in
                                                                         Wireless home Internet, or Internet delivered using wireless cellular
Canada, including through customers having multiple devices;
                                                                         signals, is increasingly being offered by telecommunications
however, current slowing population growth as a result of changes
                                                                         companies in Canada. This technology allows carriers to provide
to government immigration policies is now leading to a less active
                                                                         home Internet services to customers who are (i) otherwise unable
market, resulting in lower gross and net additions.
                                                                         to be serviced by traditional wireline technologies or (ii) outside of a
Wireless providers continue to invest in the next generation of          carrier’s cable network footprint, thereby expanding the effective
technologies, like 5G, to meet increasing data demands. New              footprint of customers.
products and applications on the wireless network, such as wireless
                                                                         Our business customers use fibre-based access and cloud
private networks, will continue to rely on ultra-reliable, low latency
                                                                         computing to capture and share information in more secure and
transport networks, capable of supporting both wireless and
                                                                         accessible environments. This, combined with the rise of
wireline traffic.
                                                                         multimedia and Internet-based business applications, is driving
To help make the cost of new wireless devices more affordable for        exponential growth in data demand.
consumers, Rogers and other Canadian wireless carriers offer
                                                                         Businesses and all levels of government are transforming data
device financing programs. In 2023, we expanded financing
                                                                         centre infrastructure by moving toward virtual data storage and
available to Rogers customers by introducing the Rogers Red
                                                                         hosting. This is driving demand for more advanced network
Mastercard, which provides 3% cash back value for Rogers
                                                                         functionality, robust, scalable services, and supportive dynamic
customers and allows consumers to finance up to the full cost of
                                                                         network infrastructure.
the device over a 36-month or 48-month term at 0% interest. We
believe being able to finance devices over 36 or 48 months helps         Canadian wireline companies are dismantling legacy networks and
reduce churn.                                                            investing in next-generation platforms that combine voice, data,
                                                                         and video solutions onto a single distribution and access platform.
In addition to the wireless device financing plans now available,
                                                                         As next-generation platforms become more popular, our
subscribers are increasingly bringing their own devices or keeping
                                                                         competition will begin to include systems integrators and
their existing devices longer and therefore may not enter into term
                                                                         manufacturers.
contracts for wireless services. This may negatively impact churn,
but may also create gross addition subscriber opportunities as a         Devices and machines are becoming more interconnected and
result of increased churn from other carriers. This trend, along with    there is more reliance on the Internet and other networks to
ongoing elevated competitive intensity over the last several years,      facilitate updates and track usage.
may also negatively impact the monthly service fees charged to
subscribers as they shop for plans that best meet their needs.           MEDIA TRENDS
                                                                         Consumer viewing behaviours are continually evolving and the
CABLE TRENDS                                                             industry continues to adjust to these changes. Access to live sports
Economic conditions, technology advancements, non-traditional            and other premium content has become even more important for
competitors, consumer behaviours, and regulatory developments            acquiring and retaining audiences that in turn attract advertisers
are key areas influencing Cable. This market is capital intensive, and   and subscribers. Therefore, ownership of content and/or long-term
a strong Internet offering is the backbone to effectively serving it.    agreements with content owners has also become increasingly
Applications on the Internet are increasingly being used as a            important to media companies. Leagues, teams, networks, and
substitute for wireline telephone services, and televised content is     new digital entrants are also experimenting with the delivery of live
increasingly available online. Downward television tier migration        sports content through online/streaming, social, and virtual
(cord shaving) and television cancellation with the intent of            platforms, while non-traditional sports are also growing in
substitution (cord cutting) has continued with increased adoption        mindshare.
of OTT services.
                                                                         Consumer demand for digital media, content on mobile devices,
Cable and wireline companies are expanding their service offerings       and on-demand content is increasing and media products have
to include faster broadband Internet, including consistently offering    experienced significant digital uptake, requiring industry players to
multi-gigabit download speeds, with certain plans offering               increase their efforts in digital content and capabilities in order to
symmetrical speeds of up to 8 Gbps in select areas, and Internet         compete. In response to this trend, advertisers are shifting their
offerings with unlimited bandwidth. Consumers are demanding              spending to premium video and audio products on global digital
faster-than-ever speeds for streaming online media, uploading            platforms and social media that enable marketers to narrowly
personal content, playing online video games, and for their ever-        target specific audiences instead of the previous mass marketing
growing number of connected devices. In order to help facilitate         approach. This has caused a shift in focus to attract digital spending
these speeds, cable and wireline companies are shifting their            through investments in digital assets and advertising technology.
networks towards higher speed and capacity Data Over Cable
Service Interface Specifications (DOCSIS) 3.1 and fibre-                 Competition has changed and traditional media assets in Canada
to-the-home (FTTH) technologies and they are evolving their              are increasingly being controlled by a small number of competitors
networks to be DOCSIS 4.0-capable. These technologies provide            with significant scale and financial resources. Technology has
faster potential data communication speeds than earlier                  allowed new entrants and even individuals to become media
technologies, allowing both television and Internet signals to reach     players in their own right.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   24
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Some of our competitors have become more vertically integrated        Sports teams are increasingly providing varied and enhanced fan
         across both traditional and emerging platforms. Relationships         experiences at their venues, including undertaking significant
         between providers and purchasers of content have become more          renovations to provide more high-end and premium experiences,
         complex. Global aggregators have also emerged and are                 such as premium clubs or restaurants, varied seating options, and
         competing for both content and viewers; some of these                 gourmet food experiences.
         aggregators have the financial resources to offer greater
                                                                               Sports leagues are increasingly allowing teams to sell sponsorships
         compensation to providers for their content, resulting in increased
                                                                               for historically non-traditional assets (for example jersey patches in
         costs. Major streaming companies have also become major players
                                                                               the MLB and the NBA, or helmet stickers in the NHL), providing
         in the pursuit of sports league broadcast rights, leading to larger
                                                                               additional opportunities for teams.
         headline broadcast agreements with major sports leagues,
         resulting in increasing revenue for our sports teams but also
         increased costs if we choose to pursue the same rights.




25   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Corporate Overview
OUR STRATEGY FOR VALUE CREATION

KEY PERFORMANCE DRIVERS AND 2025 STRATEGIC                             2026 OBJECTIVES
HIGHLIGHTS                                                             In 2025, we continued to execute with discipline and deliver
Build the biggest and best networks in the country                     industry-leading results. As part of our goal to be number one
• Launched Rogers Satellite, a first of its kind satellite-to-mobile   across our core businesses and to drive growth across our three
  service to keep Canadians connected in areas where traditional       growth pillars of wireless, cable, and sports, our five objectives for
  cell coverage is not available.                                      2026 remain as follows, with updates to reflect how we will advance
• Recognized as Canada’s most reliable 5G+ network by umlaut in        them:
  June 2025.
• Recognized as Canada’s most reliable Internet by Opensignal in       Build the biggest and best networks in the country
  August 2025.                                                         Our networks power Canada’s economy and our business is built
• Commenced deployment of 5G Advanced network technology,              on providing our customers with the best choice and most
  a first in Canada.                                                   coverage in the country. We are focused on connecting more
                                                                       Canadians nationwide to Canada’s most reliable 5G+ network and
Deliver easy to use, reliable products and services                    the country’s only coast-to-coast Internet network. We are
• Launched WiFi 7 and delivered Canada’s first home Internet           continuing our legacy of innovative firsts with the expansion of
  backup solution for enhanced reliability.                            satellite-to-mobile technology to help Canadians stay safe and
• Brought Canadians more options as we work to provide the best        connected where traditional networks do not reach. Together, we
  entertainment       experience,     including     Rogers Xfinity     are using these investments to deliver always-on connectivity and
  StreamSaver and Amazon Luna Cloud Gaming.                            build a resilient Canada.
• Launched digital tools and technology to make it easier and
  faster for customers to get answers.                                 Deliver easy to use, reliable products and services
• Launched First Responders program with exclusive discounts           We believe delivering easy to use, reliable products and services is
  and special offers to those who are critical in keeping our          key to our growth strategy. This means designing products that are
  communities safe.                                                    simple, creating plans that are easy to understand, and offering the
                                                                       best value proposition. This includes rolling out a suite of in-home
Be the first choice for Canadians                                      services leveraging Comcast’s world-class product and technology
• More Canadians continued to choose Rogers Wireless and               platform, offering the most value-packed wireless plans on
  Internet over any other provider.                                    Canada’s best 5G+ network, and delivering the best business
• Renewed our agreement with the National Hockey League                solutions.
  (NHL) for the national media rights to NHL games on all
  platforms in Canada through the 2037-38 season.                      Be the first choice for Canadians
• Reached an average audience of 10.9 million viewers during           To be Canadians’ first choice, we are committed to delivering the
  Game 7 of the World Series on Sportsnet—the most-watched             best experiences and serving customers how and where they want.
  Rogers broadcast ever.                                               We will invest to grow our customer base and audiences by
• Finished the year rated No. 1 for flagship radio brands The Roz &    continuously improving the customer and viewing experience,
  Mocha Show, Breakfast with Billie Jo, 98.1 CHFI, CHYM 96.7, and      including delivering digital-first customer service and delivering the
  STAR 95.9.                                                           best content and experiences. As Canada’s communications,
                                                                       sports, and entertainment company, we will leverage our unique
Be a strong national company investing in Canada                       set of assets to offer customers exclusive access to the best sports
• Closed $6.7 billion subsidiary equity investment with leading        and entertainment experiences.
  institutional investors (network transaction).
• Became the majority owner of MLSE with a 75% controlling             Be a strong national company investing in Canada
  interest.                                                            Every year, as a proud Canadian company, we reinvest the vast
• Invested $3.7 billion in capital expenditures, the majority of       majority of our profits back into our country to connect as many
  which was in our networks.                                           Canadians as possible and help build strong local communities.
• Raised a record $27 million to support children’s charities in       We are focused on creating a better future for young Canadians,
  Alberta at the annual Rogers Charity Classic.                        including through our new impact program, Screen Break, to help
                                                                       families manage excessive screen time by youth.
Be a growth leader in our industry
• Grew total service revenue by 6% and adjusted EBITDA by 2%.          Be a growth leader in our industry
• Generated strong free cash flow of $3,356 million, above initial     To be number one, we are focused on operating efficiently and
  guidance ranges, and cash flow from operating activities of          executing with discipline to drive revenue growth across our three
  $6,059 million.                                                      pillars of growth, wireless, cable, and sports, and translate it into
• Achieved a pro forma debt leverage ratio of 3.9x, an                 strong margins, profit, free cash flow, return on assets, and returns
  improvement of 0.6x versus last year.                                to shareholders.



                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   26
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         VALUE CREATION MODEL                                                    topics and assess their impact to our business (see “Stakeholder
         Our approach to creating value                                          Engagement” for more information). In 2024, as we streamlined
         As Canada’s leading communications and entertainment                    our reporting and impact communication, we consolidated talent
         company, we reach Canadians from coast-to-coast through our             attraction, development, and diversity, equity, inclusion, and
         cable and wireless services, our news, sports programming and           belonging (DEIB) under “engaged people”. Our Indigenous and
         teams, and entertainment programs, and our award-winning credit         community relations topics have also been consolidated to
         card. We aim to connect Canadians where and when they want              emphasize overall socio-economic impact.
         and aim to be number one in our core businesses. We are
                                                                                 By aligning our material sustainability and social impact topics with
         dedicated to advancing our purpose and ambition through our five
                                                                                 our corporate priorities as below, we define how we create impact
         corporate priorities, grounded by our foundational practices that
                                                                                 as an organization, including in the context of global sustainability
         are embedded in how we do business.
                                                                                 commitments and goals. We will leverage our value creation model
         In 2023, we conducted an extensive stakeholder engagement               as a framework for how we assess, manage, and communicate
         exercise to identify our material sustainability and social impact      corporate impact and performance.

         CORPORATE STRATEGY

          Purpose                                               Connect Canadians when and where they want

          Ambition                                                  Be number one in our core businesses

          Foundational                 We are committed to do our best for Canadians with honesty, integrity, and transparency, through:
          practices
                                Strong business                                   Leadership and             Stakeholder             Transparent
                                                       Risk management
                                     ethics                                        accountability            engagement               reporting


         VALUE CREATION

          Corporate         Build the biggest and Deliver easy to use,        Be the first choice for   Be a strong national Be the growth leader
          priorities        best networks in the  reliable products and       Canadians                 company investing in in our industry
                            country               services                                              Canada

          Material          Network leadership      Social impacts of     Customer                      Socio-economic        Climate change
          sustainability    and resilience          products and services relationships                 investment            mitigation and
          and social                                                                                                          adaptation
                                                    Product end-of-life       Data privacy and          Engaged people
          impact topics
                                                    management                security                                        Safety, well-being,
                                                                                                                              and labour relations

          United Nations    SDG 9: Industry,        SDG 12: Responsible SDG 9: Industry,                SDG 5: Gender         SDG 8: Decent work
          Sustainable       innovation and          consumption and     innovation and                  equity                and economic growth
          Development       infrastructure          production          infrastructure
                                                                                                        SDG 8: Decent work    SDG 12: Responsible
          Goals
                            SDG 13: Climate                                                             and economic          consumption and
          (UNSDGs)
                            action                                                                      growth                production

                                                                                                                              SDG 13: Climate
                                                                                                                              action




27   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
We are a national company with a strong legacy of investing in the                               Second, we assessed the materiality and likelihood of actual and
future of Canada.                                                                                potential impacts for each material topic to prioritize amongst
                                                                                                 them, in line with our enterprise risk management framework.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT                                                                           Finally, we developed a materiality matrix that combined
In 2023, we undertook an extensive stakeholder engagement                                        stakeholder sentiment with the perceived prioritization of material
exercise with both internal and external stakeholders to identify the                            sustainability and social impact enablers to inform our
topics they believe to be most important to our business,                                        management approach for each topic.
prioritized based on their perceptions of our ability to have an
impact on each topic. To complete the materiality assessment, we
                                                                                                 MATERIAL TOPICS
completed three primary workstreams.
                                                                                                 Supported by our foundational practices (see “Corporate
First, we engaged with key internal and external stakeholders                                    Overview”), our four most material sustainability and social impact
through surveys, interviews, and sector insights reports to identify                             topics are:
our most material sustainability and social impact topics across our                             • network leadership and resilience;
value chain and time horizons. Stakeholder inputs were considered                                • customer relationships;
in terms of level of influence on our strategy and their readiness to                            • data privacy and security; and
engage with us. Stakeholders with whom we engaged included:                                      • climate change mitigation and adaptation.
• the Board, our executives, and our employees;
• customers;
• shareholders;
• suppliers;
• Indigenous communities;
• government, regulatory, and industry groups; and
• non-governmental organizations and partners.

Materiality matrix

                                                                         Social impacts of                Network leadership
                                                                         products and services            and resilience

                                                      Safety, well-being,             DEIB                                      Data privacy
                                                      and labour relations                                                      and security

                                                                              Socio-economic        Climate change
                                                                              investment            mitigation and
                                                                                                    adaptation




                         Importance to stakeholders
                                                             Product end-of-life
                                                             management
                                                                                                         Customer
                                                                                                         relationships




                                                                                                            Talent attraction
                                                                                                            and development




                                                                                     Business impact




                                                                                                                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   28
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         By focusing our efforts on material topics, we aim to maximize value for our business, our shareholders, our communities, and all other
         stakeholders to which our operations are connected. We continue to manage the remaining topics through our established engagement
         processes and operations, all of which undergo regular review and enhancements, to help ensure stakeholder expectations are met and
         material sustainability and social impact topics are embedded within our business. Each topic and its importance to stakeholders and
         Rogers is summarized below.

          Topic                 Description
          Network leadership    Improving our network speed, performance, and coverage enables us to reach more Canadians, connect more rural,
          and resilience        remote, and Indigenous communities, diversify our products and services, and meet customer demands. While
                                innovating, it is also critical to build network resilience to safeguard against the effects of extreme weather events, natural
                                disasters, grid disruptions, and technical issues.
          Customer              Investing in customer experience improvements and expanding the number of digital and self-serve capability initiatives
          relationships         available to our customers allows us to lower customer wait and resolution times, making the customer experience
                                convenient and cost-effective while also enabling our employees to focus their efforts where it is needed most.
          Data privacy and      Protecting the privacy of information shared by employees, customers, and partners, as well as safeguarding against
          security              threats to the security of their data, is a critical area of importance in maintaining trust.
          Climate change        Minimizing our impact on the climate through emissions reductions and energy efficiency, while also adapting to a
          mitigation and        changing climate, helps enable us to be resilient in the face of potential operational and supply chain disruptions and a
          adaptation            changing regulatory environment, minimize damages to assets and infrastructure, and align with stakeholder values.
          Talent attraction     Investing in our employees through talent training, coaching, feedback, and development programs helps increase our
          and development       capacity for innovation while also building employee engagement and retention.
          Diversity, equity,    Fostering diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging in our workforce is a catalyst that underpins employee engagement,
          inclusion, and        attraction, retention, innovation, creativity, and productivity.
          belonging
          Social impact of      Developing innovative business models and product and services that are aligned to the needs and values of Canadians
          products and          helps enable us to ensure our business model not only connects Canadians when and where they want, but also
          services              generates positive impact and societal value for communities.
          Safety, well-being,   Safeguarding the physical and mental health and well-being of our employees, while also strengthening their rights and
          and labour            labour relations, is key to enabling our employees to thrive at work, thereby reducing turnover and minimizing downtime.
          relations
          Indigenous,           Supporting the economic resilience and prosperity of equity-deserving communities and small businesses helps
          community, and        contribute to growth in key sectors and creates meaningful jobs for community members. We strive to be the “partner of
          socio-economic        choice” for local and Indigenous communities and youth, creating cultural relationships and enabling positive social
          relations             impacts.
          Product end-of-life   Maintaining responsible material stewardship standards assists us in increasing efficiency, lowering our environmental
          management            impacts, and engaging stakeholders in digital solutions to transition towards a circular economy by providing cost-
                                effective and convenient ways to upgrade and return used products.


         CONTRIBUTING TO A GLOBAL FRAMEWORK                                         and individuals, while innovating to provide products and services
         Rogers is committed to specific UNSDGs, including demonstrating            that enable better connections for Canadians. We achieve this by
         our localized efforts towards these broader global goals, as               continually investing in our networks and partnerships as we strive
         outlined below.                                                            to bring the best connectivity possible to Canadians. See “Network
                                                                                    Leadership and Resilience” for more information.
         SDG 5: Gender equality – We strive to promote and embed
         diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging for our employees, our         SDG 12: Responsible consumption and production – We strive
         communities, and stakeholders across our value chain. We achieve           towards sustainable consumption and production by sourcing
         this by providing learning and development programs for our                responsible products, optimizing material use, and diverting waste
         employees and investing in scholarships and grants focused on              from landfills. We achieve this through robust waste management
         equity-deserving youth, including women. See “Socio-Economic               programs and supply chain management. See “Product End-of-Life
         Investment” and “Engaged People” for more information.                     Management” and “Procurement and Supplier Management” for
                                                                                    more information.
         SDG 8: Decent work and economic growth – We invest in
         communities and young Canadians by creating opportunities and              SDG 13: Climate action – We are committed to combating climate
         valuable work in communications, innovation, and technology to             change through our target of carbon net-zero, investing in energy
         achieve sustainable economic growth. We achieve this by                    efficiency and renewable energy, and conducting our business in
         employing 25,000 people and by investing in programs that                  an environmentally responsible manner. We achieve this through
         support youth and vulnerable Canadians. See “Socio-Economic                meaningful changes in our operations to drive efficiency and
         Investment” and “Engaged People” for more information.                     transition to the low carbon economy. See “Climate Change
                                                                                    Mitigation and Adaptation” for more information.
         SDG 9: Industry, innovation and infrastructure – We strive to
         develop resilient networks that support communities, businesses,




29   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
GOVERNANCE AND RISK FRAMEWORK




                                                                                                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                        trade-offs between risk and return to maximize value to the
                                                                                        organization. As such, we knowingly take certain risks to generate
Rogers is a family-founded, family-controlled company. We take                          earnings and encourage innovation that advance us as a customer-
pride in our proactive and disciplined approach to ensuring that                        centric market leader. To maintain our reputation and trust, we
our governance structure and practices instill confidence in our                        work to ensure the impacts (financial, operational, strategic,
shareholders.                                                                           regulatory, privacy, and cyber security) of our risk-taking activities
The Board is currently made up of 14 directors who bring a rich mix                     are understood and are in line with our strategic objectives and
of experience as business leaders in North America. Each of our                         company values. The Executive Leadership Team and the Audit and
directors is firmly committed to effective governance, strong                           Risk Committee are responsible for approving our enterprise risk
oversight, and the ongoing creation of shareholder value.                               policies. See “Risk Management” for more information.

The Board is responsible for overseeing the conduct of business                         All employees must review and acknowledge their acceptance of
and affairs across the Company and supervising our management                           the Rogers Business Conduct Policy annually. We have
team in carrying out their responsibilities. In addition to the Rogers                  implemented several mandatory training programs to ensure
Business Conduct Policy, the Board has adopted the Directors                            employees understand unethical and corrupt behaviour, and how
Code of Conduct and Ethics.                                                             to avoid accidental privacy breaches. Employees who suspect any
                                                                                        violation of applicable laws or regulations, or who have concerns
The Board exercises its responsibilities through direct action and                      about potential business, ethical, or financial misconduct, can
delegation to its eight standing committees, ensuring effective                         anonymously submit a report via the STAR Hotline, our corporate
oversight and accountability: Audit and Risk, Corporate                                 whistleblower service.
Governance, Executive, Finance, Human Resources, Nominating,
Pension, and Sustainability and Social Impact.                                          Our Rogers Business Conduct Policy, robust compliance systems,
                                                                                        and support for our people ensure that accountability, risk
We strive to continually strengthen our risk management                                 management, and controls are embedded at the right levels.
capabilities to protect and enhance shareholder value. The
purpose of risk management is not to eliminate risk but to optimize


FINANCIAL AND OPERATING GUIDANCE
We provide consolidated annual guidance ranges for selected financial metrics on a basis consistent with the annual plans approved by
the Board.

2025 ACHIEVEMENTS AGAINST GUIDANCE
The following table outlines guidance ranges we had previously provided and our actual results and achievements for the selected full-
year 2025 financial metrics.
                                                                                       2024                                                     2025
(In millions of dollars, except percentages)                                           Actual            2025 Guidance Ranges                   Actual        Achievement
Consolidated Guidance 1,2
Total service revenue                                                                  18,066     Increase of 3% to increase of 5%           19,104      6%          ◆
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                         9,617     Increase of 0% to increase of 3%            9,820      2%          ✓
Capital expenditures 3                                                                  4,041             Approximately 3,700                 3,707                  ✓
Free cash flow                                                                          3,045              3,200 to 3,300                     3,356                  ◆

                                               Missed X                        Achieved ✓                           Exceeded ◆
1 The table outlines guidance ranges for selected full-year 2025 consolidated financial metrics provided in our January 30, 2025 earnings release and subsequently updated on
  July 23, 2025 and October 23, 2025. Guidance ranges presented as percentages reflect percentage increases over full-year 2024 results.
2 Guidance ranges and actual results presented include the results of MLSE from and after closing the MLSE Transaction on July 1, 2025.

3 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum licences,

  additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business combinations.




                                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.               |   30
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         2026 FULL-YEAR CONSOLIDATED GUIDANCE                                                          We provide annual guidance ranges on a consolidated full-year
         For the full-year 2026, we expect similar growth rates in total service                       basis that are consistent with annual full-year Board-approved
         revenue and adjusted EBITDA as experienced in 2025 with capital                               plans. Any updates to our full-year financial guidance over the
         efficiencies driving lower capital expenditures and continued                                 course of the year would only be made to the consolidated
         strong free cash flow. In 2026, we expect to have the financial                               guidance ranges that appear above.
         flexibility to maintain our network advantages and to continue to
         return cash to shareholders.                                                                  Key underlying assumptions
                                                                                                       Our 2026 guidance ranges presented in “2026 Full-Year
                                                              2025              2026
         (In millions of dollars, except percentages)         Actual      Guidance Ranges 1
                                                                                                       Consolidated Guidance” are based on many assumptions
                                                                                                       including, but not limited to, the following material assumptions for
         Total service revenue                               19,104 Increase of 3% to 5%
                                                                                                       the full-year 2026:
         Adjusted EBITDA                                      9,820 Increase of 1% to 3%
         Capital expenditures 2                               3,707          3,300 to 3,500            • continued competitive intensity in all segments in which we
         Free cash flow 3                                     3,356          3,300 to 3,500               operate consistent with levels experienced in 2025;
                                                                                                       • no significant additional legal or regulatory developments, other
         1 Guidance ranges presented as percentages reflect percentage increases over full-
           year 2025 results.
                                                                                                          shifts in economic conditions, or macro changes in the
         2 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition             competitive environment affecting our business activities;
           and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum               • overall wireless market penetration in Canada continues to grow
           licences, additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business                in 2026;
           combinations.
         3 Effective January 1, 2026, we will revise our calculation of free cash flow to adjust for
                                                                                                       • continued net growth in wireless subscribers in the Canadian
           net cash settlements on our subsidiary equity derivatives related to ongoing                   market;
           distributions to non-controlling interests. We believe the revised calculation more         • continued subscriber growth in retail Internet;
           closely reflects the economic substance of the network transaction and the subsidiary       • declining Television and Satellite subscribers, including the
           derivatives economically hedge the distributions. The 2025 impact is not meaningful.           impact of customers migrating to Rogers Xfinity TV from our
         The above table outlines guidance ranges for selected full-year                                  legacy Television product, as subscription streaming services and
         2026 consolidated financial metrics. These ranges take into                                      other over-the-top providers continue to grow in popularity;
         consideration our current outlook and our 2025 results. The                                   • in Media, continued growth in sports (including a full year of
         purpose of the financial outlook is to assist investors, shareholders,                           results for MLSE) and similar trends in 2026 as in 2025 in other
         and others in understanding certain financial metrics relating to                                traditional media businesses;
         expected 2026 financial results for evaluating the performance of                             • no significant sports-related work stoppages or cancellations will
         our business. This information may not be appropriate for other                                  occur;
         purposes. Information about our guidance, including the various                               • with respect to capital expenditures, we continue investing to
         assumptions underlying it, is forward-looking and should be read in                              (i) expand our 5G network and (ii) upgrade our hybrid fibre-
         conjunction with “About Forward-Looking Information”, “Risks and                                 coaxial network to lower the number of homes passed per node,
         Uncertainties Affecting our Business”, the material assumptions                                  utilize the latest technologies, and deliver an even more reliable
         listed below under “Key underlying assumptions”, and the related                                 customer experience;
         disclosure and information about various economic, competitive,                               • a substantial portion of our 2026 US dollar-denominated
         and regulatory assumptions, factors, and risks that may cause our                                expenditures is hedged at an average exchange rate of
         actual future financial and operating results to differ from what we                             $1.37/US$;
         currently expect.                                                                             • key interest rates remain relatively stable throughout 2026; and
                                                                                                       • we retain our investment-grade credit ratings.




31   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Delivering on our Priorities
BUILD THE BIGGEST AND BEST NETWORKS IN THE COUNTRY
NETWORK LEADERSHIP AND RESILIENCE                                       • is supported by voice and data roaming agreements with
We continually invest in our networks and technology to provide           domestic and international carriers in more than 200
our customers with industry-leading connectivity. We have invested        destinations, including LTE and a growing number of 5G
$70 billion in our networks over the last two decades, including          roaming operators;
over $3 billion in 2025, and our 5G network now reaches more            • includes network sharing arrangements with two wireless
than 2,800 communities across Canada.                                     operators that operate in urban and rural parts of Canada; and
                                                                        • offers satellite-to-mobile coverage nationwide up to 58°N to
As part of our investment, along with government partners,                ensure Canadians can stay connected in areas beyond the limits
through the Eastern Ontario Regional Network (EORN), our 5G               of traditional wireless networks.
services are now available in more communities across Eastern
Ontario, with 245 new towers and 311 tower upgrades completed           We are continuously enhancing our IP service infrastructure for all
since 2021.                                                             our wireless and wireline services. Advances in technology have
                                                                        transformed the ways in which our customers interact and use the
Highlights for our networks in 2025 include:                            variety of tools available to them in their personal and professional
• ranking as the most reliable 5G+ wireless network in Canada by        lives. Technology has also changed the way businesses operate.
  umlaut in June;
• being awarded Canada’s most consistent wireless network               Our 5G/5G+ network currently uses a combination of the
  quality and most reliable experience by Opensignal in August;         600 MHz, 1900 MHz, 2500 MHz, 3500 MHz, 3800 MHz, and AWS
• being awarded Canada’s most reliable Internet by Opensignal in        spectrum bands, and is also aggregated with our LTE spectrum
  August 2025;                                                          bands. We have deployed dynamic spectrum sharing, which allows
• creating additional dedicated capacity to increase speeds of our      our existing spectrum supporting 4G to also be used for 5G/5G+
  5GHI offerings;                                                       networks, and our network also supports 5G network slicing to
• launching Rogers Satellite, a first of its kind satellite-to-mobile   provide customized services for particular applications and
  service in Canada, including popular apps, to keep Canadians          customers.
  connected in areas where traditional cell coverage is not
                                                                        A number of future investments will be required to successfully
  available;
                                                                        operate and maintain our 5G/5G+ network, including, but not
• deploying 5G Advanced network technology, a first in Canada;
                                                                        limited to:
• launching the Connected Robotics Living Lab with the federal
                                                                        • refarming spectrum currently used for 2G and 3G to be used for
  government to advance 5G and AI research;
                                                                           LTE and 5G/5G+;
• building an entirely new 5G+ in-building network system and
                                                                        • acquiring additional radio spectrum through government
  antenna infrastructure to support 50,000 fans at Rogers Stadium;
                                                                           auctions and private sector transactions;
• activating 5G service in more tunnels in the Toronto Transit
                                                                        • densifying and expanding our wireless network with additional
  Commission (TTC) subway system;
                                                                           macro cells, small cells, and in-building systems; and
• completing nearly 100 new 5G cell towers across Eastern
                                                                        • purchasing incremental 5G-ready radio network equipment with
  Ontario as part of the EORN Cell Gap Project;
                                                                           lower unit and operational costs, and the ability to aggregate
• completing an undersea fibre line to bring our cable network to
                                                                           more radio carriers and achieve greater spectral efficiency.
  the Southern Gulf Islands in British Columbia; and
• carrying a record 7.5 terabytes of wireless and wireline data
                                                                        Significant spectrum position
  during the Toronto Blue Jays World Series run.
                                                                        Our wireless services are supported by our significant wireless
                                                                        spectrum licence holdings in low-band, mid-band, and high-band
Wireless
                                                                        frequency ranges. As part of our network strategy, we expect to
We have one of the most extensive and advanced mobile
                                                                        continue making significant capital investments in spectrum to:
broadband wireless networks in Canada, which:
                                                                        • support the continual rapid growth in usage of broadband
• is the only national network in Canada fully owned by a single
                                                                           wireless data services;
  operator;
                                                                        • support the expansion and maintenance of our 5G/5G+
• was the first 5G network in Canada, reaching over 90% of the
                                                                           network; and
  Canadian population in over 2,800 communities as at
                                                                        • introduce new innovative network-enabled features and
  December 31, 2025 on our 5G network alone;
                                                                           functionality.
• was the first LTE high-speed network in Canada, reaching 96% of
  the Canadian population as at December 31, 2025 on our LTE
  network alone;




                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   32
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Our spectrum holdings as at December 31, 2025 include:

           Type of spectrum           Rogers licences                                                        Who the licences support
           600 MHz                    20 to 40 MHz across Canada, covering 100% of the Canadian              4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                                      population.                                                            subscribers.
           700 MHz                    24 MHz in Canada’s major geographic markets, covering 99.7%            4G / 4.5G LTE subscribers; future
                                      of the Canadian population.                                            5G / 5G+ subscribers.
           850 MHz                    25 MHz across Canada.                                                  2G GSM, 3G HSPA, 4G / 4.5G LTE
                                                                                                             subscribers; future 5G / 5G+
                                                                                                             subscribers.
           1900 MHz                   60 MHz in all areas of Canada except 40 MHz in northern                4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                                      Quebec, 50 MHz in southern Ontario, and 40 MHz in the Yukon,           subscribers.
                                      Northwest Territories, and Nunavut.
           AWS 1700/2100 MHz          40 MHz in British Columbia and Alberta, 30 MHz in southern             4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                                      Ontario, an additional 10 MHz in the Greater Toronto Area, and         subscribers.
                                      20 MHz in the rest of Canada.
           2500 MHz                   40 MHz FDD across the majority of Canada except 20 MHz in              4G / 4.5G LTE, and 5G / 5G+
                                      parts of Quebec and no holdings in Nunavut and the Northwest           subscribers.
                                      Territories. Rogers also holds an additional 20 MHz TDD in key
                                      population areas in Quebec, Ontario, and British Columbia, and
                                      an additional 10 MHz in parts of rural British Columbia.
           3500 MHz                   Between 60 MHz and 80 MHz in large population centres, except          Mobile 5G / 5G+ subscribers; fixed
                                      in Edmonton where Rogers holds 30 MHz. Rogers holds 20 MHz             wireless subscribers.
                                      to 90 MHz in rural areas.
           3800 MHz                   Between 20 and 40 MHz in urban areas and 10 to 80 MHz in rural         Mobile 5G / 5G+ subscribers; fixed
                                      areas, for a combined 100 MHz total across 3500 and 3800 MHz           wireless subscribers.
                                      in areas covering 99% of Canadians.

         We also have access to additional spectrum through the following network sharing agreements:

           Type of spectrum           Type of network venture                                                Who it supports
           2300 MHz                   Orion Wireless Partnership (Orion) is a joint operation with Bell in   4G fixed wireless subscribers.
                                      which Rogers holds a 50% interest. Orion holds licences for
                                      30 MHz of FDD 2300 MHz spectrum (of which 20 MHz is usable),
                                      primarily in eastern Canada, including certain population centres
                                      in southern and eastern Ontario, southern Quebec, and smaller
                                      holdings in New Brunswick, Manitoba, Alberta, and British
                                      Columbia. The Orion fixed wireless LTE national network utilizes
                                      the jointly held 2300 MHz bands.
           Various                    Two network-sharing arrangements to enhance coverage and
                                      network capabilities:
                                      • with Bell MTS, which covers 98% of the population across             2G GSM, 3.5G / 4G HSPA+, 4G LTE,
                                        Manitoba; and                                                        5G subscribers.
                                      • with Videotron to provide HSPA and LTE services across the           4G LTE subscribers.
                                        province of Quebec and Ottawa.

         Additionally, on February 6, 2026, Innovation, Science and             transcontinental, facilities-based fibre-optic network with 118,000
         Economic Development Canada announced we had won                       kilometres of fibre optic cable is also used to service business
         30 spectrum licences in a residual spectrum licence auction,           customers, including government and other telecommunications
         primarily in the 3800 MHz band, for a total cost of $84 million. We    service providers outside of our home markets. We also use our
         made the first payment of $17 million on February 20, 2026. Final      extensive fibre network for backhaul for wireless cell site traffic. In
         payment of the $67 million remaining balance will be due on            Canada, the network extends coast-to-coast and includes fibre,
         March 20, 2026.                                                        both access and metro, and long haul, optical transmission systems
                                                                                and IP routers in hubs and core sites. The network also extends to
         Cable                                                                  the US from Vancouver south to Seattle; from the Manitoba-
         Our expansive fibre and hybrid fibre-coaxial (HFC) cable network       Minnesota border through Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Chicago,
         delivers services to homes and businesses across Canada. This          Detroit, and Sarnia; from Toronto through Buffalo; from Saint John



33   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
to Boston; and from Montreal through Albany to New York City and        We continue to invest in and improve our cable network services;
Ashburn, allowing us to connect Canada’s largest markets, while         for example, with technology to support multi-gigabit Internet
also reaching key US markets for the exchange of data, video, and       speeds, Rogers Xfinity Internet and TV, Rogers 4K TV, and a
voice traffic.                                                          significant commitment to live broadcasting in 4K, including
                                                                        regular season Toronto Blue Jays home games and numerous NHL
Our network is designed and engineered for performance and
                                                                        and NBA games.
redundancy and to allow for the simultaneous delivery of video,
voice, and Internet. Diverse fibre paths that interconnect hubs         Our voice telephony services are built on a robust, resilient, and
provide redundancy to minimize disruptions that can result from         scalable national core network providing service availability over a
fibre cuts and other events.                                            variety of access mediums, including DOCSIS, fibre, TPIA, and
                                                                        wireless. Our offerings provide an industry-leading, feature-rich set
Homes and commercial buildings are connected to the core
                                                                        of capabilities enabling Rogers to service all addressable Canadian
network through our multi-gigabit HFC and DOCSIS or ten gigabit
                                                                        market segments from home phone to small and medium
symmetrical passive optical network (XGS-PON) access networks.
                                                                        businesses to public sector to enterprise. Beyond the standard
We connect the HFC and PON nodes to the core network using
                                                                        Class 4 and Class 5 telephony services, we provide bespoke
fibre optic cable and from the home to the node using coaxial
                                                                        solutions for customers leveraging advanced IP network and
cable or fibre. Using 1.2GHz, 1 GHz, 860 MHz, and 750 MHz of
                                                                        telephony routing capabilities to meet the most demanding
cable spectrum for our HFC networks in Western Canada, Ontario,
                                                                        availability and feature set needs. We have also established
and Atlantic Canada, we deliver video, voice, and broadband
                                                                        strategic partnerships that broaden our voice offerings to include
services to our customers.
                                                                        solutions like Microsoft Teams Phone Mobile, Operator Connect,
We continually invest in our network to augment capacity, enhance       or Amazon Connect.
performance and resilience, reduce operating costs, and introduce
                                                                        We leverage our national fibre, cable, and wireless networks and
new features and functionality, including to keep pace with
                                                                        data centre infrastructure to enable businesses to deliver greater
evolving customer needs and demands. Our investments are
                                                                        value to their customers through proactive network monitoring and
focused on:
                                                                        problem resolution with enterprise-level reliability, security, and
• modernizing our HFC network to 1.2 GHz and subsequently
                                                                        performance. Our primary and secondary network operation
  1.8 GHz in preparation for DOCSIS 4.0 (as the technology
                                                                        centres proactively monitor Rogers’ networks to mitigate the risk of
  becomes generally available), which allows us to:
                                                                        service interruptions and to allow for rapid responses to any
  • expand cable spectrum capacity, delivering 2 Gbps download
                                                                        outages.
     speeds and 200 Mbps upload speeds nationally today;
  • lay the foundation for future DOCSIS 4.0 upgrades, which will
     enable multi-gigabit download and upload speeds; and               DELIVER EASY TO USE, RELIABLE PRODUCTS
  • enhance network performance, quality, and resilience with
                                                                        AND SERVICES
     digital fibre optics and new intelligent and higher radio
     frequency amplifiers;                                              WIDESPREAD PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION
• HFC node segmentation to reduce the number of homes                   Wireless
  passed per HFC node, thereby increasing the bandwidth and             We have an extensive national distribution network and offer our
  capacity per subscriber;                                              wireless products nationally through multiple channels, including:
• increasing capacity per subscriber by enabling additional             • company-owned Rogers, Fido, and chatr retail stores;
  DOCSIS 3.1 downstream and upstream channels and preparing             • customer self-serve using rogers.com, fido.ca, chatrwireless.com,
  for the deployment of DOCSIS 4.0 that will support symmetrical          and e-commerce sites;
  Gbps speeds and lower latency;                                        • an extensive independent dealer network;
• expanding our fibre network connecting more homes, multiple           • major retail chains and convenience stores;
  dwelling unit buildings, and business premises directly to fibre      • other distribution channels, such as WOW! mobile boutique, as
  and XGS-PON technology; and                                             well as Wireless Wave and TBooth Wireless through our
• enhancing resilience by evolving our IP core and corporate data         ownership interest in Glentel;
  centre networks, adding equipment redundancy, and adding              • our contact centres; and
  additional fibre paths to protect against simultaneous outages.       • outbound telemarketing.
Fixed wireless access services and expanding our wireline footprint
is a key priority for connecting all areas of Canada, including rural   Cable
and underserved areas. We are actively investing in the expansion       We distribute our residential cable products through various
of our network in both Wireless and Cable to connect more               channels, including:
Canadians and to expand our footprint. We are investing in the          • company-owned Rogers retail stores;
next generation of broadband wireless data networks, such as 5G/        • an extensive independent dealer network;
5G+ technologies, to support the growing data demand and new            • customer self-serve using rogers.com;
products and applications. This requires a strong network, capable      • our contact centres, outbound telemarketing, and door-to-door
of supporting both wireline and wireless data at low latencies to         agents; and
ensure new products and applications operate as intended.               • major retail chains.




                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   34
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Our sales team and third-party dealers and retailers sell services to   Canadians. By pairing our spectrum licences with satellite
         the business, public sector, and carrier wholesale markets. An          technology, Canadians can use their smartphone to stay connected
         extensive network of third-party channel distributors deals with IT     and access text-to-911 in some of the most remote parts of
         integrators, consultants, local service providers, and other indirect   Canada. Rogers Satellite also supports some of the most popular
         sales relationships. This diverse approach gives greater breadth of     apps so customers can check weather, use mapping, and stay in
         coverage and allows for strong sales growth for next-generation         touch using most modern smartphones where traditional cell
         services.                                                               coverage is not available. We also launched satellite-to-mobile for
                                                                                 IoT businesses, another Canadian first, with real-world applications
         First-class media content                                               including fleet and asset tracking along remote highways and rail
         We deliver highly sought-after sports content enhanced by the           corridors and powering automated sensors for sectors like forestry
         following initiatives:                                                  and mining. As the technology advances, it will help transform
         • an exclusive national agreement with the National Hockey              Canadian businesses and governmental organizations.
            League (NHL), which runs through the 2037-2038 season, as            We use our 5G technology as a catalyst for positive change and to
            well as regional agreements, that allow us to deliver coverage of    drive the next generation of innovation. We make multi-million
            professional hockey in Canada across television, smartphones,        dollar investments in universities across Canada, such as the
            tablets, and other streaming devices;                                University of British Columbia and the University of Waterloo, to
         • broadcasting and distribution rights of the Toronto Blue Jays in      support research and innovation that will transform industries and
            Canada through our ownership of the team;                            enhance Canadians’ lives. Through our partnerships, researchers
         • regional broadcasting rights for 50% of Toronto Maple Leafs and       are tackling issues like access to healthcare (for example, through a
            up to 50% of Toronto Raptors home games through our                  mixed reality tele-ultrasound system that turns a novice into a
            ownership of MLSE;                                                   sonographer), sustainability, productivity in industries like mining,
         • Sportsnet+, an OTT sports service, offering 24/7 access to            and resilience in critical infrastructure with 5G sensor technology.
            Sportsnet’s TV content;                                              With the unprecedented impacts of climate change on
         • the MLB Network, a 24-hour network dedicated to baseball,             communities across the country, we expanded our research to help
            brought to Canada on Rogers television services;                     Canadians, first responders, and governments in 2025. This
         • an 11-year broadcasting agreement with the NBA, which runs            includes research in flood risk modelling and AI-based optimization
            through the 2025-2026 season, that allows us to deliver              of microgrids.
            coverage of professional basketball in Canada across television,
            smartphones, tablets, and other streaming devices; and               Recognizing the unique challenges faced by remote Indigenous
         • a long-term broadcast agreement with Ultimate Fighting                communities, we leverage our technology to improve access and
            Championship (UFC) for media rights that allows Sportsnet to         public safety in these regions. We also work with various agencies
            stream live UFC events.                                              to enhance public safety initiatives in both urban and rural areas,
                                                                                 including partnering with law enforcement and emergency
         We deliver the most-watched lifestyle and entertainment content to      response organizations to develop advanced communications
         Canadians on their platform of choice through multi-year deals with     systems and deploy 5G-powered tools that aid in crime prevention
         Warner Bros. Discovery and NBCUniversal, including:                     and disaster response.
         • Warner Bros. Discovery’s suite of English-language US lifestyle
           and factual brands, including HGTV, Food Network, and much            In early 2026, we launched Screen Break, a new, national program
           more; and                                                             to help Canadian families address excessive screen use by youth.
         • Bravo, featuring riveting unscripted programming, which               To help youth develop healthy screen habits, we are investing
           includes new seasons of Bravo’s hit franchise series.                 $50 million over five years into four program pillars:
                                                                                 • empowering parents and guardians with technology, tools, and
                                                                                    resources to help manage screen time and guide screen time
         SOCIAL IMPACTS OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
                                                                                    conversations;
         We are committed to developing innovative products and services
                                                                                 • youth programming via partnerships with organizations like the
         that meet the needs of Canadians while generating positive
                                                                                    YMCA to promote screen balance and active living;
         impacts in our communities. Our responsible technology approach
                                                                                 • research and partnerships to support organizations addressing
         promotes the use of our technology to connect Canadians and is
                                                                                    issues related to excessive screen time; and
         anchored on the following principles:
                                                                                 • education and advocacy to inspire teens to rethink their
         • promoting safety and security;
                                                                                    relationships with their screens.
         • protecting data privacy;
         • preventing technology from being misused;
         • enabling equitable access;                                            PRODUCT END-OF-LIFE MANAGEMENT
         • respecting human rights and treating people fairly; and               We have a duty to promote responsible material stewardship
         • being open, transparent, and accountable.                             through sustainable procurement, increased product efficiencies,
                                                                                 lower environmental impacts, and engaging customers in digital
         In 2025, we launched Rogers Satellite, a new satellite-to-mobile        solutions to help us transition towards a sustainable circular
         service, expanding our coverage to over 5.4 million square              economy. Across our supply chain, we seek opportunities to
         kilometres in Canada and its territorial waters. We are the first       optimize the recycling and return processes, aiming to promote
         wireless provider to offer this next generation technology to all       sustainable product production and responsible consumption.




35   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Electronic recycling                                                      • Resolution Lobby, a self-guided flow that helps specialists
In 2025, we achieved our goal of diverting 100% of collected                  resolve issues more efficiently and reduces ticket escalations;
electronic waste from landfill through a suite of return programs. To     • an online travel hub, with answers to our customers’ most
deliver this outcome, we facilitated the collection, treatment,               common roaming questions; and
recycling, and responsible disposal of electronic waste, prioritizing     • Digital Bill Inquiry, an online submission form for customers to
refurbishment and resale wherever feasible to maximize                        request an inquiry into a billing charge, check the status of the
environmental benefits. This year, we diverted 4.65 million                   inquiry, and receive a detailed explanation of the resolution;
electronic devices and materials (over 4,800 metric tonnes) of          • the “We Speak Your Language” program, allowing us to serve
various types of electronic waste of which 31% were recycled and          customers in over 100 languages at our retail stores;
69% were resold.                                                        • the Rogers Assist App, which allows our employees to act on
                                                                          behalf of their loved ones, their friends, or another customer
                                                                          expressing an ongoing concern with their service or an issue they
BE THE FIRST CHOICE FOR CANADIANS                                         have been unable to resolve, by submitting issues directly to a
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE                                                       specialized Rogers Assist team;
We are committed to providing our customers with the best               • the “Resolve Your Concern” feature on our websites, providing
experience possible and putting customer experience at the centre         customers an additional method to resolve their concerns by
of everything we do. We continuously enhance our processes,               escalating their feedback to management with a committed
tools, and team capabilities with the goal of making every customer       response time of 24 hours;
interaction simple, effective, and meaningful. This year, we            • enhancing our payment experience with accessibility best
remained dedicated to identifying and deploying process                   practices and removing data charges for Video Relay Service,
improvements to make the customer experience even better. We              making the customer experience for hearing impaired
delivered over 320 process improvements based on customer                 customers more accessible;
feedback, including 174 to support improvements within our tools,       • 24-month, $0 down, interest-free wireless device financing on
limiting contact minutes and improving efficiency.                        Rogers Infinite plans and through our Fido Payment Program;
                                                                        • the Rogers Xfinity app for all Rogers Xfinity customers, giving
We have invested in several areas to make it easier and more              them ultimate control over their WiFi experience;
convenient for customers to interact with us, such as:                  • Family Data Manager, a data manager tool, and Data Top Ups,
• live customer support handled by customer solution specialists;         both of which allow Wireless customers to manage and
• 24/7 customer support handled by virtual assistant tools that           customize their data usage in real-time through MyRogers;
  provide customers the option for live chat or scheduled               • Fido 5 Extra Hours, which grant Fido customers an additional five
  callbacks;                                                              hours of data, per billing cycle, at no extra charge;
• the implementation of Agent Assist, InfoAssist, and smart             • a simple online bill, making it easier for customers to read and
  responses – AI-driven support tools to provide agents with faster,      understand their monthly charges;
  more accurate responses;                                              • Roam Like Home (including Travel Passes) and Fido Roam,
• Live Adjustments Support, an adjustment process that                    worry-free wireless roaming allowing Canadians to use their
  streamlines and automates approvals for crediting accounts and          wireless plan like they do at home when traveling to included
  in turn reduces wait times;                                             destinations;
• an innovative Integrated Voice Response (IVR) system that can         • Top Up as a Guest, which allows chatr customers to top up an
  take calls in English, French, Mandarin, and Cantonese;                 account without signing in;
• voice authentication technology across all Rogers and Fido            • Advantage Mobility and Advantage Security, business-grade
  contact centres that automatically identifies our registered            solutions offered by Rogers for Business to support small- and
  customers by their voice, increasing security and protecting            medium-sized Canadian enterprises with reliable connectivity
  customers from potential fraud;                                         and network security;
• a range of digital and self-serve tools designed to address           • a Premium Device Protection program, including AppleCare
  customer pain points, streamline processes, and make the most           services for Rogers and Fido customers, offering customers more
  efficient use of time, through tools like device guides, quick pay,     protection and choice;
  and tracking features, including:                                     • In-store Pickup, a free service that allows customers to purchase a
  • the ability for Fido and Rogers customers to complete price           new device online or through a customer care agent and pick up
     plan changes, hardware upgrades, and other account updates           it up the same day in-store;
     online;                                                            • an online appointment booking tool, allowing customers to
  • the ability for customers to install their Internet, TV, home         conveniently schedule an appointment to speak to a Rogers
     phone, home monitoring equipment, and Rogers Xfinity                 expert at a specific store and time;
     Streaming products at their convenience, without the need for      • 36-month and 48-month device financing through the Rogers
     a technician visiting their residence;                               Red Mastercard’s equal payment plan, allowing Rogers
  • Rogers EnRoute, a tool that gives customers the ability to track      customers to finance devices at 0% interest; and
     on their phone when a technician will arrive for an installation   • 5G/5G+ connectivity in the TTC subway system covering every
     or service call; and                                                 station (and select tunnels) so our customers can continue to
  • the ability for chatr customers to use SMS to easily review           stream, make plans, share location, and more while on the go.
     account information, balance details, and top up their
     account;




                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   36
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY                                                   BE A STRONG, NATIONAL COMPANY
         Safeguarding the privacy of customer and employee personal
                                                                                     INVESTING IN CANADA
         information, network security, and promoting transparency are
         some of our top priorities. We make information about privacy and           FINANCIAL STRENGTH AND FLEXIBILITY
         cybersecurity available to our customers online and our Privacy             We have an investment-grade balance sheet and substantial
         Policy is provided to all customers through our Service Agreements          available liquidity of $5.9 billion as at December 31, 2025. Our
         and Terms of Service. Our cybersecurity practices are continually           capital resources consist primarily of cash balances, cash provided
         measured against industry-leading frameworks, such as the                   by operating activities, available lines of credit, funds available
         National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity                under our receivables securitization program, issuances of
         Framework, which maintains a robust cybersecurity program and               US dollar-denominated commercial paper (US CP) under our
         improves critical infrastructure. Where necessary, we make                  US CP program, and long-term debt.
         improvements to our practices as we strive to maintain our robust
         programs.                                                                   The following information is forward-looking and should be read in
                                                                                     conjunction with “About Forward-Looking Information”, “Financial
                                                                                     and Operating Guidance”, “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our
         Data governance
                                                                                     Business”, and our other disclosures about various economic,
         Through the Audit and Risk Committee, the Board oversees both
                                                                                     competitive, and regulatory assumptions, factors, and risks that
         data security and privacy risks. Privacy issues are the responsibility of
                                                                                     could cause our actual future financial and operating results to
         our Chief Privacy Officer, with executive oversight by our Chief
                                                                                     differ from those currently expected.
         Corporate Affairs Officer. Our Chief Technology Officer and our
         Chief Information and Cyber Security Officer each have executive            By June 2025, we had met our earlier stated objective of returning
         responsibility over data security supported by technology, network          our debt leverage ratio to approximately 3.5 within 36 months of
         resilience, and cybersecurity leaders.                                      the April 2023 closing of the Shaw Transaction. Subsequently, as a
                                                                                     result of closing the MLSE Transaction, our debt leverage ratio
         We require our employees and third parties working for, or on
                                                                                     increased. We expect we will have sufficient capital resources to
         behalf of, us to comply with applicable privacy laws and industry
                                                                                     satisfy our anticipated cash funding requirements in 2026, funding
         standards for cybersecurity. Every year, our employees complete
                                                                                     of dividends on our common shares, repayment of maturing short-
         mandatory privacy, cybersecurity, and Rogers Business Conduct
                                                                                     term borrowings and long-term debt, and other financing and
         Policy training courses, each of which highlights privacy and
                                                                                     investing activities. This takes into account our opening cash
         security responsibilities and practices, as applicable. We review and
                                                                                     balance, cash provided by operating activities, our historically
         enhance content annually for these training programs and we
                                                                                     strong access to capital markets, our intent to unlock value in our
         regularly conduct simulated phishing exercises with our
                                                                                     world-class sports assets (see “MLSE Transaction”), and funds
         employees.
                                                                                     available to us under credit facilities, our receivables securitization
                                                                                     program, our US CP program, and other bank facilities or debt
         Industry groups
                                                                                     issued. As disclosed in “Subsidiary Equity Investment”, there is a
         We participate in several industry groups, associations, and
                                                                                     contractual restriction on the transfer of cash between BNSI and
         committees to promote the importance of privacy and
                                                                                     other group entities. Further, the MLSE minority holder has certain
         cybersecurity, such as the:
                                                                                     protective rights related to the transfer of cash or other assets held
         • Canadian Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee;
                                                                                     by MLSE to Rogers. There are no other significant restrictions on
         • Canadian Marketing Association’s Privacy and Data Committee;
                                                                                     the flow of funds between RCI and its subsidiary companies.
         • Canadian Telecommunications Association’s Privacy and Security
           Committee;                                                                We intend to manage our debt leverage ratio through combined
         • Canadian Anonymization Network; and                                       operational efficiencies, organic growth in adjusted EBITDA,
         • International Association of Privacy Professionals Canadian               proceeds from asset sales and monetizations, equity financing, and
           Advisory Board.                                                           debt repayment, as applicable.

                                                                                     We believe we can satisfy foreseeable additional funding
         Rogers Cybersecure Catalyst
                                                                                     requirements through cash provided by operating activities and
         Through our partnership with Toronto Metropolitan University and
                                                                                     additional financing, which, depending on market conditions,
         the Rogers Cybersecure Catalyst, we help support the Canadian
                                                                                     could include restructuring our existing bank credit and letter of
         cybersecurity ecosystem to strengthen the country’s digital
                                                                                     credit facilities, entering into new bank credit facilities, issuing long-
         economy. Since its launch, the Catalyst has empowered over 7,000
                                                                                     term or short-term debt, amending the terms of our receivables
         individuals and 500 organizations across Canada through
                                                                                     securitization or US CP programs, or issuing equity. We may also
         programs that include comprehensive training and certifications,
                                                                                     opportunistically refinance a portion of existing debt depending on
         innovative programming for start-ups and scale-ups, a
                                                                                     market conditions and other factors. There is no assurance,
         first-of-its-kind cyber range, fellowship programs for academic and
                                                                                     however, that these financing initiatives will or can be done as they
         industry experts, and wide-ranging public education initiatives.
                                                                                     become necessary.

                                                                                     WIDESPREAD SHAREHOLDER BASE AND DIVIDENDS
                                                                                     RCI’s Class B Non-Voting Shares are widely held and actively trade
                                                                                     on the TSX and the NYSE with a combined average daily trading
                                                                                     volume of approximately 3.1 million shares in 2025. In addition,



37   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
RCI’s Class A Voting common shares (Class A Shares) trade on the           • launched our 5th Downie-Wenjack Legacy Space and expanded
TSX. At the discretion of the Board, we pay an equal dividend on             the National Indigenous Journalism Team to amplify Indigenous
both classes of shares. In 2025, each share paid an annualized               voices;
dividend of $2.00.                                                         • promoted education and youth development through Rogers
                                                                             Youth Grants, Jays Care Foundation partnerships, and
SOCIO-ECONOMIC INVESTMENT                                                    collaboration with the First Nations Technical Institute;
Our social impact programs make a meaningful and measurable                • maintained corporate leadership through participation in the
impact in communities across Canada. Working in partnership with             Canadian Council for Indigenous Business and the Corporate
registered charities, non-profit organizations, academic institutions,       Indigenous Relations Committee;
and Indigenous communities, we support programs that help                  • advanced internal reconciliation and learning through the
meet community needs. We invite our employees to join us in                  Indigenous Peoples Network, recognition of significant dates,
making an impact and empower them through employee giving                    and education on MMIWG2S+ issues; and
and volunteering programs.                                                 • upheld environmental collaboration through projects like the
                                                                             Eastern Ontario Regional Network project designed in
In 2025, we drove community benefits across Canada of almost
                                                                             partnership with 4 Directions of Conservation.
$200 million. This includes $114 million directly invested (through
cash and in-kind support), or 1.5% of our pre-tax net income, and
an additional $81 million enabled through the Rogers Charity               ENGAGED PEOPLE
Classic and Jays Care Foundation.                                          For our team of approximately 25,000 employees, we strive to
                                                                           create a great workplace, focusing on all aspects of the employee
With a focus on investments in youth, building climate-resilient           experience, which include:
communities, and economically empowering newcomers and                     • engaging employees and building high-performing teams
equity-deserving Canadians, we are dedicated to doing our part.               through various initiatives;
Some of the highlights of our impact this year include:                    • aiming to attract and retain top talent through effective training
• supporting over 100,000 youth furthest away from opportunities              and development, performance-driven employee recognition
  via educational and employment programs through Rogers                      programs, and career progression programs for front-line
  Youth Grants;                                                               employees;
• delivering corporate Canada’s largest scholarship program;               • maintaining our commitment to diversity and inclusion, including
• planting 100,000 trees in burn zones, in partnership with Tree              through mandatory training for all employees on accessibility
  Canada, to help better protect our forests in the future;                   and Indigenous cultural awareness; and
• launching a First Responders Program with exclusive discounts            • providing a safe, collaborative, and agile workplace that provides
  and special offers to those who are critical in keeping our                 employees the tools and training to be successful.
  communities safe;
• continuing to deliver Connected for Success, a program to                Engaging our employees
  provide more affordable and accessible Internet and wireless             When people feel connected, engaged, and supported, it
  services available to over 2.5 million eligible low-income               strengthens our ability to serve our customers and shareholders
  Canadians;
                                                                           while supporting the broader community as ambassadors of
• enabling Jays Care Foundation programming across Canada
                                                                           Rogers. In 2025, we continued our Employee Listening Program,
  from which over 78,000 children and youth benefited;
                                                                           providing data-driven insights on top strengths and opportunities
• supporting thousands more youth across Alberta through
                                                                           for employee engagement. We survey our employees quarterly to
  $26.6 million raised by the annual Rogers Charity Classic; and
                                                                           measure five key aspects of the employee experience: clarity of
• supporting Canada’s independent film and television producers
                                                                           their role, their confidence in our Executive Leadership Team, their
  through contributions to the Rogers Group of Funds.
                                                                           perceived support from their manager, their sense of inclusion and
We continue our commitment to engage meaningfully with                     belonging, and their likelihood of recommending our products
Indigenous Peoples and communities, enhancing connectivity,                and services. In 2025, 86% of employees said they had the support
strengthening cultural understanding, and supporting the growth            they need to be successful and they are comfortable being
of Indigenous businesses and individuals. These efforts contribute         themselves within their teams.
to lasting progress and reconciliation in Canada. This year, we:
• expanded connectivity solutions for Indigenous communities               Attracting and retaining top talent
   through fibre, wireless, fixed wireless, satellite, and satellite-to-   We are focused on building a strong, inclusive, and diverse team
   mobile technology;                                                      that reflects the communities and customers we serve by providing
• supported Indigenous-owned ISPs and completed major                      competitive, equitable total compensation that considers
   broadband projects, including the Chippewas of Rama                     experience, responsibility, and local market conditions. We also
   connectivity initiative;                                                embed short- and long-term success into our compensation
• continued revenue-sharing broadband partnerships (such as                practices. Our total rewards programs include monetary
   Eskasoni Communications and Seaside Cable) and maintained               compensation, various health-related benefits, and wealth
   tax-exempt billing and preferred pricing for Indigenous                 accumulation programs. We remain committed to supporting
   customers;                                                              employees through every stage of life, including maternity,
• strengthened cultural relationships through national outreach,           adoption, and surrogacy benefits, as well as child and elder care
   powwow participation, youth sports programs, and Indigenous-            services.
   focused conferences;




                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   38
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Our recruitment practices are designed to ensure a structured, fair,    • updating our Self-Identification Questionnaire to align with new
         and respectful evaluation process. This includes applying our             labour board standards and include neurodiversity;
         Indigenous Peoples validation framework and using consistent,           • strengthening accessibility across customer and employee
         structured interview assessments throughout each stage of the             experiences, including the launch of Web Remote to improve
         hiring cycle. In 2025, we hired more than 2,700 new employees,            assistive-technology compatibility and usability;
         both permanent and temporary, and achieved 44% internal talent          • enabling the Pronouns feature in Microsoft Teams to foster
         mobility.                                                                 inclusive communication whereby people are addressed
         At Rogers, we believe our employees are our strongest brand               according to their pronouns;
         ambassadors. Through our Employee Discount Program, team                • introduced Name Pronunciation in Microsoft Office to foster
         members can subscribe to our products and services at exclusive           respect and belonging;
         discounted rates, helping deepen engagement and build pride in          • received external recognition of three Rogers leaders with
         the work we do. We also continue to recognize excellence across           national honours for workplace inclusion: Action in Diversity &
         the organization through the Ted Rogers Awards Program, where             Inclusion (Canadian in-House Counsel Celebration), Diversity &
         up to 100 top performers are honoured annually by our Executive           Inclusion Leader of the Year (Catalyst Inc.), and Leader of the
         Leadership Team for demonstrating our values and delivering               Year (Women in Communications and Technology); and
         outstanding results for our customers, business, and communities.       • celebrating the Pride Season by participating in 13 parades and
                                                                                   festivities nationwide alongside employees, customers, and
         Together, these programs reflect our ongoing commitment to
                                                                                   communities.
         fostering a workplace where employees feel valued, supported,
         and proud to contribute to our shared success.
                                                                                 Creating a safe, inclusive, and future-ready workplace
         Committing to diversity and inclusion                                   In 2025, we continued to strengthen our commitment to building a
         In 2025, we concluded our five-year DEIB strategy that embedded         workplace where safety, collaboration, and agility thrive. We
         a DEIB lens across our business and advanced representation,            designed impactful learning experiences for equity-deserving
         inclusion, and accessibility. Building on this progress, we focused     groups and advanced a culture of inclusivity and belonging across
         on preparing for the launch of our next five-year strategy, Journey     the organization. Our focus extended to developing targeted
         to 2030, which will officially begin in 2026. This new strategy is      leadership programs and immersive workshops that empower
         designed to drive meaningful change for equity-deserving groups         employees to lead with confidence and drive organizational
         through actions tied to our strategic pillars of People, Customer,      success. At the same time, we prioritized building specialized
         and Community. To set the stage for Journey to 2030, we:                technical capabilities, enhancing business readiness, and
         • developed a framework for tailored DEIB plans across                  mitigating security risks, all while keeping employee safety at the
            12 business units, with clear commitments and measurable             forefront. These efforts ensure our teams are equipped with the
            actions;                                                             tools, knowledge, and confidence to excel in an ever-evolving
         • defined governance by assigning executive sponsors, business          workplace. In 2025, we invested $19 million in training and
            leads, and HR leads in each business unit to ensure                  development, laying the foundation for these transformative
            accountability; and                                                  initiatives.
         • established quarterly forums to share progress and best
            practices, fostering transparency and collaboration.
                                                                                 BE THE GROWTH LEADER IN OUR INDUSTRY
         We continued to amplify leadership accountability through
         Diversity Dashboards, providing leaders with insights into team         CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION AND ADAPTATION
         diversity data to inform actions toward representation goals. Key       We remain committed to minimizing our contribution to climate
         initiatives in 2025 included:                                           change and biodiversity loss by managing our energy and
         • publishing our second Accessible Canada Act progress report           associated carbon emissions through targeted investments and
            communicating how we have increased accessibility for our            operational efficiency initiatives to enable a low-carbon transition.
            customers and employees;                                             Our Climate Change Steering Committee provides strategic
         • hosting a hybrid DEIB Summit for diversity group members,             leadership and governs the implementation of our emission
            executive leadership, business unit leaders, and strategic           reduction efforts. To strengthen our climate-related disclosures and
            partners to celebrate enterprise leadership, build capability, and   better monitor the impacts of our efforts, we advanced our tracking
            align next-year priorities;                                          this year to more fully capture annual energy and emissions
         • partnering with OCAD University to deliver a three-part, six-hour     reductions.
            Inclusive Design Workshop series providing actionable strategies
            and tools;                                                           Further, to help strengthen our understanding of climate-related
         • launching the Leadership Learning Series, combining self-             risks and opportunities, we completed a formal Climate Risk
            assessment and online courses for new and aspiring leaders and       Scenario Analysis. This assessment evaluated the potential impacts
            embedding inclusive leadership principles;                           of physical and transition climate risks across multiple scenarios.
         • launching a Black History and Cultural Awareness learning series      The results will inform our strategic planning, guide future
            for all employees, covering the Black Canadian experience from       investment decisions, and enhance our risk management practices.
            historical injustices to present-day challenges and progress, with   By factoring climate risks into our long-term planning, we are
            an 85% completion rate;                                              strengthening our operations and staying prepared for both
         • delivering a six-month Accelerated Development Program to             current and future severe weather events. See our 2025 Climate
            support 25 women senior managers’ careers – six of whom have         Action Report on our website for more information about our
            since been promoted to director roles;                               climate change commitment, action plan, and results.



39   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Our commitment and action plan                                            In 2025, we consumed 5.9 million gigajoules (GJ) of energy,
Building on the progress achieved toward our previous target of           representing a 3% reduction from 2024. When accounting for
reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 25% from a 2011                 continued network growth, our energy use intensity, measured in
baseline, we strengthened our climate commitment in 2024 by               GJ per petabyte of network traffic (GJ/PB), improved significantly,
becoming the first national carrier in Canada to have approved            decreasing by 13%. Compared to 2024, our electricity use
science-based net-zero targets published by the Science Based             (representing 90% of our total energy use) declined by 2% and we
Targets Initiative (SBTi).                                                saw an 8% reduction in natural gas use (representing 5% of our
                                                                          total energy use). Compared to 2019, our energy use increased by
Our current long-term net-zero targets are to reduce absolute
                                                                          7%, while our energy use intensity decreased by 60%.
Scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to net-zero by
2050 compared to 2019. In the short-term, we aim to reduce                Through our decarbonization efforts in 2025, we have achieved
absolute market-based Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50.2% by             reductions of approximately 61 million kWh in energy and 5,300
2030 compared to 2019. We are also targeting to have 80% of our           tonnes of associated GHG emissions. This includes energy-
suppliers by spend set their own science-based targets by 2029.           efficiency upgrades across our buildings, decommissioning of
                                                                          legacy equipment, cooling optimization projects across Cable, and
In pursuit of our net-zero targets, we have reduced our combined
                                                                          implementation of energy efficient Ericsson radio equipment.
Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions by 29% since 2019 and by 9%
from 2024. Against our 2030 goals, we continue to make strong
                                                                          Fleet electrification
progress, achieving a 21% reduction in our market-based Scope 1
                                                                          Our vehicle fleet accounts for 49% of our Scope 1 GHG emissions.
and 2 GHG emissions, including a 2% decrease year over year.
                                                                          To address this, we are committed to maximizing fleet efficiency
Accounting for business growth, our market-based emissions
                                                                          and accelerating our transition to electric, hybrid, and plug-in
intensity, measured in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per
                                                                          hybrid vehicles, while remaining responsive to market conditions. In
petabyte of network traffic (tCO2e/PB), decreased by 12%
                                                                          2025, we deployed 89 advanced vehicles, resulting in fuel savings
compared to last year (71% decrease from 2019). Collectively,
                                                                          of 89,975 litres and an emissions reduction of 209 tonnes. Today,
these annual reductions were driven primarily by lower electricity
                                                                          our fleet includes 287 hybrid, plug-in hybrid, and electric vehicles.
consumption in our owned buildings, favourable declines in
                                                                          For our fuel-consuming vehicles, we leverage telematics to
electricity grid emission factors in Alberta, New Brunswick, and
                                                                          optimize performance, enhance efficiency, and retire aging,
Nova Scotia, and decarbonization efforts (see below). Specific to
                                                                          underperforming vehicles in favour of high-efficiency alternatives.
our applicable Scope 3 emissions, which account for 91% of our
total footprint, our 2025 results reflect a decrease of 30% since
2019 (a 9% decrease from 2024).                                           Renewable energy
                                                                          Transitioning to renewable energy is critical to reaching net-zero.
To support our science-based targets, meet stakeholder                    Our approach is designed to strengthen long-term energy
expectations, and manage our climate risks and opportunities, we          resilience and remain aligned with evolving electricity markets
have established four carbon net-zero focus areas that guide our          across Canada. We are also investing in renewable electricity
actions and investments:                                                  solutions that reduce our electricity use and our reliance on fossil
     1. improving energy efficiency across our business;                  fuel backup power. This strategy combines on-site renewable
     2. continuing the transition of our fleet to electric, plug-in       energy generation that delivers direct and measurable emissions
         hybrid, and hybrid vehicles where operationally feasible,        reductions, long-term contractual renewable sourcing through our
         building on progress to date;                                    virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA), and ongoing
     3. expanding our use of renewable energy; and                        monitoring of provincial electricity grid emissions intensity, to help
     4. integrating climate-related considerations, including             direct capital allocation, energy efficiency investments, and risk
         suppliers’ publicly stated low-carbon commitments and            mitigation actions. The VPPA is a derivative instrument; see
         science-based targets, into our procurement governance           “Financial Risk Management” for more information.
         and purchasing decisions over time.
                                                                          In 2025, we advanced our transition to renewable energy through
Annually, we conduct a comprehensive analysis of our GHG                  our VPPA, securing the environmental attributes of approximately
emissions to measure our Scope 1, 2, and relevant Scope 3 GHG             58,000 MWh annually, representing 38% of the facility’s
emissions to give us a clear understanding of our emissions profile       generation, and an estimated 29,000 tonnes of GHG emissions
and performance, provide insights that guide our strategic                avoided over the life of the agreement. We continue to operate
planning, and assist in prioritizing our emissions-reduction efforts      small scale renewable energy projects across several transmission
aligned with our long-term net-zero pathway.                              towers in Northern Ontario, Alberta, and Saskatchewan. In 2025,
                                                                          we launched a solar pilot program utilizing transmission site ice
Energy efficiency                                                         guard rooftops to offset grid electricity use, with a larger proof of
Many of our facilities support energy-intensive broadcasting,             concept planned for 2026 to evaluate scalability across eligible
production, and television and radio network operations, alongside        wireless sites.
the continued expansion of our wireless and cable networks across
Canada. These activities require significant and reliable power,          Supply chain engagement
making energy optimization essential to the long-term success,            We continue to strengthen how sustainability is embedded across
resilience, and sustainability of our business. To address this, we are   our value chain. As we advance our net-zero strategy, we are
prioritizing energy efficiency across our operations as a primary         enhancing expectations for responsible sourcing, increasing
focus towards our emissions-reduction strategy.                           visibility into supplier performance, and identifying opportunities to



                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   40
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         collaborate on emissions reductions and operational efficiencies. In          Health Toolkit, and creating videos for employees on stress relief
         2025, we strengthened SSI integration across sourcing and                     and de-escalation techniques.
         governance by enhancing supplier oversight and embedding
         stronger sustainability criteria into our procurement processes. We         Our comprehensive well-being offerings include:
         increased SSI weighting within our sourcing templates to prioritize         • mental health support, including an employee and family
         suppliers with public emissions-reduction commitments. Our                    assistance program in partnership with Homewood Health, and
         Supplier Code of Conduct requires suppliers to implement                      generous mental health coverage for all employees;
         programs that reduce environmental impacts, including cutting               • physical health programs, including continued access to Maple
         carbon emissions through science-based targets, improving                     Virtual Health, in-person gym services, and initiatives to raise
         energy efficiency, and other environmental criteria.                          awareness of corporate health programs;
                                                                                     • inclusive healthcare benefits, including adoption and surrogacy
         SAFETY, WELL-BEING, AND LABOUR RELATIONS                                      benefits and wellness credits for all employees; and
         Through navigating change, empowering safety leadership,                    • financial benefits, including opportunities to participate in our
         elevating emergency readiness, and promoting well-being, we are               pension plan and employee share accumulation plan (ESAP),
         helping our employees remain safe, healthy, and resilient. We                 group registered retirement savings plan (RRSP), and group
         follow all applicable labour laws in Canada.                                  tax-free savings account (TFSA) programs with elements of
                                                                                       employer matching for contributions made by employees.
         Enhancing safety management
         We are committed to the health and safety of our employees and              Through these initiatives, we remain committed to creating a
         contractors and preventing injury and illness. In 2025, we                  workplace where every employee can thrive mentally, physically,
         completed an external audit validating the Certificate of                   socially, and financially.
         Recognition for our health and safety program in our Western
         Canada field operations team. We also undertook internal audits to          PROCUREMENT AND SUPPLIER MANAGEMENT
         identify opportunities for improvement, implement corrective                In 2025, our Procurement and Supply Chain team advanced
         actions, and strengthen field safety. In 2025, we continued to              responsible sourcing by further embedding SSI rigour into our
         enhance our contractor safety management program, including a               sourcing practices and governance frameworks. Building on prior
         new robust pre-qualification process. We continue to provide                enhancements to our Supplier Code of Conduct and Ethical
         extensive safety training for our frontline staff, delivered in a variety   Procurement Practices (EPP) survey, we strengthened compliance
         of formats, whether instructor-led, interactive web-based, field-level      expectations and increased transparency across our global supplier
         practical training, virtual reality, or using other tools.                  base.

         To ensure our locations are prepared for emergencies, additional            Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines the ethical conduct, anti-
         employees were trained in first aid and automated external                  bribery practices, labour standards, and environmental, health, and
         defibrillators (AEDs) were installed. Further, all buildings and fleet      safety management we expect from our partners. It prohibits
         vehicles continue to be equipped with first aid kits. We have added         forced and child labour, mandates adherence to wage and
         new technology-based tools to conduct inspections, deliver                  workweek regulations, and aligns with international human rights
         training, and provide chemical safety information and learning              standards, including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
         resources.                                                                  and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
                                                                                     These principles continue to guide our approach to identifying and
         Supporting well-being                                                       mitigating human rights risks across our supply chain. To support
         Focusing on our pillars of mental, physical, social, and financial          this work, we conduct annual EPP survey monitoring, hold regular
         health, we have made well-being a clear organizational priority and         business reviews, and leverage a dedicated third-party risk
         we are committed to embedding a holistic strategy to support our            monitoring tool.
         people leaders and employees with a dedicated team to continue
                                                                                     In 2025, we strengthened SSI responsible sourcing criteria within
         momentum. Our approach aims to ensure employees and their
                                                                                     our templates, introducing preferential scoring for suppliers that
         families have access to best-in-class programs, resources, tools, and
                                                                                     demonstrate public emissions-reduction commitments and
         benefits designed to foster overall well-being. In 2025, we
                                                                                     maintain diverse and inclusive supply chains. We also updated the
         expanded our efforts with several key initiatives, including:
                                                                                     EPP survey for 2026 with (i) North American Industry Classification
         • hosting nationwide wellness talks, delivering engaging sessions
                                                                                     System (NAICS) mapping and corrective action protocols,
           for employees focused on promoting mental and physical health
                                                                                     (ii) engaged Tier 1 suppliers on per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances
           awareness and practical strategies for well-being;
                                                                                     (PFAS), the Federal Plastics Registry (FPR), and Modern Slavery
         • acknowledging wealth and well-being month in October, during
                                                                                     requirements, and (iii) deployed a third-party risk monitoring
           which we hosted onsite fairs and educational sessions, creating
                                                                                     platform with dashboards enabling real-time visibility into SSI-
           opportunities for employees to learn about financial, mental, and
                                                                                     related risks. These metrics were embedded into contracts and
           physical health, and the benefits and resources available through
                                                                                     supplier scorecards to reinforce accountability and support our
           Rogers;
                                                                                     multi-year strategy to improve Scope 3 data quality and meet
         • launching a new Total Rewards platform, a centralized webpage
                                                                                     evolving regulatory expectations. This includes our goal for 80% of
           consolidating our health and well-being offerings, making it
                                                                                     suppliers (by spend) to commit to emissions reductions and SBTi
           easier for employees to access programs and benefits; and
                                                                                     targets by 2029.
         • supporting our customer care team through mental health
           training for people leaders, developing a Manager Mental



41   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
In 2025, we partnered with suppliers in 47 countries, with               modern slavery risk identification, diversity and inclusion, policy and
approximately 90% headquartered in Canada and 8% in the                  contract language updates, and Supplier Code of Conduct
United States. We continued to prioritize removing procurement           compliance. These sessions were supported by practical guidance
barriers for diverse and small-to-medium enterprise suppliers,           on risk monitoring tools and corrective action protocols to ensure
engaging directly with 187 certified diverse suppliers and investing     teams are equipped to uphold Rogers standards and regulatory
$190 million in their products and services. To further build capacity   obligations.
and strengthen supplier relationships, we launched the Diverse
                                                                         Through these initiatives, we continue to strengthen socially
Supplier Mentorship Program, which connects diverse suppliers
                                                                         responsible sourcing and climate leadership. By embedding SSI
with our business units and provides guidance on risk mitigation,
                                                                         principles into procurement policies, contract language, and
scaling operations, and developing strong capability statements,
                                                                         governance frameworks, and reinforcing these expectations
pitch materials, and RFx responses for national organizations.
                                                                         through our Supplier Code of Conduct and targeted training, we
To reinforce procurement expectations and embed SSI principles           enhance accountability across our supply chain. These actions
into day-to-day practices, we delivered targeted training in 2025,       support our commitment to managing human rights and
including a company-wide module, Your Role When Working with             environmental risks, promoting transparency, and enabling
Suppliers, to raise awareness of procurement policies, ethical           opportunities for diverse suppliers. Together, they help build long-
sourcing obligations, and employee responsibilities when                 term resilience and sustainable value as we advance toward our
engaging with suppliers. For Procurement team members, we                Scope 3 and supplier diversity objectives.
introduced micro-trainings and information sessions focused on




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   42
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         2025 Financial Results
         See “Accounting Policies” in this MD&A and the notes to our 2025                          competitors. Many of these are not defined terms under IFRS and
         Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for important                                   should not be considered alternative measures to net income or
         accounting policies and estimates as they relate to the following                         any other financial measure of performance under IFRS. See “Key
         discussion.                                                                               Performance Indicators” and “Non-GAAP and Other Financial
                                                                                                   Measures” for more information.
         We use several key performance indicators to measure our
         performance against our strategy and the results of our peers and


         SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                       Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except margins and per share amounts)                                                                                2025           2024      % Chg
         Revenue
             Wireless                                                                                                                                 10,715         10,595           1
             Cable                                                                                                                                     7,868          7,876           –
             Media                                                                                                                                     3,288          2,242          47
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                                                              (159)          (109)         46
         Revenue                                                                                                                                      21,712         20,604            5
         Total service revenue 1                                                                                                                      19,104         18,066            6
         Adjusted EBITDA
             Wireless                                                                                                                                  5,364          5,312           1
             Cable                                                                                                                                     4,585          4,518           1
             Media                                                                                                                                       241             88         174
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                                                              (370)          (301)         23
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                                              9,820          9,617            2
         Adjusted EBITDA margin                                                                                                                       45.2%          46.7%     (1.5 pts)


         Net income                                                                                                                                    6,906          1,734        n/m
              Net income attributable to RCI shareholders                                                                                              6,894          1,734        n/m
         Earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders:
              Basic                                                                                                                               $ 12.77        $     3.25        n/m
              Diluted                                                                                                                             $ 12.74        $     3.20        n/m

         Adjusted net income 2                                                                                                                         2,720          2,719            –
             Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders 2                                                                                    2,721          2,719            –
         Adjusted earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders 2:
             Basic                                                                                                                                $     5.04     $     5.09           (1)
             Diluted                                                                                                                              $     5.02     $     5.04            –


         Capital expenditures                                                                                                                          3,707          4,041          (8)
         Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                                         6,059          5,680           7
         Free cash flow                                                                                                                                3,356          3,045          10
         1   As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
         2   Adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders are non-GAAP ratios. Adjusted net income and adjusted net income attributable to RCI
             shareholders (a component of adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share) are non-GAAP financial measures. These are not standardized financial measures under
             IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information about these
             measures.




43   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
WIRELESS




                                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                          REVENUE
                                                                                          Our revenue depends on the size of our subscriber base, the
ROGERS IS CANADA’S LARGEST PROVIDER OF                                                    revenue per user, the revenue from the sale of wireless devices, and
WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES                                                          other equipment revenue.

As at December 31, 2025, we had:                                                          Service revenue
• approximately 12.2 million wireless mobile phone subscribers;                           Service revenue includes revenue derived from voice and data
  and                                                                                     services from:
• approximately one-third subscriber and revenue share of the                             • postpaid and prepaid monthly fees;
  Canadian wireless market.                                                               • roaming and other usage-based charges; and
                                                                                          • certain other fees and charges.
WIRELESS FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                                Service revenue was in line with the prior year, as the growth in our
                                                         Years ended December 31          mobile phone subscriber base was offset by heightened
(In millions of dollars, except margins)                   2025       2024     % Chg      competitive intensity and our evolving mobile phone plans that
Revenue                                                                                   increasingly bundle more services in the monthly service fee.
    Service revenue                                       8,030       8,041          –
    Equipment revenue                                     2,573       2,487          3    The decrease in total gross and net additions this year was a result
      Revenue from external customers                    10,603     10,528           1    of a less active market, slowing population growth as a result of
      Service revenue from internal customers               112         67          67    changes to government immigration policies, and our focus on
Revenue                                                  10,715     10,595           1    attracting subscribers to our premium 5G Rogers brand.
Operating expenses
    Cost of equipment                                     2,469       2,489         (1)
    Other operating expenses                              2,882       2,794          3    Equipment revenue
Operating expenses                                        5,351       5,283          1    Equipment revenue includes revenue from sales of mobile devices
Adjusted EBITDA                                           5,364       5,312          1    to subscribers through fulfillment by Wireless’ customer service
                                                                                          groups, websites, telesales, corporate stores, and independent
Adjusted EBITDA margin 1                                 65.9%       65.5%     0.4 pts
Capital expenditures                                     1,471       1,596          (8)   dealers, agents, and retailers.
1   Calculated using service revenue.                                                     The 3% increase in equipment revenue this year was a result of:
                                                                                          • higher device upgrades by existing customers;
WIRELESS SUBSCRIBER RESULTS 1                                                             • a continued shift in the product mix towards higher-value
                                                                                            devices; and
                                                         Years ended December 31          • disciplined pricing in highly competitive selling periods; partially
(In thousands, except churn and
mobile phone ARPU)                                        2025       2024         Chg       offset by
Postpaid mobile phone                                                                     • a decrease in new subscribers purchasing devices.
    Gross additions                                      1,591       1,914     (323)
    Net additions                                          145         380     (235)
    Total postpaid mobile phone subscribers 2,3         10,995      10,768      227       OPERATING EXPENSES
    Churn (monthly)                                      1.11%       1.21% (0.10 pts)     We record operating expenses in two categories:
Prepaid mobile phone 2,3                                                                  • the cost of wireless devices and equipment; and
    Gross additions                                        509         534         (25)
    Net additions                                          100         132         (32)   • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations, to service
    Total prepaid mobile phone subscribers 2,3           1,200       1,106          94      existing subscriber relationships, and to attract new subscribers.
    Churn (monthly)                                                              (0.18
                                                        2.99%   3.17%              pts)   The 1% decrease in the cost of equipment this year was a result of:
Mobile phone ARPU (monthly) 4                         $ 56.42 $ 57.98           ($1.56)
                                                                                          • a decrease in new subscribers purchasing devices; partially offset
1 Subscriber counts and subscriber churn are key performance indicators. See “Key           by
  Performance Indicators”.                                                                • higher device upgrades by existing customers; and
2 As at end of period.

3 Effective April 1, 2025, and on a prospective basis, we adjusted our mobile phone
                                                                                          • a continued shift in the product mix towards higher-value
  subscriber bases to add 96,000 postpaid subscribers and 5,000 prepaid subscribers         devices.
  associated with the completion of the migration of customers from brands we had
  previously stopped selling. We believe this adjustment more meaningfully reflects the
                                                                                          The 3% increase in other operating expenses this year was primarily
  underlying organic subscriber performance of our mobile phone business.                 a result of:
  This year, 14,000 postpaid mobile phone and 11,000 prepaid mobile phone                 • higher service costs; and
  customers impacted by the ongoing decommissioning of our 3G network have been           • costs associated with the launch of our new satellite-to-mobile
  excluded from our customer base and churn metrics above.
4 Mobile phone ARPU is a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and
                                                                                             product offering.
  Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.
                                                                                          ADJUSTED EBITDA
                                                                                          The 1% increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
                                                                                          revenue and expense changes discussed above.




                                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   44
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         CABLE                                                                                      REVENUE
                                                                                                    Service revenue
         ONE OF CANADA’S LEADING PROVIDERS OF HIGH-                                                 Service revenue includes revenue derived from:
         SPEED INTERNET, CABLE TELEVISION, AND PHONE                                                • monthly subscription and additional use service revenue from
                                                                                                      residential, small business, enterprise, public sector, and
         SERVICES
                                                                                                      wholesale Internet access subscribers;
         As at December 31, 2025, we had:                                                           • monthly service revenue from our home monitoring products;
         • approximately 4.5 million retail Internet subscribers;                                   • modem, television set-top box, and other equipment rental fees;
         • approximately 4.9 million total customer relationships; and                              • IPTV, digital cable, and direct-to-home satellite services, such as:
         • a network passing approximately 10.5 million homes across                                  • basic service fees;
           Canada.                                                                                    • tier service fees;
                                                                                                      • access fees for use of channel capacity by third parties; and
                                                                                                      • premium and specialty service subscription fees, including
         CABLE FINANCIAL RESULTS
                                                                                                          pay-per-view service fees and video-on-demand service fees;
                                                                   Years ended December 31          • monthly service fees;
         (In millions of dollars, except margins)                    2025       2024     % Chg      • calling features, such as voicemail, call waiting, and caller ID; and
         Revenue                                                                                    • long distance calling.
             Service revenue                                        7,765      7,750           –
             Equipment revenue                                         35         51         (31)   Cable service revenue this year was in line with the prior year,
              Revenue from external customers                       7,800      7,801           –    primarily as a result of retail Internet subscriber growth and base
              Service revenue from internal customers                  68         75          (9)   management activity, offset by continued competitive promotional
         Revenue                                                    7,868      7,876           –    activity and declines in our Home Phone and Video subscriber
         Operating expenses
             Cost of equipment                                         27         51         (47)   bases. The lower ARPA this year was primarily a result of continued
             Other operating expenses                               3,256      3,307          (2)   competitive promotional activity.
         Operating expenses                                         3,283      3,358          (2)
         Adjusted EBITDA                                            4,585      4,518           1    Equipment revenue
         Adjusted EBITDA margin                                     58.3%     57.4%      0.9 pts
                                                                                                    Equipment revenue includes revenue generated from the sale of
         Capital expenditures                                       1,803     1,939           (7)   television set-top boxes, Internet modems and other equipment,
                                                                                                    and home monitoring equipment.

         CABLE SUBSCRIBER RESULTS 1
                                                                                                    OPERATING EXPENSES
                                                                   Years ended December 31          We record Cable operating expenses in three categories:
         (In thousands, except ARPA and
         penetration)                                              2025         2024        Chg     • the cost of programming;
         Homes passed 2                                          10,514       10,205        309     • the cost of equipment revenue (including home monitoring
         Customer relationships                                                                       equipment); and
             Net additions                                          51            47           4    • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations, to service
             Total customer relationships 2,3                    4,856         4,683        173
         ARPA (monthly) 4                                      $136.30       $140.12     ($3.82)      and retain existing subscriber relationships, and to attract new
         Penetration 2                                           46.2%         45.9%     0.3 pts      subscribers.
         Retail Internet
             Net additions                                          100          111        (11)
                                                                                                    The 2% decrease in operating expenses this year was a result of
             Total retail Internet subscribers 2,3                4,497        4,273        224     ongoing cost efficiency initiatives, partially offset by increased costs
         Video                                                                                      associated with marketing and advertising activities.
             Net losses                                            (114)        (134)         20
             Total Video subscribers 2                            2,503        2,617        (114)
         Home Monitoring                                                                            ADJUSTED EBITDA
             Net additions                                           20           44         (24)   The 1% increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
             Total Home Monitoring subscribers 2                    153          133          20
         Home Phone
                                                                                                    revenue and expense changes described above.
             Net losses                                            (118)        (122)          4
             Total Home Phone subscribers 2                       1,389        1,507        (118)   OTHER CABLE DEVELOPMENTS
         1 Subscriber results are key performance indicators. See “Key Performance Indicators”.     This year, we sold our customer-facing data centre business to
         2 As at end of period.
         3 Effective April 1, 2025, and on a prospective basis, we added 122,000 customer           InfraRed Capital Partners for total proceeds of $184 million,
           relationships and 124,000 retail Internet subscribers to reflect the completion of the   resulting in a gain on sale of $69 million. The transaction did not
           migration of subscribers from legacy Fido Internet plans that we had previously          include our corporate data centres used for our own network and
           removed when we stopped selling new plans for this service. Given this, we believe
           this adjustment more meaningfully reflects the underlying organic subscriber             IT purposes.
           performance of our retail Internet business.
         4 ARPA is a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial

           Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.




45   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
MEDIA




                                                                                                                                                  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                        The 47% increase in revenue this year was primarily a result of:
                                                                        • revenue from MLSE following the MLSE Transaction;
DIVERSIFIED CANADIAN MEDIA COMPANY                                      • higher sports-related revenue due to the success of the NHL
                                                                          playoffs and the postseason success of the Toronto Blue Jays;
We have a broad portfolio of media properties, which most                 and
significantly includes:                                                 • higher advertising and subscriber revenue related to the January
• sports media and entertainment, such as Sportsnet                       2025 launch of the Warner Bros. Discovery suite of channels;
  (Canada’s number-one sports media brand), the Toronto                   partially offset by
  Blue Jays, and the Rogers Centre event venue;                         • lower entertainment-related revenue, including the impact of the
• effective July 1, 2025 with the closing of the MLSE                     Taylor Swift Eras Tour concerts hosted at Rogers Centre in the
  Transaction, a controlling 75% ownership interest in MLSE,              prior year.
  which owns the Toronto Maple Leafs, the Toronto Raptors,
  and other teams and event venues;                                     OPERATING EXPENSES
• our exclusive national NHL Agreement, which was extended              We record Media operating expenses in four primary categories:
  this year to run through the 2037-2038 season;                        • the cost of broadcast content, including sports programming
• category-leading television and radio broadcasting                      and production;
  properties; and                                                       • player compensation;
• digital media.                                                        • the cost of retail products sold; and
                                                                        • all other expenses involved in day-to-day operations.
MEDIA FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                 The 41% increase in operating expenses this year was a result of:
                                            Years ended December 31     • costs incurred by MLSE following the MLSE Transaction;
                                                                        • higher programming costs, including those related to the launch
(In millions of dollars, except margins)      2025   2024    % Chg
                                                                          of the Warner Bros. Discovery suite of channels; and
Revenue from external customers              2,997   1,973       52     • higher Toronto Blue Jays expenses, including player payroll and
Revenue from internal customers                291     269        8       game day-related costs.
Revenue                                      3,288   2,242       47
Operating expenses                           3,047   2,154       41     ADJUSTED EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA                                241      88      174     The 174% increase in adjusted EBITDA this year was a result of the
Adjusted EBITDA margin                        7.3%   3.9%    3.4 pts
                                                                        revenue and expense changes described above.
Capital expenditures                           206    259        (20)


REVENUE
Media revenue is earned from:
• advertising sales across its television, radio, and digital media
  properties;
• subscriptions to televised and OTT products;
• ticket sales, fund redistribution and other distributions from
  major sports leagues, and concession sales.




                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   46
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                                                                   WIRELESS
                                                                                                The decrease in capital expenditures in Wireless this year was due
         Capital expenditures are significant and have a material impact on                     to the recognition of capital efficiencies. We remain committed to
         our cash flows; therefore, our management teams focus on                               expanding and enhancing our wireless network through continued
         planning, funding, and managing them. Capital expenditures                             strategic investments in network development and 5G
         include costs associated with acquiring property, plant and                            deployment. We are actively deploying advanced spectrum assets,
         equipment and placing it into service. The telecommunications                          including the ongoing rollout of 3500 MHz spectrum and the
         business requires extensive and continual investments, including                       commencement of 3800 MHz spectrum deployment. These
         investment in new technologies and the expansion of capacity and                       investments build on our existing 5G infrastructure in the 600 MHz
         geographical reach. Expenditures related to the acquisition of                         spectrum band, enabling greater speed, lower latency, and
         spectrum licences and additions to right-of-use assets are not                         improved reliability for customers across urban and rural areas.
         included in capital expenditures and do not factor into the
         calculation of free cash flow or capital intensity. See “Managing our                  CABLE
         Liquidity and Financial Resources”, “Key Performance Indicators”,                      The decrease in capital expenditures in Cable this year was due to
         and “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more                                   capital efficiencies and a greater proportion of our Cable
         information.                                                                           subscriber additions choosing to self-install their new products. We
         We believe this measure best reflects our cost of property, plant                      are growing our network through expanded fibre deployments to
         and equipment in a given period and is a simpler measure for                           increase our FTTH distribution and to extend our service footprint.
         comparing between periods.                                                             At the same time, we are enhancing our network by upgrading our
                                                                                                DOCSIS 3.1 platform as we transition to DOCSIS 4.0 to improve
         (In millions of dollars, except capital             Years ended December 31            network resilience, stability, and capacity while delivering faster
         intensity)                                             2025       2024     % Chg       speeds. As part of this upgrade, we are rolling out mid-split
                                                                                                technology (which has a greater number of frequencies than older
              Wireless                                         1,471      1,596           (8)
                                                                                                technology and also allocates a greater number of frequencies to
              Cable                                            1,803      1,939           (7)
              Media                                              206        259          (20)
                                                                                                uploading data) in Ontario and Eastern Canada, significantly
              Corporate                                          227        247           (8)   increasing upload speeds. These advancements leverage the latest
                                                                                                technologies to provide greater bandwidth, improved
         Capital expenditures 1                                3,707      4,041           (8)   performance, and an enhanced customer experience as we
         Capital intensity 2                                   17.1%      19.6%     (2.5 pts)   advance our connected home roadmap.
         1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition
           and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum        MEDIA
           licences, additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business      The decrease in capital expenditures in Media this year was
           combinations.                                                                        primarily a result of lower stadium infrastructure expenditures
         2 Capital intensity is a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other

           Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.
                                                                                                associated with the Rogers Centre modernization project in the
                                                                                                prior year, partially offset by higher MLSE expenditures made to
         One of our objectives is to build the biggest and best networks in                     revitalize Scotiabank Arena.
         the country, while also focusing on recognizing capital efficiencies.
         We continue to expand the reach and capacity of our 5G network                         CAPITAL INTENSITY
         across the country. We also continue to invest in fibre deployments,                   Capital intensity decreased this year as a result of the revenue and
         including fibre-to-the-home (FTTH), in our cable network and we                        capital expenditure changes discussed above.
         are expanding our network footprint to reach more homes and
         businesses, including in rural, remote, and Indigenous
         communities. These investments will strengthen network resilience
         and stability and will help us bridge the digital divide by expanding
         our network further into rural and underserved areas through
         participation in various programs and projects.




47   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
REVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED PERFORMANCE




                                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                        The Shaw Transaction integration-related costs in 2024 and 2025
                                                                        consisted of incremental costs supporting integration activities
This section discusses our net income and other expenses that do        related to the Shaw Transaction.
not form part of the segment discussions above.

                                             Years ended December 31    FINANCE COSTS
(In millions of dollars)                       2025   2024    % Chg                                                        Years ended December 31
Adjusted EBITDA                           9,820 9,617             2     (In millions of dollars)                              2025       2024        % Chg
Deduct (add):
                                                                        Interest on borrowings, net 1                        1,954       2,022             (3)
    Depreciation and amortization         4,802 4,616              4
                                                                        Interest on lease liabilities                          147         137              7
    Restructuring, acquisition and other    439   406              8
    Finance costs                         2,043 2,295            (11)   Interest on post-employment benefits                      (5)        (5)            –
    Other income                         (5,021)   (6)          n/m     Gain on redemption of long-term
                                                                           debt 2                                             (151)            –        n/m
    Gain on disposition of data centres     (69)    –           n/m
    Income tax expense                      720   572             26    (Gain) loss on foreign exchange                         (45)       222          n/m
                                                                        Change in fair value of derivative
Net income                                    6,906   1,734     n/m        instruments                                           17       (205)         n/m
                                                                        Change in fair value of subsidiary
ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                            equity derivative instruments 3                      (9)          –          n/m
See “Key Changes in Financial Results Year Over Year” for a             Capitalized interest                                   (30)        (36)          (17)
discussion of the increase in adjusted EBITDA this year.                Deferred transaction costs and other                   165         160             3
                                                                        Total finance costs                                  2,043       2,295           (11)
DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION                                           1 Interest on borrowings, net includes interest on short-term borrowings and on long-
                                                                          term debt.
                                             Years ended December 31    2 Reflects the net gain on the redemption of long-term debt purchased in 2025 (see


(In millions of dollars)                       2025   2024    % Chg       “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more information).
                                                                        3 Reflects the change in fair value of derivatives entered into related to the network

Depreciation of property, plant and                                       transaction (see “Financial Risk Management” for more information). This amount is
 equipment                                    3,790   3,665       3       removed from the calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income
                                                                          attributable to RCI shareholders (see below).
Depreciation of right-of-use assets             455     408      12
Amortization                                    557     543       3     The 11% decrease in finance costs this year was primarily a result of
Total depreciation and amortization           4,802   4,616       4     the $151 million gain on repayment of long-term debt. See
                                                                        “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more
                                                                        information.
RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER
                                                                        Foreign exchange and change in fair value of derivative instruments
                                             Years ended December 31    We recognized $45 million in net foreign exchange gains in 2025
(In millions of dollars)                       2025   2024    % Chg     (2024 – $222 million in net losses). These gains were primarily
                                                                        attributed to our $6 billion term loan facility, our non-revolving
Restructuring, acquisition and other                                    credit facility, and our US CP program borrowings.
  excluding Shaw Transaction
  integration-related costs                     350     276      27     These foreign exchange gains were offset by the $17 million loss
Shaw Transaction integration-related                                    related to the change in fair value of derivatives
  costs                                          89     130      (32)   (2024 – $205 million gain) that was primarily attributed to the debt
                                                                        derivatives, which were not designated as hedges for accounting
Total restructuring, acquisition and other      439     406       8     purposes, we used to substantially offset the foreign exchange risk
                                                                        related to these US dollar-denominated borrowings.
The restructuring, acquisition and other costs excluding the Shaw
Transaction integration-related costs in 2024 and 2025 include          See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more
severance and other departure-related costs associated with the         information about our debt and related finance costs.
targeted restructuring of our employee base, costs related to
closing the MLSE Transaction, and costs related to real estate          OTHER INCOME
rationalization programs. In 2025, the costs also include expenses      The other income this year primarily reflects a $5 billion non-cash
directly related to completing the network transaction and an           gain to recognize our existing interest in MLSE at fair value, which
unfavourable regulatory decision related to retransmission of           was required as a result of the MLSE Transaction.
distant signals (see “Regulation in our Industry” for more
information).




                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                |   48
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                                        ADJUSTED NET INCOME
         Below is a summary of the difference between income tax expense           Adjusted net income was in line with the prior year.
         computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income
                                                                                                                                       Years ended December 31
         before income tax expense and the actual income tax expense for           (In millions of dollars, except per
         the year.                                                                 share amounts)                                         2025         2024       % Chg

                                                      Years ended December 31      Adjusted EBITDA                                       9,820        9,617              2
                                                                                   Deduct (add):
         (In millions of dollars, except tax rates)             2025       2024
                                                                                       Depreciation and amortization 1                   3,973        3,699             7
         Statutory income tax rate                          26.2%         26.2%        Finance costs 2                                   2,203        2,295            (4)
         Income before income tax expense                   7,626         2,306        Other income 3                                      (45)          (6)         n/m
                                                                                       Income tax expense 4                                969          910             6
         Computed income tax expense                        1,998           604
         Increase (decrease) in income tax                                         Adjusted net income                                   2,720        2,719              –
           expense resulting from:                                                 Adjusted net income attributable to
              Non-taxable gain on revaluation of                                     RCI shareholders                                    2,721        2,719              –
                MLSE investment                             (1,304)           –
                                                                                   Adjusted earnings per share
              Non-deductible (taxable) stock-
                                                                                     attributable to RCI shareholders:
                based compensation                               11         (13)
                                                                                        Basic                                          $ 5.04        $ 5.09             (1)
              Non-taxable portion of capital
                                                                                        Diluted                                        $ 5.02        $ 5.04              –
                gains                                             (9)         –
              Unrealized capital losses for which                                  1 Depreciation and amortization excludes depreciation and amortization on the fair
                no deferred tax asset is                                             value increment recognized on acquisition of Shaw Transaction-related property,
                                                                                     plant and equipment and intangible assets. For purposes of calculating adjusted net
                recognized                                       42           –      income, we believe the magnitude of this depreciation and amortization, which was
              Recognition of previously                                              significantly affected by the size of the Shaw Transaction, may have no correlation to
                unrecognized capital loss                                            our current and ongoing operating results and affects comparability between certain
                carryforwards                                    (10)         –      periods. Depreciation and amortization excludes depreciation and amortization on
                                                                                     Shaw Transaction-related property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of
              Other items                                         (8)       (19)
                                                                                     $829 million (2024—$917 million). Adjusted net income includes depreciation and
         Total income tax expense                               720         572      amortization on the acquired Shaw property, plant and equipment and intangible
                                                                                     assets based on Shaw’s historical cost and depreciation policies.
         Effective income tax rate                              9.4%      24.8%    2 Finance costs exclude the $151 million gain on repayment of long-term debt in 2025.

         Cash income taxes paid                                  700        545      Finance costs also exclude the $9 million change in fair value of subsidiary equity
                                                                                     derivative instruments in 2025. Effective 2025 and as a result of closing the network
                                                                                     transaction, we believe removing this amount more accurately reflects our ongoing
         Our effective income tax rate this year was 9.4% compared to                operational results as these derivative instruments economically hedge the foreign
         24.8% for 2024. In 2025, our effective income tax rate was lower            exchange impacts of the network transaction but they are not eligible to be
         than the statutory income tax rate as a result of the non-taxable           accounted for as hedges in accordance with IFRS. See “Financial Risk
         gain on revaluation of MLSE investment. In 2024, our effective              Management—Subsidiary equity derivatives” for more details on these derivative
                                                                                     instruments.
         income tax rate was lower than the statutory income tax rate as a         3 Other income excludes a $4,976 million gain on revaluation of our existing

         result of non-taxable stock-based compensation and changes in               investment in MLSE as a result of the MLSE Transaction.
         prior year estimates.                                                     4 Income tax expense excludes a $249 million recovery (2024 – $338 million recovery)

                                                                                     for the year ended December 31, 2025 related to the income tax impact for adjusted
                                                                                     items.
         NET INCOME
         Net income was higher than last year. See “Key Changes in                 Effective 2025, as a result of the closing of the network transaction,
         Financial Results Year Over Year” for more information.                   we introduced a new non-GAAP measure—adjusted net income
                                                                                   attributable to RCI shareholders. In addition to the adjustments
                                                      Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except per                                       applied to net income to calculate adjusted net income, adjusted
         share amounts)                                 2025       2024   % Chg    net income attributable to RCI shareholders further adjusts net
                                                                                   income attributable to RCI shareholders by removing the impacts
         Net income                                    6,906      1,734    n/m
                                                                                   of foreign exchange revaluation within BNSI as the subsidiary equity
         Net income attributable to RCI
                                                                                   derivatives we have entered into economically and effectively
           shareholders                                6,894      1,734    n/m
                                                                                   hedge our foreign exchange exposures arising from the
         Basic earnings per share attributable
                                                                                   investment.
           to RCI shareholders                        $ 12.77    $ 3.25    n/m
         Diluted earnings per share
           attributable to RCI shareholders           $ 12.74    $ 3.20    n/m     EMPLOYEES
                                                                                   Employee salaries and benefits represent a material portion of our
                                                                                   expenses. As at December 31, 2025, we had approximately
                                                                                   25,000 employees (2024 – 24,000) across all of our operating
                                                                                   groups, including shared services and the corporate office. Total
                                                                                   salaries and benefits for full-time and part-time employees in 2025
                                                                                   were $2,591 million (2024 – $2,308 million).




49   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
2024 FULL-YEAR RESULTS COMPARED TO 2023                                  Cable service revenue increased by 12% in 2024 primarily as a
                                                                         result of the completion of the Shaw Transaction in April 2023,
                                           Years ended December 31
                                                                         which contributed an incremental approximately $1 billion in the
(In millions of dollars, except margins)     2024     2023     % Chg     first quarter of 2024; partially offset by Video subscriber losses and
Revenue                                                                  ongoing competitive intensity.
    Wireless                               10,595    10,222         4    Media revenue increased by 9% in 2024 primarily as a result of
    Cable                                   7,876     7,005        12    higher sports-related revenue, including at the Toronto Blue Jays
    Media                                   2,242     2,049         9    and from higher subscriber revenue.
    Corporate items and
      intercompany eliminations              (109)      32       n/m     Adjusted EBITDA
Revenue                                    20,604    19,308         7    Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 12% in 2024 and our
Total service revenue                      18,066    16,845         7    adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 230 basis points as a result of
                                                                         full realization of our synergy program associated with the Shaw
Adjusted EBITDA                                                          Transaction together with ongoing cost efficiencies.
    Wireless                                5,312     4,986         7
    Cable                                   4,518     3,774        20    Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased 7% in 2024, primarily due to
    Media                                      88        75        17    the flow-through impact of higher revenue as discussed above in
    Corporate items and                                                  conjunction with ongoing cost efficiencies. This gave rise to an
      intercompany eliminations              (301)     (254)       19    adjusted EBITDA margin of 65.5%.

Adjusted EBITDA                             9,617    8,581         12    Cable adjusted EBITDA increased 20% in 2024 due to the
Adjusted EBITDA margin                      46.7%    44.4%     2.3 pts   aforementioned synergy program and ongoing cost efficiencies.
                                                                         This gave rise to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 57.4%.
Net income                                  1,734       849      104
Adjusted net income                         2,719     2,406       13     Media adjusted EBITDA increased by 17% in 2024 primarily due to
                                                                         higher revenue as discussed above, partially offset by higher
                                                                         Toronto Blue Jays expenses, including game day-related costs.
Revenue
Consolidated revenue increased by 7% in 2024, driven by a
revenue increase of 12% in Cable and an 4% increase in Wireless.         Net income and adjusted net income
                                                                         Net income increased by 104% in 2024, primarily as a result of
Wireless service revenue increased by 4% in 2024, primarily as a         higher adjusted EBITDA, the $422 million loss recognized in 2023
result of the cumulative impact of growth in our mobile phone            related to the change in the value of the MLSE put liability (which
subscriber base over that year, including our evolving mobile            was recognized by one of our joint ventures at the time), and lower
phone plans that increasingly bundle more services in the monthly        restructuring, acquisition and other costs, partially offset by higher
service fee.                                                             depreciation and amortization. Adjusted net income increased by
                                                                         13% in 2024, primarily as a result of higher adjusted EBITDA.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   50
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         QUARTERLY RESULTS
         Below is a summary of our quarterly consolidated financial results and key performance indicators for 2025 and 2024.

         QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL SUMMARY
                                                                                                   2025                                                    2024
         (In millions of dollars, except per share amounts)                Full Year        Q4         Q3         Q2        Q1     Full Year        Q4        Q3        Q2         Q1
         Revenue
             Wireless                                                           10,715    2,970      2,661     2,540     2,544          10,595    2,981    2,620      2,466     2,528
             Cable                                                               7,868    1,984      1,981     1,968     1,935           7,876    1,983    1,970      1,964     1,959
             Media                                                               3,288    1,236        753       757       542           2,242      547      597        679       419
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                        (159)     (18)       (47)      (49)      (45)           (109)     (30)     (58)       (16)       (5)
         Total revenue                                                          21,712    6,172      5,348     5,216     4,976          20,604    5,481    5,129      5,093     4,901
         Total service revenue                                                  19,104    5,250      4,739     4,668     4,447          18,066    4,543    4,567      4,599     4,357
         Adjusted EBITDA
             Wireless                                                            5,364    1,374      1,374     1,305     1,311           5,312    1,367    1,365      1,296     1,284
             Cable                                                               4,585    1,177      1,153     1,147     1,108           4,518    1,169    1,133      1,116     1,100
             Media                                                                 241      221         75         8       (63)             88       55      136         (2)     (101)
             Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                        (370)     (83)       (87)      (98)     (102)           (301)     (58)     (89)       (85)      (69)
         Adjusted EBITDA                                                         9,820    2,689      2,515     2,362     2,254           9,617    2,533    2,545      2,325     2,214
         Deduct (add):
             Depreciation and amortization                                       4,802    1,222      1,230     1,184     1,166           4,616    1,174    1,157      1,136     1,149
             Restructuring, acquisition and other                                  439       23         51       238       127             406       83       91         90       142
             Finance costs                                                       2,043      584        252       628       579           2,295      571      568        576       580
             Other (income) expense                                             (5,021)     (16)    (4,998)       (9)        2              (6)     (11)       2         (5)        8
             Gain on disposition of data centres                                   (69)     (69)         –         –         –               –        –        –          –         –
         Net income before income tax expense                                    7,626      945      5,980       321       380           2,306     716       727        528       335
              Income tax expense                                                   720      235        212       173       100             572     158       201        134        79
         Net income                                                              6,906      710      5,768       148       280           1,734     558       526        394       256
         Net income attributable to RCI shareholders                             6,894      743      5,714       157       280           1,734     558       526        394       256
         Earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders:
              Basic                                                         $ 12.77 $ 1.38 $ 10.58 $ 0.29 $ 0.52                    $     3.25 $ 1.04 $ 0.99 $ 0.74 $ 0.48
              Diluted                                                       $ 12.74 $ 1.37 $ 10.54 $ 0.29 $ 0.50                    $     3.20 $ 1.02 $ 0.98 $ 0.73 $ 0.46
         Net income (loss)                                                       6,906      710      5,768       148       280           1,734     558       526        394       256
         Add (deduct):
              Restructuring, acquisition and other                                439        23         51       238       127            406        83        91        90       142
              Change in fair value of subsidiary equity
                derivative instruments                                              (9)      32       (134)        93          –             –        –           –        –         –
              Depreciation and amortization on fair value
                increment of Shaw Transaction-related assets                       829      178        210       212       229             917     228       227        220       242
              Gain on repayment of long-term debt                                 (151)       –       (151)        –         –               –       –         –          –         –
              Gain on revaluation of MLSE investment 1                          (4,976)       –     (4,976)        –         –               –       –         –          –         –
              Gain on disposition of data centres                                  (69)     (69)         –         –         –               –       –         –          –         –
              Income tax impact of above items                                    (249)     (55)       (42)      (59)      (93)           (338)    (75)      (82)       (81)     (100)
         Adjusted net income                                                     2,720      819        726       632       543           2,719     794       762        623       540
         Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders                    2,721      818        740       620       543           2,719     794       762        623       540

         Adjusted earnings per share attributable to RCI
           shareholders:
             Basic                                                          $     5.04 $ 1.51 $ 1.37 $ 1.15 $ 1.01                  $     5.09 $ 1.48 $ 1.43 $ 1.17 $ 1.02
             Diluted                                                        $     5.02 $ 1.51 $ 1.37 $ 1.14 $ 0.99                  $     5.04 $ 1.46 $ 1.42 $ 1.16 $ 0.99
         Capital expenditures                                                    3,707      934        964       831       978           4,041    1,007      977        999     1,058
         Cash provided by operating activities                                   6,059    1,652      1,515     1,596     1,296           5,680    1,135    1,893      1,472     1,180
         Free cash flow                                                          3,356    1,016        829       925       586           3,045      878      915        666       586
         1   Gain on revaluation of MLSE investment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 includes a $40 million reduction to the gain on revaluation in the third quarter as a
             result of finalization adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation for the MLSE Transaction.




51   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FOURTH QUARTER 2025 RESULTS                                            Fluctuations in net income from quarter to quarter can also be
Results commentary in “Fourth Quarter 2025 Results” compares           attributed to losses on the repayment of debt, foreign exchange
the fourth quarter of 2025 with the fourth quarter of 2024.            gains or losses, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments,
                                                                       other income and expenses, restructuring, acquisition and other
Revenue                                                                costs, gains or losses on asset sales, impairment of assets, and
Total revenue and total service revenue each increased by 13% and      changes in income tax expense.
16% respectively in the fourth quarter as a result of revenue growth
in Media.                                                              Wireless
                                                                       Trends affecting both Wireless revenue and adjusted EBITDA
Wireless service revenue was stable as the addition of new             reflect:
customers was offset by a decline in mobile phone ARPU as a result     • the growing number of wireless subscribers;
of ongoing competitive intensity in a slowing market. Wireless         • greater usage of wireless data;
equipment revenue decreased by 1%, primarily as a result of a          • a shift to consumers financing higher-value devices, along with
decrease in new subscribers purchasing devices, partially offset by       ongoing disciplined promotional activity; and
higher device upgrades by existing customers, a continued shift in     • decreasing postpaid churn, which we believe is beginning to
the product mix towards higher-value devices, and disciplined             reflect the realization of our enhanced customer service efforts;
pricing in highly competitive selling periods.                            partially offset by
Cable service revenue was stable in the fourth quarter.                • fewer new subscribers purchasing devices and fewer device
                                                                          upgrades by existing customers;
Media revenue increased by 126% in the fourth quarter as a result      • lower overage revenue as customers continue to adopt our
of revenue from MLSE following the July 1 closing of the MLSE             unlimited data plans;
Transaction, the postseason success of the Toronto Blue Jays, and      • competitive pricing in the market; and
higher advertising and subscriber revenue related to the launch of     • recent changes to government immigration policies resulting in
the Warner Bros. Discovery suite of channels, partially offset by         fewer newcomers to Canada, which has put pressure on gross
lower entertainment-related revenue, including the prior year             and net subscriber additions.
impact of the Taylor Swift Eras Tour concerts hosted at Rogers
                                                                       Additional trends affecting Wireless adjusted EBITDA reflect higher
Centre.
                                                                       costs related to the increasing number of subscribers.
Adjusted EBITDA and margins                                            Prepaid plans have evolved to have properties similar to those of
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA increased 6% in the fourth quarter        traditional postpaid plans. We believe this evolution provides
and our adjusted EBITDA margin decreased by 260 basis points,          consumers with greater choice of subscribing to a postpaid or
primarily as a result of Media revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth.     prepaid service plan. Growth in our customer base over time has
                                                                       resulted in higher costs for customer service, retention, credit, and
Wireless adjusted EBITDA increased by 1% in the fourth quarter,
                                                                       collection; however, most of the cost increases have been offset by
primarily as a result of higher equipment margins. This gave rise to
                                                                       gains in operating efficiencies.
an adjusted EBITDA margin of 67%, up 40 basis points.
                                                                       Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of our
Cable adjusted EBITDA increased by 1%, due to ongoing cost
                                                                       marketing and promotional expenditures and seasonally higher
efficiencies. This gave rise to an adjusted EBITDA margin of 59%, up
                                                                       levels of subscriber additions, resulting in higher subscriber
30 basis points.
                                                                       acquisition- and activation-related expenses, typically in the third
Media adjusted EBITDA increased by $166 million in the fourth          and fourth quarters. Conversely, periods with higher activity may
quarter, primarily due to the aforementioned revenue impacts and       adversely impact churn metrics as a result of heightened
associated costs.                                                      competitive activity. The third and fourth quarters typically
                                                                       experience higher volumes of activity as a result of “back to school”
Net income and adjusted net income                                     and holiday season-related consumer behaviour. Promotional
Net income and adjusted net income increased by 27% and 3%,            offers are often more heavily advertised during these periods and
respectively, in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of higher   also contribute to the impact on subscriber metrics. In contrast, we
adjusted EBITDA partially offset by higher associated income taxes,    typically see lower subscriber additions in the first quarter of the
and higher depreciation and amortization. Net income was also          year.
impacted by a $69 million gain on the sale of our customer-facing      The launch of popular new wireless device models can also affect
data centre business.                                                  the level of subscriber activity. Highly anticipated device launches
                                                                       typically occur in the spring and fall seasons of each year. Wireless
QUARTERLY TRENDS AND SEASONALITY                                       roaming revenue is dependent on customer travel volumes and
Our operating results generally vary from quarter to quarter as a      timing, which in turn are affected by the foreign exchange rate of
result of changes in general economic conditions and seasonal          the Canadian dollar and general economic conditions.
fluctuations, among other things, in each of our reportable
segments. This means our results in one quarter are not necessarily    Cable
indicative of how we will perform in a future quarter. Wireless,       Trends affecting Cable service revenue primarily reflect:
Cable, and Media each have unique seasonal aspects to, and             • higher Internet subscription fees as customers increasingly
certain other historical trends in, their businesses.                    upgrade to higher-tier speed plans;




                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   52
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         • customers adopting Rogers Xfinity TV;                                  • continual investment in primetime and specialty programming
         • general service pricing increases; and                                   relating to both our broadcast networks (such as Citytv) and our
         • the shift of business customers from lower-margin, off-net legacy        specialty channels (such as Sportsnet, HGTV, and Food
           long distance and data services to higher-margin, next-                  Network).
           generation services and data centre businesses; partially offset
                                                                                  Seasonal fluctuations relate to:
           by
                                                                                  • the timing of regular season and postseason games in the major
         • competitive losses of legacy Television, Phone, and Satellite
           subscribers;                                                             sports leagues in which we operate (see below); and
         • Television subscribers downgrading their service plans; and            • periods of increased consumer activity and their impact on
         • lower additional usage of our products and services as service           advertising cycles, which tend to be most active in the fourth
           plans are increasingly bundling more features, such as a greater         quarter due to holiday spending and slower in the first quarter.
           number of TV channels.                                                 We own and operate the following major sports teams:
         Trends affecting Cable adjusted EBITDA primarily reflect:                • the Toronto Blue Jays (Major League Baseball or MLB), for which
         • higher Internet operating margins, as a result of the shift from         the regular season typically runs from late March to September
           conventional Television to Internet services; and                        and the postseason occurs in October;
         • the shift to a self-install model for most of our Cable products;      • the Toronto Maple Leafs (National Hockey League or NHL), for
           partially offset by                                                      which the regular season typically runs from October to early
         • higher premium supplier fees in Television as a result of                April and the playoffs occur from mid-April to mid-June;
           bundling more value-added offerings into our Cable products.           • the Toronto Raptors (National Basketball Association or NBA), for
                                                                                    which the regular season typically runs from mid-October to
         Cable’s operating results are affected by modest seasonal                  mid-April and the playoffs occur from mid-April to June;
         fluctuations in subscriber additions and disconnections, typically       • the Toronto Football Club (Major League Soccer or MLS), for
         caused by:                                                                 which the regular season typically runs from mid-February to
         • university and college students who live in residence moving out         mid-October and the playoffs occur from mid-October to early
            early in the second quarter and cancelling their service as well as     December; and
            students moving in late in the third quarter and signing up for       • the Toronto Argonauts (Canadian Football League or CFL), for
            cable service;                                                          which the regular season typically runs from early June to late
         • individuals temporarily suspending service for extended                  October and the playoffs occur in November.
            vacations or seasonal relocations;
         • seasonal use of secondary residences (e.g. cottages) for satellite     Revenue recognized, and the related costs incurred, on game-
            subscribers;                                                          related items (tickets, merchandise, and concessions, for example)
         • the timing of service pricing changes; and                             and advertising is concentrated when games are played, with
         • the focused marketing we generally conduct in our fourth               postseason games commanding a premium in advertising revenue
            quarter.                                                              and additional revenue from game-related items, if and when any
                                                                                  of the teams play in their respective postseasons. We also have
         Cable operating results are also influenced by trends in cord            access to the broadcast rights for nationally broadcast NHL games
         shaving and cord cutting, which has resulted in fewer subscribers        and some or all of the broadcast rights for the Toronto Blue Jays,
         watching traditional cable television, as well as a lower number of      Toronto Maple Leafs, and Toronto Raptors home games.
         Television subscribers. In addition, trends in the use of wireless       Programming and production costs for such broadcasts are
         products and Internet or social media as substitutes for traditional     expensed based on the number of games aired. Player payroll
         home phone products have resulted in fewer Phone subscribers.            costs are expensed based on the number of games played by each
         Cable results from our business customers do not generally have          team.
         any unique seasonal aspects.
                                                                                  Other expenses
         Media                                                                    Depreciation and amortization trails capital expenditures and is
         Trends affecting Media revenue and adjusted EBITDA are generally
                                                                                  expected to trend downward as a result of decreases in our capital
         the result of:
                                                                                  expenditures. We expect future depreciation and amortization to
         • fluctuations in advertising and consumer market conditions;
                                                                                  align with ongoing capital expenditures and additions to
         • the timing of sports league seasons, including regular season
                                                                                  right-of-use assets.
           and playoffs;
         • subscriber rate increases;                                             While finance costs had been trending upward as a result of the
         • higher sports and rights costs, including increases as we move         significant debt we incurred related to the Shaw Transaction, as a
           further along in our NHL Agreement;                                    result of the network transaction and the tender offers we
         • general cord shaving and cord cutting by television subscribers        completed during the year, we expect finance costs to begin
           regardless of service provider; and                                    trending downward as we continue deleveraging.




53   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                               MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OVERVIEW OF FINANCIAL POSITION

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                          2025    2024 $ Chg % Chg          Explanation of significant changes

Assets
  Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                     1,344     898    446       50     See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”.
    Accounts receivable                           6,105   5,478    627       11     Reflects higher accounts receivable due to growth in Rogers Bank credit cards and
                                                                                    accounts receivable acquired as a result of the MLSE Transaction.
     Inventories                                    550    641     (91)     (14)    Reflects a decrease in Wireless handset inventories.
     Current portion of contract assets             151    171     (20)     (12)    n/m
     Other current assets                         1,239    849     390       46     Primarily reflects increases in income taxes receivable and deferred player
                                                                                    compensation.
     Current portion of derivative instruments       99    336     (237)    (71)    Reflects the change in market values of certain debt and expenditure derivatives
                                                                                    as a result of the appreciation of the Cdn$ relative to the US$.
Total current assets                              9,488 8,373     1,115      13
Property, plant and equipment                    26,307 25,072    1,235       5     Reflects capital expenditures, additions to right-of-use assets, and the fair value
                                                                                    of assets acquired as a result of the MLSE Transaction, partially offset by
                                                                                    depreciation expense related to our asset base.
Intangible assets                                28,898 17,858 11,040        62     Reflects the fair value of intangible assets acquired as a result of the MLSE
                                                                                    Transaction.
Investments                                       1,291    615     676     110      Reflects the fair value of investments acquired as a result of the MLSE
                                                                                    Transaction.
Derivative instruments                             746     997     (251)    (25)    Reflects the change in market values of certain debt and expenditure derivatives
                                                                                    as a result of the appreciation of the Cdn$ relative to the US$.
Financing receivables                             1,198   1,189       9      1      n/m
Other long-term assets                            2,052   1,027   1,025    100      Primarily reflects player-related deferred compensation assets (with a
                                                                                    corresponding liability in other long-term liabilities) and an increase in
                                                                                    long-term receivables.
Goodwill                                         20,032 16,280    3,752      23     Primarily reflects goodwill recognized as a result of the MLSE Transaction.

Total assets                                     90,012 71,411 18,601        26

Liabilities and equity
   Current liabilities:
     Short-term borrowings                        4,000   2,959   1,041      35     See “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources”.
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities     4,831   4,059     772      19     Primarily reflects accounts payable and accrued liabilities acquired in the MLSE
                                                                                    Transaction.
     Income tax payable                               –      26     (26)   (100)    n/m
     Other current liabilities                    3,831     482 3,349       n/m     Reflects the recognition of the MLSE put liability (see “MLSE Transaction”).
     Contract liabilities                         1,114     800    314        39    Reflects an increase in contract liabilities as a result of the MLSE Transaction.
     Current portion of long-term debt            1,186   3,696 (2,510)      (68)   Primarily reflects the repayment at maturity of US$1 billion of senior notes in
                                                                                    March 2025, $1.25 billion of senior notes in April 2025, and US$700 million of
                                                                                    senior notes in December 2025, partially offset by the reclassification to current
                                                                                    of $500 million of senior notes due September 2026 and $500 million of senior
                                                                                    notes due November 2026.
     Current portion of lease liabilities          690     587     103       18     Reflects liabilities for new leases entered into.

Total current liabilities                        15,652 12,609 3,043         24
Provisions                                           55     61      (6)     (10)    n/m
Long-term debt                                   35,872 38,200 (2,328)       (6)    Primarily reflects the US$1.7 billion and $1.2 billion redemption of long-term
                                                                                    debt in July 2025, the $1 billion repayment of the term loan facility, and the
                                                                                    reclassification of $500 million of senior notes due in each of September 2026
                                                                                    and November 2026, partially offset by the issuance of US$2.1 billion and
                                                                                    $1 billion of subordinated notes in February 2025.
Lease liabilities                                 2,428   2,191    237       11     Reflects an increase in lease liabilities, including as a result of the MLSE
                                                                                    Transaction.
Other long-term liabilities                       2,225   1,666    559       34     Primarily reflects liabilities for certain player-related deferred compensation
                                                                                    arrangements, including those acquired in the MLSE Transaction.
Deferred tax liabilities                          9,494   6,281   3,213      51     Reflects deferred tax liabilities arising from the MLSE Transaction.

Total liabilities                                65,726 61,008 4,718         8
Equity                                           24,286 10,403 13,883      133      Reflects the $6.7 billion received through the network transaction and changes
                                                                                    in retained earnings and equity reserves.

Total liabilities and equity                     90,012 71,411 18,601        26




                                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.           |   54
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources
         SOURCES AND USES OF CASH
         OPERATING, INVESTING, AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                            Years ended December 31

         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                   2025         2024

         Cash provided by operating activities before changes in net operating assets and liabilities, income taxes paid,
           and interest paid                                                                                                       9,421         9,188
             Change in net operating assets and liabilities                                                                         (592)         (876)
             Income taxes paid                                                                                                      (700)         (545)
             Interest paid, net                                                                                                   (2,070)       (2,087)

         Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                     6,059         5,680

         Investing activities:
              Capital expenditures                                                                                                (3,707)       (4,041)
              Additions to program rights and other intangible assets                                                               (105)          (72)
              Changes in non-cash working capital related to investing activities                                                    (78)          136
              Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, net of cash acquired                                                 (4,315)         (475)
              Other                                                                                                                   (7)           (3)

         Cash used in investing activities                                                                                        (8,212)       (4,455)

         Financing activities:
             Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                                      1,021         1,138
             Net repayment of long-term debt                                                                                      (3,478)       (1,103)
             Net proceeds on settlement of debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives                                        114           107
             Transaction costs incurred                                                                                             (104)          (47)
             Principal payments of lease liabilities                                                                                (559)         (478)
             Dividends paid to RCI shareholders                                                                                     (913)         (739)
             Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                            (133)            –
             Issuance of subsidiary shares to non-controlling interest                                                             6,656             –
             Other                                                                                                                    (5)           (5)

         Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                           2,599        (1,127)

         Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         446            98
         Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                898           800

         Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                    1,344           898


         OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                       Acquisitions and other strategic transactions
         The 7% increase in cash provided by operating activities this year         This year, we paid $4.5 billion, net of cash acquired, to acquire a
         was primarily as a result of lower net investment in net operating         holding company that indirectly held Bell’s 37.5% ownership stake
         assets and liabilities and higher adjusted EBITDA.                         in MLSE. We also sold our customer-facing data centre business for
                                                                                    cash proceeds of $184 million. In 2024, we paid $475 million
         INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                       related to the acquisition of 3800 MHz spectrum licences. We
         Capital expenditures                                                       recognized the spectrum licences as indefinite-life intangible
         We spent $3,707 million this year on property, plant and                   assets.
         equipment before related changes in non-cash working capital
         items, which was 8% lower than 2024. See “Capital Expenditures”
         for more information.




55   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                      facilities. Below is a summary of our short-term borrowings as at
This year, we received net amounts of $2,447 million                                      December 31, 2025 and 2024.
(2024—received net amounts of $95 million) on our short-term
borrowings, long-term debt, and related derivatives, including                                                                              Years ended December 31
transaction costs. See “Financial Risk Management” for more
                                                                                          (In millions of dollars)                                    2025              2024
information on the cash flows relating to our derivative instruments.
We also closed the network transaction in June 2025 and received                          Receivables securitization program                         2,000             2,000
US$4.85 billion ($6.7 billion) in cash from Blackstone.                                   US commercial paper program (net of
                                                                                            the discount on issuance)                                       –             452
Short-term borrowings                                                                     Non-revolving credit facility borrowings
Our short-term borrowings consist of amounts outstanding under                              (net of the discount on issuance)                        2,000                507
our receivables securitization program, our US dollar-denominated                         Total short-term borrowings                                4,000             2,959
commercial paper (US CP) program, and our non-revolving credit

The table below summarizes the activity relating to our short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                        Year ended December 31, 2025                  Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                       Notional       Exchange       Notional        Notional       Exchange        Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                          (US$)             rate       (Cdn$)           (US$)             rate        (Cdn$)
Proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                                          400                                            800
Repayment of receivables securitization                                                                                   (400)                                          (400)
Net proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                                          –                                          400
Proceeds received from US commercial paper                                                   517          1.410            729           2,009           1.373          2,759
Repayment of US commercial paper                                                            (835)         1.413         (1,180)         (1,819)          1.371         (2,494)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial paper                                                             (451)                                           265
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$) 1                                                          2,000                                              –
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (US$) 1                             5,397          1.386          7,479           2,899           1.378          3,996
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                                        (5,749)         1.393         (8,007)         (2,547)          1.383         (3,523)
Net proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                                               1,472                                            473
Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                                         1,021                                         1,138
1   Borrowings under our non-revolving facility matured and are (were, for the US$ facility) reissued regularly, such that until repaid, we maintain net outstanding borrowings
    equivalent to the then-current credit limit on the reissue dates.

We participate in a receivables securitization program with a group                       our senior notes and debentures. See “Financial Condition” for
of Canadian financial institutions that allows us to sell certain                         more information.
receivables into the program. The maximum potential proceeds
                                                                                          Concurrent with our US CP issuances and US dollar-denominated
under the receivables securitization program is $2.4 billion. The
                                                                                          non-revolving credit facility borrowings, we entered into debt
terms of our receivables securitization program are committed until
                                                                                          derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with the
its expiry, which we extended in 2025 to an expiration date of
                                                                                          principal and interest components of the borrowings. See
July 31, 2028. The buyers’ interests in these trade receivables ranks
                                                                                          “Financial Risk Management” for more information.
ahead of our interest. The program restricts us from using the
receivables as collateral. The buyers of our trade receivables have                       In March 2024, we borrowed US$185 million ($250 million) under
no claim on any of our other assets.                                                      our $500 million non-revolving credit facility. In April 2024, we
                                                                                          borrowed an additional US$184 million ($250 million) under the
We have a US CP program that allows us to issue up to a maximum
                                                                                          facility. In April 2025, we repaid the outstanding balance of
aggregate principal amount of US$1.5 billion. Funds can be
                                                                                          US$349 million ($500 million) and terminated the facility. The
borrowed under this program with terms to maturity ranging from
                                                                                          related debt derivatives were also settled concurrently.
1 to 397 days, subject to ongoing market conditions. Issuances
made under the US CP program are issued at a discount. The                                In July 2025, we entered into two new $1 billion non-revolving
obligations of RCI under the US CP program are unsecured and                              credit facilities that mature in July 2026 and borrowed $2 billion
guaranteed by RCCI, and rank equally in right of payment with all                         under these facilities.




                                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.               |   56
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Long-term debt
         Our long-term debt consists of amounts outstanding under our bank and letter of credit facilities and the senior notes, debentures, and
         subordinated notes we have issued. The tables below summarize the activity relating to our long-term debt for the years ended
         December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                      Year ended December 31, 2025                Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                     Notional      Exchange       Notional       Notional      Exchange       Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                               (US$)            rate       (Cdn$)          (US$)            rate       (Cdn$)

         Credit facility borrowings (Cdn$)                                                                                            216                                            64
         Credit facility borrowings (US$)                                                              1,325           1.367        1,811                 –               –           –
         Total credit facility borrowings                                                                                           2,027                                            64

         Credit facility repayments (Cdn$)                                                                                            (30)                                             –
         Credit facility repayments (US$)                                                              (1,325)         1.361       (1,803)                –               –            –
         Total credit facility repayments                                                                                          (1,833)                                             –
         Net borrowings under credit facilities                                                                                        194                                           64

         Term loan facility net borrowings (US$) 1                                                          1            n/m             6               8          n/m             18
         Term loan facility net repayments (US$)                                                         (697)         1.380          (962)         (2,553)        1.352        (3,452)
         Net repayments under term loan facility                                                                                      (956)                                     (3,434)

         Senior note issuances (US$)                                                                          –              –             –        2,500          1.347         3,367
         Total senior note issuances                                                                                                       –                                     3,367

         Senior note repayments (Cdn$)                                                                                             (2,397)                                      (1,100)
         Senior note repayments (US$)                                                                  (3,112)         1.390       (4,326)                –               –          –
         Total senior note repayments                                                                                              (6,723)                                      (1,100)
         Net (repayment) issuance of senior notes                                                                                  (6,723)                                       2,267

         Subordinated note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                                         1,000                                              –
         Subordinated note issuances (US$)                                                             2,100           1.432        3,007                 –               –            –
         Total subordinated note issuances                                                                                          4,007                                              –

         Net repayment of long-term debt                                                                                           (3,478)                                      (1,103)
         1   Borrowings under our term loan facility matured and were reissued regularly, such that until repaid, we maintained net outstanding borrowings equivalent to the then-current
             credit limit on the reissue dates.


                                                                                                                                                      Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                2025             2024
         Long-term debt, beginning of year                                                                                                                     41,896           40,855
         Net repayment of long-term debt                                                                                                                       (3,478)          (1,103)
         Discount on principal amount of senior notes repurchased in connection with tender offer                                                                (504)               –
         Increase in government grant liability related to Canada Infrastructure Bank facility                                                                    (43)             (39)
         Long-term debt assumed through MLSE Transaction                                                                                                          298                –
         (Gain) loss on foreign exchange                                                                                                                       (1,272)           2,094
         Deferred transaction costs derecognized (incurred)                                                                                                        31              (52)
         Amortization of deferred transaction costs                                                                                                               130              141
         Long-term debt, end of year                                                                                                                           37,058           41,896

         In September 2025, we amended the terms of our revolving credit                           $3.4 billion of our $6 billion term loan facility. In June 2025, we
         facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the                          repaid the $1 billion outstanding under the April 2026 tranche of
         $3 billion tranche to September 2030, from April 2029, and the                            the term loan and terminated the facility.
         $1 billion tranche to September 2028, from April 2027.
                                                                                                   We have an $815 million senior unsecured non-revolving credit
         In February 2024, we used the proceeds from the issuance of                               facility with a fixed 1% interest rate with Canada Infrastructure Bank.
         US$2.5 billion of senior notes (see “Issuance of senior and                               The credit facility can only be drawn upon to finance broadband
         subordinated notes and related debt derivatives” below) to repay                          service expansion projects to underserved communities under the




57   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Universal Broadband Fund. In 2023, we amended the terms of the                           transaction) and US$1.5 billion ($2 billion) under two new $1 billion
facility to, among other things, increase the limit from $665 million.                   non-revolving credit facilities that mature in July 2026 (the
As at December 31, 2025, we had drawn $134 million on the credit                         borrowings under which are recognized within “short-term
facility and have recognized a government grant liability of                             borrowings” on our consolidated statement of financial position).
$79 million related to this loan reflecting the below-market interest
                                                                                         Through the MLSE Transaction, we acquired MLSE’s revolving and
rate.
                                                                                         non-revolving credit facilities. The revolving credit facility has a
In connection with the network transaction, we paid an aggregate                         borrowing limit of $260 million and matures in June 2028. During
of approximately $30 million to the consenting holders of our                            the year ended December 31, 2025, we borrowed $115 million
outstanding senior notes for their consent to certain clarifying                         under the MLSE revolving credit facility. The non-revolving credit
amendments to the indentures governing those securities                                  facility has a borrowing limit of $300 million, is fully drawn (reflected
concurrently with the closing of the network transaction plus                            in “Long-term debt assumed through the MLSE Transaction” in the
approximately $18 million of other directly attributable transaction                     table above), and matures in June 2028. MLSE had entered into an
costs. These costs are being amortized into finance costs over the                       interest rate swap to convert the floating interest rate on the
remaining terms of the underlying notes using the effective interest                     borrowings under the non-revolving credit facility to a fixed interest
method.                                                                                  rate; this interest rate swap has been designated as a hedge for
                                                                                         accounting purposes. Both of MLSE’s credit facilities are secured by
In July 2025, to partially fund the MLSE Transaction, we borrowed
                                                                                         a first charge on Scotiabank Arena and all personal property of
US$1.3 billion ($1.8 billion) under our revolving credit facility (which
                                                                                         MLSE, subject to certain exceptions.
was subsequently repaid using the proceeds from the network

Issuance of senior and subordinated notes and related debt derivatives
Below is a summary of the senior and subordinated notes we issued in 2025 and 2024.

(In millions of dollars, except interest rates and discounts)                                                                Issue price                        Transaction
                                                                                                                             per $1,000        Total gross        costs and
                                                                             Principal                                         principal       proceeds 1       discounts 2
Date issued                                                                   amount       Due date        Interest rate        amount             (Cdn$)           (Cdn$)
2025 issuances
  February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                        US 1,100             2055            7.000%          1,000.00             1,575                21
  February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                        US 1,000             2055            7.125%          1,000.00             1,432                19
  February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                           1,000             2055            5.625%            999.83             1,000                11

2024 issuances
  February 9, 2024 (senior)                                                 US 1,250             2029            5.000%            997.14             1,684                20
  February 9, 2024 (senior)                                                 US 1,250             2034            5.300%            991.19             1,683                30
1 Gross proceeds before transaction costs, discounts, and premiums.
2 Transaction costs, discounts, and premiums are included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income
  using the effective interest method.
3 Deferred transaction costs and discounts (if any) in the carrying value of the subordinated notes are recognized in net income using the effective interest method. The three

  issuances of subordinated notes due 2055 can be redeemed at par on February 15, 2030, February 15, 2035, and February 15, 2030, respectively, or on any subsequent interest
  payment date.

Concurrent with the US dollar-denominated issuances, we entered                          We received net proceeds of $4.0 billion from the issuances. We
into debt derivatives to convert the interest and principal payment                      used the proceeds to repay debt and to fund a portion of the
obligations on the notes to Canadian dollars at a fixed interest rate.                   MLSE Transaction.
See “Financial Risk Management” for more information.
                                                                                         We understand that S&P Global Ratings Services (S&P), Moody’s
The senior notes are unsecured and guaranteed by RCCI, ranking                           Investors Service (Moody’s), and DBRS Morningstar will only include
equally with all of our other unsecured senior notes and                                 50% of the outstanding principal amount of these subordinated
debentures, bank credit facilities, and letter of credit facilities and                  notes in their debt leverage ratio calculation at least until the
ranking ahead of our subordinated notes.                                                 earliest “at-par” redemption date of each note.

2025                                                                                     2024
In February 2025, we issued three tranches of subordinated notes,                        In February 2024, we issued senior notes with an aggregate
consisting of:                                                                           principal amount of US$2.5 billion, consisting of US$1.25 billion of
• US$1.1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 7.00% for the                        5.00% senior notes due 2029 and US$1.25 billion of 5.30% senior
   first five years;                                                                     notes due 2034. Concurrent with the issuance, we also entered into
• US$1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 7.125% for the                         debt derivatives to convert all interest and principal payment
   first ten years; and                                                                  obligations to Canadian dollars. As a result, we received net
• $1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 5.625% for the first                     proceeds of US$2.46 billion ($3.32 billion). We used the proceeds
   five years.                                                                           from this issuance to repay $3.4 billion of our term loan facility such
                                                                                         that only $1 billion remained outstanding under the April 2026
                                                                                         tranche.




                                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                |   58
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Repayment of senior notes and related derivative settlements                                     Class B Non-Voting Shares to settle the declared dividends. See
         2025                                                                                             “Dividends and Share Information” for more information.
         In March 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of our
         US$1 billion 2.95% senior notes and settled the associated debt                                  FREE CASH FLOW
         derivatives at maturity. As a result, we repaid $1,344 million,
                                                                                                                                                                  Years ended December 31
         including $95 million received on settlement of the associated
         debt derivatives. In April 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding                                (In millions of dollars)                                   2025         2024      % Chg
         principal of our $1.25 billion 3.10% senior notes at maturity. There                             Adjusted EBITDA                                           9,820         9,617            2
         were no derivatives associated with these senior notes.                                          Deduct (add):
                                                                                                              Capital expenditures 1                                3,707         4,041           (8)
         In July 2025, we purchased $1,205 million principal amount of our                                    Interest on borrowings, net and
         Canadian dollar-denominated senior notes and US$1,738 million                                           capitalized interest                               1,924         1,986          (3)
         principal amount of our US dollar-denominated senior notes,                                          Cash income taxes 2                                     700           545          28
         paying the note holders $1,147 million and US$1,411 million,                                         Distributions paid by subsidiaries to
         respectively, plus accrued interest, for the purchase of those senior                                   non-controlling interests                            133             –            –
         notes. In connection with our purchase of the US-dollar                                          Free cash flow                                            3,356         3,045          10
         denominated senior notes, we also partially settled the associated                               1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition
         debt derivatives. We recognized a gain on settlement of                                            and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum
         $151 million in “finance costs” as a result.                                                       licences, additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business
                                                                                                            combinations.
         In December 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of                                  2 Cash income taxes are net of refunds received.

         our US$700 million 3.625% senior notes and settled the associated
         debt derivatives at maturity. As a result we repaid $937 million,                                The 10% increase in free cash flow this year was primarily a result of
         including $25 million received on settlement of the associated                                   higher adjusted EBITDA and lower capital expenditures, partially
         debt derivatives.                                                                                offset by higher cash income taxes and distributions to
                                                                                                          non-controlling interests.
         2024                                                                                             As a result of closing the network transaction in 2025, we amended
         In January 2024, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of our                               our definition of free cash flow to deduct distributions paid to
         $500 million 4.35% senior notes at maturity. In March 2024, we                                   non-controlling interests to reflect the unavailability of this cash flow
         repaid the entire outstanding principal of our $600 million 4.00%                                to repay debt or reinvest in our company. See “Subsidiary Equity
         senior notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with                              Investment” for more information on the network transaction.
         these senior notes.

         Dividends
         In 2025, we declared and paid dividends on each of RCI’s
         outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares. We
         paid $913 million in cash dividends and issued $165 million in


         FINANCIAL CONDITION
         AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY
         Below is a summary of our total available liquidity from our cash and cash equivalents, bank credit facilities, letters of credit facilities, and
         short-term borrowings.

         As at December 31, 2025
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                              Total sources                  Drawn       Letters of credit         Net available
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       1,344                       –                        –             1,344
         Bank credit facilities 1:
             Revolving                                                                                                   4,260                   115                        10              4,135
             Non-revolving                                                                                               2,300                 2,300                         –                  –
             Outstanding letters of credit                                                                                  45                     –                        45                  –
         Receivables securitization 1                                                                                    2,400                 2,000                         –                400
         Total                                                                                                         10,349                  4,415                        55              5,879
         1   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
             of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements.




59   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
As at December 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
(In millions of dollars)                                                   Total sources                  Drawn        Letters of credit        US CP program 1           Net available
Cash and cash equivalents                                                              898                        –                       –                          –                898
Bank credit facilities 2:
    Revolving                                                                        4,000                     –                        10                       455                3,535
    Non-revolving                                                                      500                   500                         –                         –                    –
    Outstanding letters of credit                                                        3                     –                         3                         –                    –
Receivables securitization 2                                                         2,400                 2,000                         –                         –                  400
Total                                                                                7,801                 2,500                        13                       455                4,833
1   The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
2   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
    of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our currently outstanding US CP borrowings that are backstopped by our
    revolving credit facility.


Our $815 million Canada Infrastructure Bank credit agreement is                                  COVENANTS
not included in available liquidity as it can only be drawn upon for                             The provisions of our $4.3 billion revolving bank credit facility
use in broadband projects under the Universal Broadband Fund,                                    described in “Sources and Uses of Cash” impose certain
and therefore is not available for other general purposes. This year,                            restrictions on our operations and activities, the most significant of
we borrowed $71 million (2024 – $64 million) under this facility.                                which are leverage-related maintenance tests. As at December 31,
                                                                                                 2025 and 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants
Weighted average cost of borrowings                                                              and financial ratios in our debt agreements. Throughout 2025,
Our borrowings had a weighted average cost of 4.78% as at                                        these covenants did not impose restrictions of any material
December 31, 2025 (2024 – 4.61%) and a weighted average term                                     consequence on our operations.
to maturity of 8.6 years (2024 – 9.8 years). These figures reflect the
expected repayment of our subordinated notes on their respective
at-par redemption dates.


CREDIT RATINGS
Credit ratings provide an independent measure of credit quality of an issue of securities and can affect our ability to obtain short-term and
long-term financing and the terms of the financing. If rating agencies lower the credit ratings on our debt, particularly a downgrade below
investment-grade, it could adversely affect our cost of financing and access to liquidity and capital.

We have engaged each of S&P, Moody’s, and DBRS Morningstar to rate certain of our public debt issues. Below is a summary of the credit
ratings on RCI’s outstanding senior and subordinated notes and debentures (long-term) and US CP (short-term) as at December 31, 2025.
    Issuance                                           S&P Global Ratings Services                    Moody’s                                 DBRS Morningstar

    Senior unsecured debt                              BBB-                                           Baa3                                    BBB (low)
    Subordinated debt                                  BB                                             Ba1/Ba2                                 BB (low) 1
    US commercial paper                                A-3                                            P-3                                     N/A 1
    Outlook                                            Negative                                       Stable                                  Positive
1   As at December 31, 2025, we have not sought a rating from DBRS Morningstar for our subordinated debt issued before March 31, 2022 or for our short-term obligations.

In connection with our February 2025 subordinated note issuance,                                 Ratings for short-term debt instruments across the universe of
we sought a rating from DBRS Morningstar on those subordinated                                   composite rates ranges from A-1+ (S&P) or P-1 (Moody’s),
notes, which were rated BB. DBRS Morningstar has not provided a                                  representing the highest quality of securities rated, to C (S&P), and
rating for the subordinated notes we issued in 2021 or 2022. The                                 not prime (Moody’s) for the lowest quality of securities rated.
subordinated notes issued in February 2025 were rated Ba1 by                                     Investment-grade credit ratings are generally considered to be
Moody’s. Moody’s credit ratings for our previously issued                                        ratings of at least A-3 (S&P), or P-3 (Moody’s) quality or higher.
subordinated notes did not change.
                                                                                                 Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell
Ratings for long-term debt instruments across the universe of                                    securities, nor are they a comment on market price or investor
composite rates range from AAA (S&P and DBRS Morningstar) or                                     suitability. There is no assurance that a rating will remain in effect for
Aaa (Moody’s), representing the highest quality of securities rated,                             a given period, or that a rating will not be revised or withdrawn
to D (S&P and DBRS Morningstar) and C (Moody’s) for the lowest                                   entirely by a rating agency if it believes circumstances warrant it.
quality of securities rated. Investment-grade credit ratings are                                 The ratings on our senior debt provided by S&P, Moody’s, and
generally considered to range from BBB- (S&P), BBB (DBRS                                         DBRS Morningstar are investment-grade ratings.
Morningstar), or Baa3 (Moody’s) to AAA (S&P and DBRS
Morningstar) or Aaa (Moody’s).




                                                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                   |   60
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         ADJUSTED NET DEBT AND DEBT LEVERAGE RATIOS
         We use adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio to conduct valuation-related analysis and make capital structure-related decisions.
         Adjusted net debt includes long-term debt, net debt derivative assets or liabilities, short-term borrowings, lease liabilities, net of cash and
         cash equivalents or bank advances.

                                                                                                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                                                                                                 December 31          December 31
         (In millions of dollars, except ratios)                                                                                                           2025                  2024
         Current portion of long-term debt                                                                                                                1,186                 3,696
         Long-term debt                                                                                                                                  35,872                38,200
         Deferred transaction costs and discounts                                                                                                           795                   951
                                                                                                                                                         37,853                42,847
         Add (deduct):
            Adjustment of US dollar-denominated debt to hedged rate                                                                                       (1,394)              (2,855)
            Subordinated notes adjustment 1                                                                                                               (3,456)              (1,540)
            Short-term borrowings                                                                                                                          4,000                2,959
            Deferred government grant liability 2                                                                                                             79                   39
            Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                                                             690                  587
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                                              2,428                2,191
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                     (1,344)                (898)
         Adjusted net debt 3                                                                                                                             38,856                43,330
         Divided by: trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                    9,820                 9,617
         Debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                                  4.0                  4.5
         Divided by: pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA 3                                                                                         9,986                   n/a
         Pro forma debt leverage ratio                                                                                                                        3.9                  n/a
         1 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio, we believe adjusting 50% of the value of our subordinated notes is appropriate as this methodology
           factors in certain circumstances with respect to priority for payment and this approach is commonly used to evaluate debt leverage by rating agencies.
         2 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio, we have added the deferred government grant liability relating to our Canada Infrastructure Bank

           facility to reflect the inclusion of the cash drawings.
         3 Adjusted net debt is a capital management measure. Pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and a component of pro forma debt

           leverage ratio. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See
           “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for more information about these measures.

         Trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA reflects the combined results of                       ratio through combined operational synergies, organic growth in
         Rogers including MLSE for the period since the MLSE Transaction                          adjusted EBITDA, proceeds from asset sales and monetizations,
         closed in July 2025 to December 2025 and standalone Rogers                               equity financing, and debt repayment, as applicable.
         results prior to July 2025. To illustrate the results of a combined
         Rogers and MLSE as if the MLSE Transaction had closed at the                             PENSION OBLIGATIONS
         beginning of the trailing 12-month period, we have also disclosed                        Our defined benefit pension plans were in a net asset position of
         a pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA and pro forma debt                         approximately $212 million as at December 31, 2025 (2024 – net
         leverage ratio. Pro forma adjusted EBITDA incorporates an amount                         asset position of $175 million). During 2025, our net deferred
         representing the results of MLSE’s adjusted EBITDA, adjusted to                          pension asset increased by $37 million primarily as a result of
         conform to Rogers’ accounting policies, for the year ended                               changes in certain financial assumptions underlying the value of the
         December 31, 2025.                                                                       defined benefit obligation.
         These pro forma metrics are presented for illustrative purposes only                     We did not make contributions to our funded defined benefit
         and do not purport to reflect what the combined company’s actual                         pension plans this year (2024 – $5 million). We expect our total
         operating results or financial condition would have been had the                         estimated funding requirements for our funded defined benefit
         MLSE Transaction occurred on the date indicated, nor do they                             pension plans to be nil in 2026 and to be adjusted annually
         purport to project our future financial position or operating results                    thereafter based on various market factors, such as interest rates,
         and should not be taken as representative of our future financial                        expected returns, and staffing assumptions.
         position or consolidated operating results.
                                                                                                  Changes in factors such as the discount rate, participation rates,
         As at June 30, 2025, we had met our earlier stated objective of                          increases in compensation, and the expected return on plan assets
         returning our debt leverage ratio to approximately 3.5 within 36                         can affect the accrued benefit obligation, pension expense, and
         months of the April 2023 closing of the Shaw Transaction.                                the deficiency of plan assets over accrued obligations in the future.
         Subsequently, as a result of closing the MLSE Transaction, our debt                      See “Accounting Policies” for more information.
         leverage ratio increased. We intend to manage our debt leverage




61   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Pension plans purchase of annuities                                                       purchase of the annuities relieves us of primary responsibility for,
In July 2024, our defined benefit pension plans purchased                                 and eliminates risk associated with, the accrued benefit obligation
approximately $147 million of annuities from insurance companies                          for the retired members. The annuity purchase required a
for substantially all the retired members in the plans at that time.                      remeasurement of the pension plan assets and liabilities at the date
The aggregate premium for the annuities was funded by selling a                           of purchase. There was no significant impact to net income related
corresponding amount of existing assets from the plans. The                               to the annuity purchases.

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to our business activities, summarized as follows:
    Derivative                         The risk they manage                                                Types of derivative instruments
    Debt derivatives                   Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                 Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
                                       principal and interest payments for US dollar-
                                       denominated senior and subordinated notes and                       Forward cross-currency interest rate exchange
                                       debentures, credit facility borrowings, commercial                  agreements
                                       paper borrowings, and certain lease liabilities                     Forward foreign exchange agreements
    Expenditure derivatives            Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on                 Forward foreign exchange agreements and
                                       forecast US dollar-denominated expenditures                         foreign exchange option agreements
    Equity derivatives                 Impact of fluctuations in share price of our Class B                Total return swap agreements
                                       Non-Voting Shares on stock-based compensation
                                       expense
    Subsidiary equity                  Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on our             Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
    derivatives                        subsidiary equity investment
    Virtual power purchase             Impact of fluctuations in market rates for electricity              Virtual power purchase agreement
    agreement

We also manage our exposure to fixed and fluctuating interest rates and we have fixed the interest rate on 89.1% (2024 - 90.8%) of our
debt, including short-term borrowings, as at December 31, 2025.

DEBT DERIVATIVES
We use cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, forward cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements, and foreign
currency forward contracts (collectively, debt derivatives) to manage risks from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates
associated with our US dollar-denominated senior notes, debentures, subordinated notes, lease liabilities, credit facility borrowings, and
US CP borrowings. We typically designate the debt derivatives related to our senior notes, debentures, subordinated notes, and lease
liabilities as hedges for accounting purposes against the foreign exchange risk or interest rate risk associated with specific issued and
forecast debt instruments. Debt derivatives related to our credit facility and US CP borrowings, with the exception of the interest rate swaps
acquired in the MLSE Transaction, have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

Issuance of debt derivatives related to senior and subordinated notes
Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered into related to notes issued during 2025 and 2024.
(In millions of dollars, except for coupon and interest rates)                                US$                                Hedging effect

                                                     Principal/Notional                                            Fixed hedged (Cdn$)
Effective date                                           amount (US$)                Maturity date   Coupon rate           interest rate 1   Equivalent (Cdn$)
2025 issuances
    February 12, 2025                                                1,100                  2055         7.000%                  5.440%                 1,575
    February 12, 2025                                                1,000                  2055         7.125%                  5.862%                 1,432
2024 issuances
    February 9, 2024                                                 1,250                  2029         5.000%                  4.735%                 1,684
    February 9, 2024                                                 1,250                  2034         5.300%                  5.107%                 1,683
1   Converting from a fixed US$ coupon rate to a weighted average Cdn$ fixed rate.

Settlement of debt derivatives related to senior notes
In March 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal amount of our US$1 billion 2.95% senior notes and the associated debt
derivatives at maturity, resulting in $95 million received on settlement of the associated debt derivatives.
In July 2025, in connection with the offers to repurchase certain of our US dollar-denominated senior notes, we partially settled the
associated debt derivatives on the accepted senior notes.
In December 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal amount of our US$700 million 3.625% senior notes and the associated
debt derivatives at maturity, resulting in $25 million received on settlement of the associated debt derivatives.



                                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   62
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         As at December 31, 2025, we had US$15,911 million of US dollar-denominated senior notes, debentures, and subordinated notes, all of
         which were hedged using debt derivatives.
                                                                                                                                                                 As at December 31

         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates, percentages, and years)                                                                                2025               2024
         US dollar-denominated long-term debt 1                                                                                                        US$ 15,911         US$ 17,250
             Hedged with debt derivatives                                                                                                              US$ 15,911         US$ 17,250
             Hedged exchange rate                                                                                                                          1.2865             1.2721
             Percent hedged                                                                                                                               100.0%             100.0%
         Amount of borrowings at fixed rates 2
            Total borrowings                                                                                                                           $      40,564      $     42,963
            Total borrowings at fixed rates                                                                                                            $      36,149      $     39,008
            Percent of borrowings at fixed rates                                                                                                               89.1%             90.8%
            Weighted average interest rate on borrowings                                                                                                       4.78%             4.61%
            Weighted average term to maturity                                                                                                               8.6 years         9.8 years
         1   US dollar-denominated long-term debt reflects the hedged exchange rate and the hedged interest rate.
         2   Borrowings include long-term debt, including the impact of debt derivatives, and short-term borrowings associated with our US CP program, receivables securitization program,
             and non-revolving credit facilities.


         Debt derivatives related to credit facilities and US CP
         During the year, we entered into debt derivatives related to our credit facility and US CP borrowings as a result of a favourable interest rate
         spread obtained from borrowing funds in US dollars. We used these derivatives to offset the foreign exchange and interest rate risk on our
         US dollar-denominated credit facility and commercial paper borrowings.
         Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered and settled related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program during
         2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31, 2025                  Year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                                 Notional       Exchange        Notional        Notional      Exchange        Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                           (US$)             rate        (Cdn$)           (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)
         Credit facilities
             Debt derivatives entered                                                               9,825           1.394        13,695           14,943            1.366        20,407
             Debt derivatives settled                                                              10,873           1.395        15,171           17,136            1.364        23,368
             Net cash (paid) received on settlement                                                                                 (32)                                             87
         US commercial paper program
             Debt derivatives entered                                                                  517          1.410            729            2,008           1.374         2,758
             Debt derivatives settled                                                                  831          1.414          1,175            1,807           1.371         2,478
             Net cash (paid) received on settlement                                                                                   (1)                                            13

         In 2025, through the MLSE Transaction, we acquired an interest rate swap MLSE had entered into to convert the $300 million of
         borrowings outstanding under its non-revolving credit facility (see “Managing our Liquidity and Financial Resources” for more information)
         from a floating rate to a fixed rate of 3.55%. The interest rate swap matures concurrently with the maturity of the non-revolving credit facility
         in June 2028. The interest rate swap has been designated as a hedge for accounting purposes.
         As at December 31, 2025, we had no debt derivatives outstanding related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program
         (2024 – US$1,048 million and US$314 million notional amount at average rates of $1.439/US$ and $1.423/US$, respectively).

         Lease liabilities
         Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered and settled related to our outstanding lease liabilities during 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                  Year ended December 31, 2025                  Year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                                  Notional      Exchange        Notional        Notional      Exchange        Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                            (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)           (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)

         Debt derivatives entered                                                                       241          1.378            332             271           1.369            371
         Debt derivatives settled                                                                       247          1.352            334             214           1.322            283

         As at December 31, 2025, we had US$410 million notional amount of debt derivatives outstanding related to our outstanding lease
         liabilities (2024 – US$416 million) with terms to maturity ranging from January 2026 to December 2028 (2024 – January 2025 to December
         2027), at an average rate of $1.365/US$ (2024 – $1.349/US$).



63   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
EXPENDITURE DERIVATIVES
We use foreign currency forward contracts and option contracts (expenditure derivatives) to manage the foreign exchange risk in our
operations, designating them as hedges for accounting purposes for certain of our forecast operational and capital expenditures. In 2025,
as a result of the MLSE Transaction, we acquired expenditure derivatives and other foreign exchange options that had previously been
entered into by MLSE. The other foreign exchange options are effective economic hedges against future US dollar-denominated
expenditures; however, they cannot be designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Changes in their fair values are recognized in
“change in fair value of derivative instruments” in “finance costs”.

The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at December 31, 2025
and 2024.

(in millions of dollars)              2025                               2024
Type of           Amount to Amount to pay       Amount to Amount to pay
hedge           receive (US$)     (Cdn$)      receive (US$)     (Cdn$)              Maturity   Hedged item

Cash flow                      —         —           1,200           1,605             2025      Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                  1,429     1,955             390             519             2026      Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                    609       826               —               —             2027      Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                     40        54               —               —             2028      Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                    305       397               —               —      2026 - 2039      Future Toronto Blue Jays player compensation
Economic                     216       285               —               —             2026      Anticipated purchases
Economic                     420       565               —               —             2027      Anticipated purchases
Economic                     205       275               —               —             2028      Anticipated purchases
Economic                      45        61               —               —             2029      Anticipated purchases


EQUITY DERIVATIVES                                                         executed extension agreements on all equity derivative contracts
We use total return swaps (equity derivatives) to hedge the market         under substantially the same commitment terms and conditions
price appreciation risk of the Class B Non-Voting Shares granted           with revised expiry dates to April 2026 (from April 2025). Finally, we
under our stock-based compensation programs. As at                         added 1.0 million equity derivatives at a weighted average price of
December 31, 2025, we had equity derivatives for 5.5 million (2024         $50.98.
– 6.0 million) Class B Non-Voting Shares with a weighted average
price of $46.81 (2024 – $53.27). These derivatives have not been           SUBSIDIARY EQUITY DERIVATIVES
designated as hedges for accounting purposes. We record                    We have entered into cross-currency interest rate exchange
changes in their fair value as a stock-based compensation expense,         agreements to manage the foreign exchange risk of our subsidiary
or offset thereto, which serves to offset a substantial portion of the     equity investment (subsidiary equity derivatives). The subsidiary
impact of changes in the market price of Class B Non-Voting                equity derivatives economically hedge our US dollar-denominated
Shares on the accrued value of the stock-based compensation                exposures arising from the subsidiary equity investment but cannot
liability for our stock-based compensation programs.                       be designated as hedges for accounting purposes. In 2025, we
                                                                           entered into subsidiary equity derivatives for US$4.85 billion
In 2025, we settled 1.5 million equity derivatives at a weighted
                                                                           ($6.7 billion) that mature in 2033. These subsidiary equity
average price of $35.32 resulting in a net payment of $22 million
                                                                           derivatives convert an 8% US dollar-denominated cash flow into a
on settlement. We also reset the pricing on 2.3 million existing
                                                                           Cdn$ rate of 7.16% until maturity on a quarterly basis.
equity derivatives, resulting in a net payment of $38 million. We

CASH SETTLEMENTS ON DEBT DERIVATIVES AND SUBSIDIARY EQUITY DERIVATIVES
Below is a summary of the net proceeds on settlement of debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives during the years ended
December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                                    Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                                                                                                   2025            2024
Credit facilities                                                                                                             (32)            87
US commercial paper program                                                                                                    (1)            13
Senior and subordinated notes                                                                                                  72              –
Lease liabilities                                                                                                               7              7
Subsidiary equity derivatives                                                                                                  68              –
Net proceeds on settlement of debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives                                             114            107




                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   64
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         MARK-TO-MARKET VALUE
         We record our derivatives using an estimated credit-adjusted, mark-to-market valuation, calculated in accordance with IFRS.
                                                                                                                           As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                               Notional        Notional   Fair
                                                                                                               amount Exchange amount value
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                         (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$)
         Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
            As assets                                                                                             8,559    1.2373      10,590    787
            As liabilities                                                                                        7,763    1.3449      10,440   (645)
            MLSE interest rate swap                                                                                                       300     (7)
         Net mark-to-market debt derivative asset                                                                                                135
         Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
             As assets                                                                                            1,122    1.3275       1,489      20
             As liabilities                                                                                       1,261    1.3816       1,742     (28)
         Expenditure derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
             As liabilities                                                                                        886     1.3386       1,186     (17)

         Net mark-to-market expenditure derivative liability                                                                                      (25)
         Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
             As assets                                                                                                –          –       173      37
             As liabilities                                                                                           –          –        84      (9)
         Net mark-to-market equity derivative asset                                                                                               28
         Subsidiary equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
             As assets                                                                                              750    1.3827       1,037       1
             As liabilities                                                                                       4,100    1.3846       5,677     (36)
         Net mark-to-market subsidiary equity derivative liability                                                                                (35)
         Virtual power purchase agreement not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                          –          –          –      (6)
         Net mark-to-market virtual power purchase agreement liability                                                                             (6)
         Net mark-to-market asset                                                                                                                 97

                                                                                                                           As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                               Notional        Notional   Fair
                                                                                                               amount Exchange amount value
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                         (US$)     rate (Cdn$) (Cdn$)
         Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
            As assets                                                                                            11,116    1.2510      13,906   1,194
            As liabilities                                                                                        6,550    1.3127       8,598    (842)
         Debt derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
            As assets                                                                                              666     1.4282         951       7
            As liabilities                                                                                         696     1.4421       1,004      (2)
         Net mark-to-market debt derivative asset                                                                                                357
         Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
             As assets                                                                                            1,590    1.3362       2,125    132
         Net mark-to-market expenditure derivative asset                                                                                         132
         Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
             As liabilities                                                                                           –          –       320      (54)
         Net mark-to-market equity derivative liability                                                                                           (54)
         Virtual power purchase agreement not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                          –          –          –     (10)
         Net mark-to-market virtual power purchase agreement liability                                                                            (10)
         Net mark-to-market asset                                                                                                                425




65   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
DIVIDENDS AND SHARE INFORMATION
DIVIDENDS
Below is a summary of the dividends that have been declared and paid on RCI’s outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting
Shares.

                                                                                                                       Dividends paid
                                                                                                                                                          Number of Class B
                                                                                                                   (in millions of dollars)
                                                                                                                                                                 Non-Voting
                                                                                  Dividend per                               In Class B                       Shares issued
Declaration date            Record date                   Payment date            share (dollars)        In cash     Non-Voting Shares           Total      (in thousands) 1
January 29, 2025            March 10, 2025                April 2, 2025                       0.50           188                          81      269                      2,181
April 22, 2025              June 9, 2025                  July 3, 2025                        0.50           270                           –      270                          –
July 22, 2025               September 8, 2025             October 3, 2025                     0.50           270                           –      270                          –
October 22, 2025            December 8, 2025              January 2, 2026                     0.50           270                           –      270                          –
January 31, 2024            March 11, 2024                April 3, 2024                       0.50           183                          83      266                      1,552
April 23, 2024              June 10, 2024                 July 5, 2024                        0.50           185                          81      266                      1,651
July 23, 2024               September 9, 2024             October 3, 2024                     0.50           181                          86      267                      1,633
October 23, 2024            December 9, 2024              January 3, 2025                     0.50           185                          84      269                      1,943
1   Class B Non-Voting Shares were issued as partial settlement of our quarterly dividend payable on the payment date under the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan.

On January 28, 2026, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of                             As at February 28, 2026, 111,148,720 Class A Shares, 429,076,558
$0.50 per Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share, to                             Class B Non-Voting Shares, and 11,647,012 options to purchase
be paid on April 2, 2026, to shareholders of record on March 10,                            Class B Non-Voting Shares were outstanding.
2026.
                                                                                            We use the weighted average number of shares outstanding to
We currently expect that the remaining record and payment dates                             calculate earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share.
for the 2026 declaration of dividends will be as follows, subject to
                                                                                                                                                Years ended December 31
the declaration by the Board each quarter at its sole discretion.
                                                                                            (Number of shares in millions)                               2025              2024
    Declaration date             Record date                   Payment date                 Basic weighted average number of
    April 21, 2026               June 9, 2026                  July 6, 2026                   shares outstanding                                          540               534
    July 22, 2026                September 8, 2026             October 2, 2026              Diluted weighted average number of
    October 22, 2026             December 8, 2026              January 5, 2027                shares outstanding                                          541               535


                                                                                            PREFERRED SHARES
OUTSTANDING COMMON SHARES                                                                   In relation to our issuances of subordinated notes in 2021 and
                                                               As at December 31            2022, the Board approved the creation of new Series I and Series II
                                                                                            preferred shares, respectively. Series I has been authorized for up
                                                             2025                 2024      to 3.3 million preferred shares and Series II has been authorized for
Common shares outstanding 1                                                                 up to 1.4 million preferred shares. Both series have no voting rights,
   Class A Voting                                  111,152,011          111,152,011         par values of $1,000 per share, and will be issued automatically
   Class B Non-Voting                              429,073,267          424,949,191         upon the occurrence of certain events involving a bankruptcy or
                                                                                            insolvency of RCI to holders of the respective subordinated notes.
Total common shares                                540,225,278          536,101,202
Options to purchase Class B
 Non-Voting Shares
    Outstanding options                              11,766,094            9,707,847
    Outstanding options
      exercisable                                     7,322,180            6,135,190
1   Holders of Class B Non-Voting Shares are entitled to receive notice of and to attend
    shareholder meetings; however, they are not entitled to vote at these meetings
    except as required by law or stipulated by stock exchanges. If an offer is made to
    purchase outstanding Class A Shares, there is no requirement under applicable law
    or our constating documents that an offer be made for the outstanding Class B
    Non-Voting Shares, and there is no other protection available to shareholders under
    our constating documents. If an offer is made to purchase both classes of shares, the
    offer for the Class A Shares may be made on different terms than the offer to the
    holders of Class B Non-Voting Shares.




                                                                                                                         2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.             |   66
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
         CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
         Below is a summary of our obligations under firm contractual arrangements as at December 31, 2025. See notes 3, 4, 19, and 32 to our
         2025 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.

                                                                                             Less than                                                           After
         (In millions of dollars)                                                               1 Year             1-3 Years             4-5 Years             5 Years             Total
         Short-term borrowings                                                                    4,000                     –                     –                  –             4,000
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                 4,831                     –                     –                  –             4,831
         MLSE put liability                                                                       3,316                     –                     –                  –             3,316
         Long-term debt 1,2                                                                       3,186                 6,529                 6,795             21,422            37,932
         Net interest payments                                                                    1,861                 3,174                 2,674             11,912            19,621
         Lease liabilities                                                                          692                   895                   543              1,944             4,074
         Debt derivative instruments 3                                                              (20)                 (189)                   34             (1,197)           (1,372)
         Expenditure derivative instruments 3                                                       (19)                  (31)                   (3)               (16)              (69)
         Subsidiary equity derivative instruments                                                   (52)                 (103)                 (103)               (72)             (330)
         Player contracts 4                                                                         566                   811                   359                215             1,951
         Purchase obligations 5                                                                     910                   940                   481                995             3,326
         Property, plant and equipment                                                              510                   716                   338                175             1,739
         Program rights 6                                                                         1,157                 2,118                 2,174              8,159            13,608
         Other long-term financial liabilities                                                        –                   132                    70                241               443
         Total                                                                                  20,938                14,992                13,362              43,778            93,070
         1 Principal obligations of long-term debt (including current portion) due at maturity.
         2 Reflects repayment of our subordinated notes on their respective at-par redemption dates.
         3 Net (receipts) disbursements due at maturity. US dollar amounts have been translated into Canadian dollars at the year-end exchange rate.

         4 Toronto Blue Jays, Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto Raptors, and Toronto FC players’ salary contracts into which we have entered and are contractually obligated to pay.

         5 Contractual obligations under service, product, and wireless device contracts to which we have committed.

         6 Agreements into which we have entered to acquire broadcasting rights for periods in excess of one year at contract inception.




         OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS
         GUARANTEES
         As a regular part of our business, we enter into agreements that
         provide for indemnification and guarantees to counterparties in
         transactions involving business sale and business combination
         agreements, sales of services, and purchases and development of
         assets. Due to the nature of these indemnifications, we are unable
         to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount
         we could be required to pay counterparties. Historically, we have
         not made any significant payment under these indemnifications or
         guarantees. See note 31 to our 2025 Audited Consolidated
         Financial Statements.




67   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Governance at Rogers
Rogers is a family-founded, family-controlled company and we take        BOARD OVERSIGHT
pride in our proactive and disciplined approach to ensuring that         The Board delegates certain responsibilities to its eight standing
our governance structure and practices instill confidence in our         committees to ensure proper oversight and accountability. The
shareholders.                                                            below outlines the responsibilities of the eight committees:
                                                                         • Audit and Risk Committee – reviews our accounting policies and
Voting control of RCI is held by the Rogers Control Trust (the Trust),
                                                                           practices, the integrity of our financial reporting processes and
the beneficiaries of which are members of the Rogers family. The           procedures, and the financial statements and other relevant
Trust holds voting control of RCI for the benefit of successive            disclosure for release to shareholders and the public. It assists
generations of the Rogers family via the Trust’s ownership of 98% of       the Board in its oversight of our compliance with legal and
the outstanding Class A Shares of RCI (2024 – 98%). Members of             regulatory requirements for financial reporting, assesses our
the Rogers family are substantial stakeholders and owned                   accounting and financial control systems, and evaluates the
approximately 27% of our equity as at December 31, 2025 (2024 –            qualifications, independence, and work of our internal and
27%) through their ownership of a combined total of 147 million            external auditors. It also reviews risk management policies and
(2024 – 147 million) Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares.         associated processes used to manage major risk exposures,
As a result, the Trust is able to elect all members of the Board and       including relating to cybersecurity.
to control the vote on most matters submitted to shareholders,           • Corporate Governance Committee – assists the Board to ensure
whether through a shareholder meeting or a written consent                 it has appropriate systems and procedures for carrying out its
resolution.                                                                responsibilities. This committee develops governance policies
                                                                           and practices, recommends them to the Board for approval, and
The Board is currently made up of 14 directors who bring a rich mix
                                                                           leads the Board in its periodic review of Board and committee
of experience as business leaders in North America. Each of our
                                                                           performance.
directors is firmly committed to effective governance, strong
                                                                         • Nominating Committee – identifies prospective candidates to
oversight, and the ongoing creation of shareholder value. The
                                                                           serve on the Board. Nominated directors can be elected by
Board as a whole is committed to sound corporate governance and            shareholders at a meeting, appointed by the Board, or
continually reviews its governance practices and benchmarks them           appointed by written consent resolution. The committee also
against acknowledged leaders and evolving legislation. The Board           recommends nominees for each Board committee, including
believes that Rogers’ governance system is effective and that there        each committee chair.
are appropriate structures and procedures in place.                      • Human Resources Committee – assists the Board in monitoring,
                                                                           reviewing, and approving compensation and benefit policies
GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES                                                  and practices. It is also responsible for recommending the
We have adopted many best practices for effective governance,              compensation of senior management and monitoring senior
including:                                                                 executive succession planning.
• separating the CEO and Executive Chair roles;                          • Sustainability and Social Impact Committee – assists the Board in
• appointing an independent lead director;                                 fulfilling its oversight responsibilities of relevant environmental
• adopting formal corporate governance policies and charters;              sustainability, social responsibility, and governance policies,
• adopting a code of business conduct and whistleblower hotline;           strategies, and programs and the actions we can take to be a
• establishing director share ownership requirements;                      responsible corporate citizen. Our CEO is responsible for
• conducting Board and committee in camera discussions;                    sustainability and social impact from a management perspective
• performing annual reviews of Board and Committee                         and is supported by the Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and a
   performance;                                                            Sustainability and Social Impact (SSI) Operating Group
• conducting Audit and Risk Committee meetings with internal               composed of senior leaders from across the organization to
   and external auditors;                                                  drive accountability around advancing efforts.
• creating an orientation program for new directors;                     • Executive Committee – approves the final terms of transactions
• conducting regular Board and committee education sessions;               previously approved by the Board and monitors the
• empowering committees to retain independent advisors; and                implementation of policy initiatives adopted by the Board.
                                                                         • Finance Committee – reviews our investment strategies, general
• establishing director material relationship standards.
                                                                           debt, and equity structure and reports on them to the Board.
The Board currently consists of 10 independent directors and             • Pension Committee – oversees the administration of our retiree
4 non-independent directors.                                               pension plans and reviews the investment performance and
                                                                           provisions of the plans.
We comply with all relevant corporate governance guidelines and
standards as a Canadian public company listed on the TSX and as a        Further information regarding our corporate governance practices
foreign private issuer listed on the NYSE in the US.                     is available on our Investor Relations website, including:
                                                                         • a complete statement of our corporate governance practices;
                                                                         • our codes of conduct and ethics;
                                                                         • charters for each of the Board’s standing committees;
                                                                         • director biographies; and
                                                                         • a summary of the differences between the NYSE corporate
                                                                            governance rules that apply to US-based companies and our
                                                                            governance practices as a foreign private issuer listed on the NYSE.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   68
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                              Board of Directors and its Standing Committees                                                       Chair          Member

         As at March 6, 2026                                                                                                                               Sustainability
                                                Audit and    Corporate                                    Human
                                                                          Executive      Finance                         Nominating          Pension        and Social
                                                  Risk      Governance                                   Resources                                            Impact
             Edward S. Rogers 1
             Michael J. Cooper

             Trevor English
             Ivan Fecan

             Robert J. Gemmell 2
             Jan L. Innes

             Diane A. Kazarian
             Dr. Mohamed Lachemi

             David A. Robinson
             Lisa A. Rogers
             Bradley S. Shaw
             Chief Wayne Sparrow

             Tony Staffieri
             John H. Tory

         1   Executive Chair of the Board
         2   Lead Director


         INCOME TAX AND OTHER GOVERNMENT                                        OTHER GOVERNMENT PAYMENTS
         PAYMENTS                                                               In addition to paying income tax on the profits we earn, we
                                                                                contribute significantly to Canadians by paying taxes and fees to, or
         We proactively manage our tax affairs to enhance our business          mandated by, federal, provincial, and municipal governments,
         decisions and optimize after-tax free cash flow available for          including:
         investment in our business and shareholder returns. We have            • various taxes on the salaries and wages we pay (payroll taxes) to
         comprehensive policies and procedures to ensure we are                    approximately 25,000 employees;
         compliant with all tax laws and reporting requirements, including      • property and business taxes;
         filing and making all income and sales tax returns and payments on     • unrecoverable sales taxes and custom duties; and
         a timely basis. As part of this process, we pursue open and            • broadcast, spectrum, and other regulatory fees.
         cooperative relationships with revenue authorities to minimize audit
         effort and reduce tax uncertainty. We also engage with                 As outlined in the table below, the total cost to Rogers of these
         government policy makers on taxation matters that affect Rogers        payments in 2025 was $1,753 million.
         and its shareholders, employees, customers, and other
                                                                                                                                      Years ended December 31
         stakeholders.
                                                                                (In millions of dollars)                                         2025               2024
         INCOME TAX PAYMENTS                                                    Income taxes paid                                                 700                 545
         Our total income tax expense of $720 million in 2025 was lower         Add:
         than the expense computed on our accounting income at the                  Unrecoverable sales taxes paid                                 12                  11
         statutory rate of 26.2% as a result of a non-taxable gain on               Payroll taxes paid                                            165                 179
         revaluation of our MLSE investment. Cash income tax payments               Regulatory and spectrum fees
                                                                                      paid 1                                                      808                 786
         totalled $700 million in 2025. The primary reasons our cash income
                                                                                    Property and business taxes paid                               68                  71
         tax is lower than our income tax expense are the timing of
         installment payments and the significant capital investment we         Taxes paid and other government
         continue to make in our wireless and cable networks throughout           payments 2                                                    1,753               1,592
         Canada. Similar to tax systems throughout the world, Canadian tax      1 Includes an allocation of $442 million (2024 – $442 million) relating to the $3.3 billion,
         laws permit investments in such productivity-enhancing assets to be      $24 million, $1.7 billion, $3.3 billion, and $475 million we paid for the acquisition of
                                                                                  spectrum licences in 2014, 2015, 2019, 2021, and 2024, respectively.
         deducted for tax purposes more quickly than they are depreciated       2 Taxes paid and other government payments is a non-GAAP financial measure. This is
         for financial statement purposes.                                        not a standardized financial measure under IFRS and might not be comparable to
                                                                                  similar financial measures disclosed by other companies. See “Non-GAAP and Other
                                                                                  Financial Measures” for more information about this measure.

                                                                                We also collected on behalf of the government $2,850 million in
                                                                                sales taxes on our products and services and $1,069 million in
                                                                                employee payroll taxes.



69   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Risk Management
We strive to continually strengthen our risk management                    operation of our network and businesses in the event of threats and
capabilities to protect and enhance shareholder value. The                 natural disasters. Such threats include cyberattacks or equipment
purpose of risk management is not to eliminate risk but to optimize        failures that could cause various degrees of network outages;
trade-offs between risk and return to maximize value to the                supply chain disruptions; natural disaster threats; epidemics;
organization. As such, we will knowingly take certain risks to             pandemics; and political instability. Our ERM program also
generate earnings and encourage innovation that advance us as a            includes insurance coverage allowing us to transfer certain
customer-centric market leader. To maintain our reputation and             risks. Lastly, ERM works with Internal Audit to monitor the adequacy
trust, we will always work to ensure the impacts (financial,               and effectiveness of controls to reduce risks to an acceptable level.
operational, strategic, regulatory, privacy, and cyber security) of our
                                                                           Annually, ERM carries out a corporate risk assessment. The
risk-taking activities are understood and are in line with our strategic
                                                                           assessment includes reviewing risk and audit reports and industry
objectives and company values.
                                                                           benchmarks and conducting an annual risk survey of all senior
                                                                           leaders. Based on the survey results, ERM, in consultation with
RISK GOVERNANCE                                                            senior management, identifies the key risks to achieving our
The Board has overall responsibility for risk governance and
                                                                           corporate objectives. ERM reports the results of the annual
oversees management in identifying the key risks we face in our
                                                                           corporate risk assessment to the Executive Leadership Team, the
business and implementing appropriate risk assessment processes
                                                                           Audit and Risk Committee, and the Board and provides quarterly
to manage these risks. It delegates certain risk oversight and
                                                                           risk updates.
management duties to the Audit and Risk Committee.
                                                                           ERM also facilitates management’s completion of the financial
The Audit and Risk Committee discusses risk policies with
                                                                           statement fraud risk assessment which aims to ensure there is no
management and the Board and assists the Board in overseeing
                                                                           potential fraud or misstatement in our financial statements and
our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
                                                                           disclosures and to assess whether controls are adequately
The Audit and Risk Committee also reviews:                                 designed and operating effectively to mitigate financial statement
• the adequacy of the internal controls that have been adopted to          fraud risk.
  safeguard assets from loss and unauthorized use, to prevent,
                                                                           Internal Audit is the third line of defence. Internal Audit is an
  deter, and detect fraud, and to ensure the accuracy of the
                                                                           independent and objective assurance function that evaluates the
  financial records;
                                                                           design and operational effectiveness of internal controls and risk
• the processes for identifying, assessing, and managing risks;
                                                                           management processes supporting the mitigation of risks that may
• our exposure to major risks and trends and management’s
                                                                           affect the achievement of our objectives.
  implementation of risk policies and actions to monitor and
  control these exposures, including cybersecurity, privacy,               The Executive Leadership Team and the Audit and Risk Committee
  technology, and environmental;                                           are responsible for approving our enterprise risk policies. Our ERM
• the implementation of new major systems and changes to                   methodology and policies rely on the expertise of our
  existing major systems;                                                  management and employees to identify risks and opportunities
• our business continuity and disaster recovery plans;                     and implement risk mitigation strategies as required.
• any special audit steps adopted due to material weaknesses or
  significant deficiencies that may be identified; and
• other risk management matters from time to time as determined            RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES AFFECTING OUR
  by the Audit and Risk Committee or directed by the Board.                BUSINESS
                                                                           This section describes the principal risks and uncertainties that
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT
                                                                           could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program uses the “3 Lines
                                                                           results. Any discussion about risks should be read in conjunction
of Defence” framework to identify, assess, manage, monitor, and
                                                                           with “About Forward-Looking Information”.
communicate risks. Our business units and departments, led by the
Executive Leadership Team, are the first line of defence and are
accountable for managing or accepting the risks. Together, they            CYBERSECURITY
identify and assess key risks, define controls and action plans to         Our industry is vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks that are growing
minimize these risks, and enhance our ability to meet our business         in both frequency and complexity. Cybersecurity attacks are
objectives.                                                                perpetrated by a variety of groups and persons, including
                                                                           cybercriminals and state-sponsored threat actors. Some of these
ERM is the second line of defence. ERM helps management                    perpetrators reside in jurisdictions where law enforcement
identify the key and emerging risks in meeting our corporate and           measures to address such attacks are ineffective or unavailable.
business unit objectives in line with our risk appetite. At the            Additionally, the introduction of 5G, cloud computing, increased
business unit and department level, ERM works with management              digitization, and the use of emerging technologies such as
to provide governance and advice in managing the key risks and             generative artificial intelligence (gen AI) have resulted in greater
associated controls to mitigate these risks. Business Continuity is a      cybersecurity risks and more complex cybersecurity attacks. Rogers,
function within ERM which also assists the business in mitigating          along with our third-party providers, employs systems and network
key risks. Specifically, the Business Continuity function oversees         infrastructure that are subject to cyberattacks, which may include
incident management and planning to maintain customer service,             theft of assets, unauthorized access to proprietary or sensitive



                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   70
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         information, destruction or corruption of data, ransomware attacks,        resources to develop our networks and implement in an agile
         or operational disruption. A significant cyberattack against our           framework to meet customer and business demands. It is possible,
         critical network infrastructure and supporting information systems         however, that there may not be sufficient consumer demand, or
         (or those of our third-party providers) could result in service            that we may not anticipate or satisfy demand for certain products
         disruptions, litigation, loss of customers, incurring significant costs,   and services or be able to offer or market these new products and
         or reputational damage.                                                    services successfully to subscribers. If we do not attract subscribers
                                                                                    to new products and services profitably or keep pace with
         We routinely work with third-party providers, including cloud
                                                                                    changing consumer preferences, we could experience slower
         service providers, whose products and services are used in our
                                                                                    revenue growth and increased churn. This could have a material
         business operations. These third-party providers have experienced
                                                                                    adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
         cybersecurity attacks in the past and, based on industry trends, we
                                                                                    condition.
         expect will continue to experience cybersecurity attacks that
         attempt to obtain unauthorized access to our sensitive information         Several technologies have affected the way our services are
         or create operational disruptions.                                         delivered, including:
                                                                                    • broadband;
         We continue to experience social engineering attacks targeting our         • IP-based voice, data, and video delivery services;
         team members, customers, and third-party providers. These                  • increased use of optical fibre technologies to businesses and
         attacks, often perpetrated by organized cybercriminal groups,                residences;
         involve persuading the targeted individuals to disclose sensitive          • broadband wireless access and wireless services using a radio
         information, plant malicious software, share their access credentials,       frequency spectrum to which we may have limited or no access;
         or take other fraudulent actions that are then used to steal data or         and
         carry out unauthorized changes to our customers’ accounts.                 • applications and services using cloud-based technology,
         We have an information and cybersecurity program that includes               independent of carrier or physical connectivity.
         established cyber governance practices designed to reinforce the           These technologies may also lead to significantly different cost
         importance of remaining a secure, vigilant, and resilient                  structures for users and therefore affect the long-term viability of
         organization. Our ongoing success depends on protecting our                some of our current technologies. Some of these technologies
         sensitive data and key service delivery systems, including personal        have allowed competitors to enter our markets with similar
         information about our customers and personnel. We rely on                  products or services at lower costs. These competitors may also be
         security awareness training, policies, procedures, and IT systems to       larger and/or have greater access to financial resources. Additional
         protect this information. Success also depends on our continuing           competitors with advances in technology, such as high-speed
         to monitor through risk management programs, leveraging                    Internet service from low Earth orbit satellite operators like Starlink,
         external threat intelligence and significant partnerships, internal        have entered the Canadian market and could have a material
         monitoring, reviewing industry practices, and implementing                 adverse impact on our results of operations.
         controls as appropriate to maintain ongoing cyber resilience. We
         have established incident response plans and regularly conduct             Reliance on technology
         cybersecurity exercises to increase preparedness for cybersecurity         Our technologies, processes, and systems are operationally
         breaches, intrusions, and attacks.                                         complex and increasingly interconnected. Further, our businesses
         External threats to the network and our business are constantly            depend on IT systems for day-to-day operations and critical
         changing and there is no assurance we will be able to protect the          elements of our network infrastructure and IT systems are
         network from all future threats. The impact of such attacks may            concentrated in various physical facilities. If we are unable to
         affect our customer service, key service delivery systems or other         operate our systems, make enhancements to accommodate
         operations, and our financial results. We continue to invest in our        customer growth and new products and services, or if our systems
         cybersecurity program and conduct regular assessments to test our          experience disruptions or failures, it could have an adverse effect
         resiliency.                                                                on our ability to acquire new subscribers, service customers,
                                                                                    manage churn, produce accurate and timely subscriber invoices,
                                                                                    generate revenue growth, and manage operating expenses. This
         TECHNOLOGY
                                                                                    could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
         New technologies
                                                                                    operations, and financial condition.
         Our network plans assume the availability of new technology for
         both wireless and wireline networks, including 5G technology in
         the wireless industry and future DOCSIS enhancements and                   Impact of failures on customer service
         evolutions in the wireline industry. While we work with industry           Customers have high expectations of reliable and consistent
         standards bodies and our vendors to ensure timely delivery of new          performance of our networks. Failure to maintain high service levels
         technology, there are no assurances these technologies will be             and to effectively manage network traffic could have an impact on
         available as and when required. Delays in the availability of the new      the customer experience, potentially resulting in an increase in
         technologies may adversely impact our go-to-market plans for               customer churn. Due to the increased demand and traffic on our
         offering new products and services to our customers.                       networks, there could be capacity and congestion pressures. If our
                                                                                    networks or key network or IT components fail, it could, in some
         As new technologies become available, a substantial portion of our         circumstances, result in a loss of service for our customers for
         future revenue growth could come from new and advanced                     certain periods and have a material adverse effect on our business,
         services, and we will need to continue to invest significant capital       results of operations, and financial condition.




71   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
We work to protect our networks and our services from the impact          impact on our business, results of operations, reputation, or
of natural disasters and major weather events such as ice storms,         customer experience (see “customer experience” below).
wind storms, forest fires, flooding, earthquakes, or landslides where
it is necessary and feasible to do so. There are no assurances that a     REGULATORY RISKS
future event will not cause service outages and that such outages         Changes in regulations or the regulatory framework under which
would not affect our results. Service disruptions or outages could        we operate
also affect our operations if not quickly resolved, potentially causing   Substantially all of our Canadian business activities are subject to
a risk of billing delays or errors. If we fail to have appropriate        regulations and policies established under various pieces of
response strategies and protocols in place to handle service              legislation,     including    the     Broadcasting      Act,     the
outages in the face of these types of events, they could have an          Telecommunications Act, the Radiocommunication Act, and the
impact on our revenue and our customer experience. Recovering             Copyright      Act.      Regulation    of    broadcasting       and
from these disasters could require significant resources and              telecommunications is generally administered by the Canadian
remediation costs, which are difficult to estimate. Further, the CRTC     Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC)
is reviewing practices around major service outage reporting and          under the supervision of the Department of Canadian Heritage and
considering mandatory refunds for such major service outages (see         Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED
“Regulation In Our Industry – CRTC Outage Reporting” for more             Canada), respectively. The allocation and use of wireless spectrum
information), the outcome of which could result in more onerous           in Canada is governed by spectrum licences issued by, and radio
requirements.                                                             authorization conditions set by, ISED Canada pursuant to the
                                                                          Radiocommunication Act.
Satellite
We currently utilize two satellites (Anik F3 and Anik G1) owned by        Changes to the legislative and regulatory frameworks governing
Telesat to provide satellite TV services to customers. Anik F2, which     our broadband, wireless, and broadcasting operations could
we had previously used, was proactively removed from service for          materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
our direct-to-home customers on February 29, 2024, following              results of operations. This regulation relates to, among other things,
Telesat’s public disclosure of anomalies with two of four station-        licensing and related fees, competition, the television
keeping thrusters and the resulting service interruptions. Any future     programming services we must distribute, wireless and wireline
anomalies with, or failure of any remaining satellite could negatively    interconnection agreements, the rates we may charge to provide
affect customer service and our relationships with our customers          access to our networks by third parties, the resale of our networks
and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation,                 and roaming on our networks, our operation and ownership of
operations, and financial results.                                        communications systems, and our ability to acquire an interest in
                                                                          other communications systems. In addition, the costs of providing
We do not maintain insurance coverage for the transponders on             services may be increased from time to time as a result of
Anik F3 or Anik G1, including business interruption insurance, that       compliance with industry or legislative initiatives to address
would cover damage related to the loss of use of one or more of           consumer protection concerns or issues such as copyright, privacy,
the transponders on the satellites.                                       cybercrime, and lawful access. Such changes could increase
                                                                          operational costs, restrict or impede our service offerings,
The provision of Internet connectivity in rural areas by new entrants
                                                                          necessitate reductions in capital deployment and network
leveraging low Earth orbit satellite technology, or expanded
                                                                          investments, reduce our ability to compete, or limit returns on past
broadband or wireless infrastructure from legacy providers, could
                                                                          or future network investments. The ongoing proceedings we
also result in declining subscriber trends among Satellite
                                                                          currently expect might have the most significant potential impact
customers.
                                                                          on our business are various matters related to the regulatory
                                                                          framework governing wholesale wireline and wireless access (see
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE                                                   “Regulation in our Industry” and “Litigation Risks”).
The transformative potential of artificial intelligence (AI) is
accompanied by significant risk. AI-generated output may be               Our broadcasting and spectrum licences are granted for specified
inaccurate or biased and, if integrated into critical processes, could    terms and subject to conditions imposed by the CRTC and ISED
result in poor decision-making, unforeseen outcomes, or reliance          Canada, respectively. These licensing conditions, including
on inaccurate information. Uploading or otherwise exposing                associated fees, may be modified by the regulators at any time.
Rogers information to publicly accessible or third-party AI tools         Upon expiry, there is no guarantee that a licence will be renewed.
(including through prompts, file uploads, or connectors) may result       Non-compliance with licence conditions could result in forfeiture of
in loss of confidentiality and control, potential incorporation into      that licence or the imposition of financial penalties. Any such
model training or telemetry, and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive      adverse licensing outcome could have a material adverse effect on
information. Reliance on third-party AI services and embedded AI          our business operations and financial results.
features may also introduce operational, legal, and compliance
                                                                          The licences include conditions requiring us to comply with
risks if those services change, become unavailable, or produce
                                                                          Canadian ownership restrictions of the applicable legislation. We
outputs that are inaccurate or infringe intellectual property or other
                                                                          are currently in compliance with all of these Canadian ownership
rights of others, or if AI regulation or enforcement evolve to create
                                                                          and control requirements. If these requirements were violated, we
unanticipated compliance obligations. AI systems can be a vector
                                                                          would be subject to various penalties, possibly including the loss of
for prompt-injection, data exfiltration, model position, deepfakes/
                                                                          a licence.
social engineering, and related threats that could impair systems or
harm customers. Each of these risks could have a material adverse



                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   72
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Spectrum                                                                 a competitor for some or all of their services, any of which could
         Radio spectrum is one of the fundamental assets required to carry        have a material adverse impact on our business, results, and
         on our Wireless business. Our ability to maintain and enhance            financial condition.
         current services, and to introduce new competitive offerings,
                                                                                  Our business is complex and we seek to reduce that complexity
         depends on our continued access to sufficient spectrum, including
                                                                                  through transformational initiatives and simplification. As a result,
         the renewal of existing licences and the acquisition of new ones, at
                                                                                  we operate multiple platforms, billing systems, sales channels, rate
         a reasonable cost. If we are unable to secure necessary spectrum,
                                                                                  plans, brands, and product offerings, all in the context of a large
         whether due to auction rules, licence conditions, or other factors,
                                                                                  customer base and a workforce that continuously manages
         our service quality, network performance, and ability to provide
                                                                                  through attrition and training. This operational complexity,
         competitive data speeds could be impaired. This may negatively
                                                                                  including the impact of any potential workforce reduction on our
         affect our ability to acquire and retain customers, our business
                                                                                  response times with customers, may lead to customer confusion or
         operations, and our financial results. Further, any changes to the
                                                                                  billing, service, or other errors, any of which could adversely impact
         Radiocommunication Act could impact our business practices or
                                                                                  customer satisfaction, acquisition, and retention.
         the processes governing our acquisition of new spectrum for
         purposes of building our wireless networks.                              We operate in multiple lines of business across the country and our
                                                                                  products and services impact the lives of millions of Canadians
         Radio frequency emissions                                                every day. As a result, attention drawn to us in the media for various
         From time to time, media and other reports have highlighted              reasons, including but not limited to customer billing issues, rate
         alleged links between radio frequency emissions from wireless            increases, service issues, or other customer complaints, could
         devices (including new 5G technology) and various health                 erode our brand reputation and have an adverse impact on
         concerns, including cancer, and interference with various medical        customer acquisition and retention, which in turn could impact our
         devices, including hearing aids and pacemakers. This may                 business, results, and financial condition.
         discourage the use of wireless devices or expose us to potential
                                                                                  AI-based technology solutions provide an opportunity for us to
         litigation even though there are no definitive reports or studies
                                                                                  provide a better, cost-effective, and more convenient customer and
         stating that these health issues are directly attributable to radio
                                                                                  contact centre agent experience. The use of these solutions
         frequency emissions. Future regulatory actions may result in more
                                                                                  involves risks that could adversely affect customer experience or our
         restrictive standards on radio frequency emissions from
                                                                                  business. Such risks include customer acceptance (for example,
         low-powered devices like wireless devices. We cannot predict the
                                                                                  customers may be resistant to interacting with AI), off-policy,
         nature or extent of any restrictions.
                                                                                  incomplete, or inaccurate responses (which may frustrate
                                                                                  customers and harm our reputation), limited ability to handle
         Access to support structures and municipal rights of way                 nuanced or sensitive issues, and service changes or interruptions
         To build and support the rollout of 5G, and to continue upgrading        from third-party providers that could affect availability or
         our wireline network, we must have access to support structures          performance. Use of AI-based technologies also involve the risks
         and municipal rights of way to install equipment on municipal            under “Artificial Intelligence” above.
         poles and buildings, and on Indigenous land. Under the
         Telecommunications Act, the CRTC has jurisdiction over support           ECONOMIC AND GEOPOLITICAL UNCERTAINTY
         structures owned by telecommunication carriers and municipal             Our businesses are affected by general economic conditions and
         rights of way. The CRTC’s jurisdiction does not extend to electrical     consumer confidence and spending. Recessions, inflation, tariffs on
         utility support structures, which are regulated by provincial utility    trade between Canada and its trading partners, declines in
         authorities.                                                             economic activity, higher living costs relative to income, and
                                                                                  financial and capital market volatility (in each case, whether actual,
         CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE                                                      threatened, perceived, or expected), and other economic
         Our customers’ loyalty and their likelihood to recommend Rogers          uncertainty can (i) erode consumer and business confidence and
         are both dependent upon our ability to provide a service                 reduce discretionary spending or (ii) result in increased costs for us
         experience that meets or exceeds their expectations, both in terms       to acquire goods and services required in our business. Any of
         of service level and value for money. We handle tens of millions of      these factors can negatively affect us through lower demand for our
         customer interactions annually, ranging from potential new               products and services, decreased revenue and profitability, and
         customers making in-store and online purchases to existing               higher churn and bad debt expense. A significant portion of our
         customers calling for technical support and everything in between.       broadcasting and digital revenue comes from the sale of
         We understand that every time a customer uses one of our services,       advertising and is affected by the strength of the economy.
         such as making a call or browsing the Internet on their wireless
         device, watching their favourite show using their Internet or            COMPETITIVE INTENSITY
         television services, or listening to one of our radio stations, their    Competitive behaviour and market dynamics are continuously
         experience affects all future interactions with any Rogers brand. If     changing in our fast-paced industry. There is no assurance that our
         our services do not deliver the usage experience our customers           current or future competitors will not provide services that are
         expect from us, and if we do not have clear, simple, and fair            superior to ours or at lower prices, adapt more quickly to evolving
         interactions with our customers, it could cause confusion and            industry trends or changing market requirements, enter markets in
         frustrate our customers, have a negative impact to our reputation or     which we operate, or introduce competing services. The federal
         brand, or result in lost sales opportunities or customers switching to   government also continues to promote competition and




73   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                       management functions, contact centre support, installation and




                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
affordability, and is committed to universal high-speed Internet for
every Canadian by 2030. Canadian regulators continue to consider       service technicians, and network and IT functions. If interruptions in
whether the regulatory framework governing wholesale wireline and      these services or at these suppliers occur, including global supply
wireless access should be expanded. Any of these factors could         chain issues, it could adversely affect our ability to provide service to
increase churn or reduce our business market share or revenue.         our customers, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue
                                                                       and profitability.
Depending on various factors, including economic conditions and
responses from our competitors or current and potential
                                                                       PRIVACY
customers, we may need to change our pricing offers to attract new
                                                                       In the evolving digital world, privacy and the ways in which
customers and retain existing subscribers. As wireless penetration
                                                                       organizations handle personal information are becoming
of the population deepens, new wireless customers may generate
                                                                       increasing priorities for consumers. Ensuring appropriate
lower average monthly revenue, which could slow revenue growth.
                                                                       governance over this data has become even more critical. As the
Global technology giants continue to increase content spending in      move to digital transactions accelerated over the past several years,
new markets, such as sports media, resulting in increased              companies continued to gain greater amounts of data on
competition for our Media and Cable segments. This may result in       customers and employees. The nature of the products and services
an increase in churn as customers now have additional choices of       we offer our customers means we are entrusted with a significant
supplementary sources of media content.                                amount of personal information. This means ensuring appropriate
                                                                       safeguards and privacy protections are in place is a priority for us.
Competition is increasing for content programming rights from          We are the stewards of this data and this responsibility is of the
both traditional linear television broadcasters and online             utmost importance to us. If a privacy breach were to occur and
competitors. Online providers have moved towards self-made, self-      personal information was made public, there could be a material
hosted exclusive content, and are aggressively competing for rights    adverse effect on our reputation and our business.
such that traditional broadcasters may not gain access to desirable
programming. Overall increased competition for content could           Our customers expect us to responsibly collect, use, and disclose
increase costs of programming rights. As broadcasters and              personal information, while keeping it secure. Lawmakers and
distributors sign longer-term agreements to secure programming         regulators recognize this consumer priority, resulting in expected
rights, this could affect the availability of desirable programming    changes to privacy laws and greater regulatory oversight, guidance,
rights and result in lower revenue due to a lack of access to these    and expectations for businesses in how they treat the personal
rights. Lower revenue in turn could adversely affect the operating     information under their custody and control.
results of our business if we are unable to recover programming        Our customer privacy policy transparently discloses how we handle
investments through advertising revenue and subscription fee           personal information. It is reviewed regularly and updated as laws
increases that reflect the market.                                     or our handling of personal information changes. If there are
In addition, the CRTC Broadcasting Distribution Regulations do not     changes to our privacy policy, we ensure our customers are notified
allow cable operators to obtain exclusive contracts in buildings       in a timely manner.
where it is technically feasible to install two or more transmission
systems.                                                               FINANCIAL RISKS
                                                                       Capital commitments, liquidity, debt, and interest payments
Continued deployments of fibre networks by competitors may lead        Our capital commitments and financing obligations could have
to an increase in the reach, speed, and stability of their wireline    important consequences, including:
services. This could result in an increase in churn in our Cable       • requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash provided
services.                                                                by operating activities to pay principal amounts, which reduces
                                                                         funds available for other business purposes, including other
Improvements in the quality of streaming video over the Internet,
                                                                         financial operations, or to pay dividends;
coupled with increasing availability of television shows and movies
                                                                       • making us more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry
through OTT content providers, has resulted in competition for
                                                                         conditions;
viewership and increased competition for Canadian cable
                                                                       • limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in
television service providers. As a result, cord-cutting and cord-
                                                                         our business and industry;
shaving continues to increase as consumers withdraw from
                                                                       • putting us at a competitive disadvantage compared to
traditional cable services. If advances in technology are made to
                                                                         competitors who may have more financial resources or less
any alternative Canadian multi-channel broadcasting distribution
                                                                         financial leverage; or
system, our cable services may face increased competition. In
                                                                       • restricting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund
addition, as the technology for wireless Internet continues to
                                                                         working capital and capital expenditures and for other general
develop, it is, in some instances, replacing traditional wireline
                                                                         corporate purposes.
Internet.
                                                                       Our ability to satisfy our financial obligations depends on our future
RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES                                              operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive,
We have outsourcing, managed service, and supplier                     and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our
arrangements with third parties to provide certain essential           business may not generate sufficient cash flow in the future and
components of our business operations to our employees and             financings may not be available to provide sufficient net proceeds
customers. These include, but are not limited to, certain critical     to meet our obligations or to successfully execute our business
infrastructure components and devices, facilities or property          strategy.




                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   74
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         Credit ratings                                                            intended, our business and financial results could be adversely
         Credit ratings provide an independent measure of credit quality of        affected. This may result in subscriber losses, lower revenue, and
         a securities issuer and can affect our ability to obtain short- and       unfavourable customer satisfaction.
         long-term financing and the terms of the financing. If rating
         agencies lower the credit ratings on our debt, particularly a             Monitoring and controlling fraudulent activities
         downgrade below investment-grade, it could adversely affect our           As a large company with tens of thousands of employees and a
         cost of financing and access to liquidity and capital.                    range of desirable and valuable products and services, fraud
                                                                                   prevention requires a disciplined program covering governance,
         Changes to the methodology, criteria, or conclusions used by
                                                                                   exposure identification and assessment, prevention, detection, and
         rating agencies in assessing or assigning equity treatment or equity
                                                                                   reporting. This program must consider corruption and
         credit to the network transaction or our subordinated notes could
                                                                                   misappropriation of assets by employees or external parties. Fraud
         result in a downgrade in our credit ratings, decrease our flexibility
                                                                                   events can result in financial loss and brand degradation. In
         in responding to changing business and economic conditions,
                                                                                   addition to unauthorized access to digital boxes and Internet
         reduce our funds available for other business purposes, or make it
                                                                                   modems, a sample of potential examples of fraud relevant to us
         more difficult to obtain additional financing or refinance existing
                                                                                   include (i) inappropriate use of our cable or wireless networks,
         financing.
                                                                                   (ii) subscription fraud and fraudulent account takeovers for purpose
                                                                                   of hardware theft or SIM swapping, (iii) intentional manipulation of
         Capital markets                                                           financial statements by employees and/or external parties, (iv) theft
         External capital market conditions could affect our ability to make       of mobile phones, and (v) copyright theft and other forms of
         strategic investments and meet ongoing capital funding                    unauthorized use that undermine the exclusivity of our content
         requirements. Risk factors include a reduction in lending activity,       offerings.
         disruptions in capital markets, and regulatory requirements for an
         increase in bank capitalization, which could reduce the availability
                                                                                   Unauthorized access to digital boxes or Internet modems
         and/or increase the cost of capital.
                                                                                   With a significant number of Canadians purchasing illegal
                                                                                   pre-loaded set-top boxes and illegally streaming our television
         Income taxes and other taxes                                              products, cord-shaving, cord-cutting, and churn rates could increase.
         We collect, pay, and accrue significant amounts of income and             To address this, we use encryption technology developed and
         other taxes, such as federal and provincial sales, employment, and        supported by our vendors to protect our cable signals from
         property taxes.                                                           unauthorized access and to control access to programming based
         We have recorded significant amounts of deferred and current              on subscription packages. We also use encryption and security
         income tax liabilities and expense, and calculated these amounts          technologies to prevent unauthorized access to our Internet service.
         based on substantively enacted income tax rates in effect at the          There is no assurance we will be able to effectively prevent
         relevant time. A legislative change in these rates could have a           unauthorized decoding of television signals or Internet access in the
         material effect on the amounts recorded and payable in the future.        future. If we are unable to control cable access and subscriptions to
         We provide for income and other taxes based on all currently              digital programming with our encryption technology, including
         available information and believe that we have adequately                 premium or video-on-demand, our Cable revenue could decline.
         provided for these items. The calculation of applicable taxes in
         many cases, however, requires significant judgment in interpreting        Legal and ethical compliance
         tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to audits, which   We rely on our employees, officers, Board, suppliers, and other
         could materially change the amount of current and deferred                business partners to behave consistently with applicable legal and
         income tax assets, liabilities, and expense, and could, in certain        ethical standards in all jurisdictions in which we operate, including,
         circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and penalties.        but not limited to, anti-bribery laws and regulations. Situations
                                                                                   where individuals or others, whether inadvertently or intentionally,
         While we believe we have paid and provided for adequate                   do not adhere to our policies, applicable laws and regulations, or
         amounts of tax, our business is complex and significant judgment is       contractual obligations may expose us to litigation and the
         required in interpreting how tax legislation and regulations apply to     possibility of damages, sanctions, and fines, or of being disqualified
         us.                                                                       from bidding on contracts. This may have an adverse effect on our
                                                                                   business, results of operations, financial condition, reputation, and
         OTHER RISKS                                                               brand.
         Strategy and business plans
         Our strategy is vital to our long-term success. Changing strategic        Acquisitions, divestitures, or investments
         priorities or adding new strategic priorities could compromise            Acquiring complementary businesses and technologies,
         existing initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on our      developing strategic alliances, and divesting portions of our
         business, results of operations, and financial condition.                 business are often required to optimally execute our business
         We develop business plans, execute projects, and launch new               strategy. Some areas of our operations (and adjacent businesses)
         ventures to grow our business. If the expected benefits from these        are subject to rapidly evolving technologies and consumer usage
         do not materialize, this could have a material adverse effect on our      and demand trends and it is possible we may not effectively
         business, results of operations, and financial condition.                 forecast the value of consumer demand or risk of competing
                                                                                   technologies resulting in higher valuations for acquisitions or
         Our products, services, and networks rely, in part, on certain            missed opportunities.
         vendors. Should our vendors not deliver solutions that operate as



75   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Services, technologies, key personnel, or businesses of companies         remedial action concerning such releases, and the proper handling
we acquire may not be effectively integrated into our business or         and management of substances. These evolving considerations
service offerings, or our alliances may not be successful. We also        and more stringent laws and regulations could lead to increased
may not be able to successfully complete certain divestitures on          costs for compliance and rising costs of utilities. Failure to
satisfactory terms, if at all.                                            recognize and adequately respond could result in fines, regulatory
                                                                          scrutiny, loss of stakeholder confidence, or damage to our
Decline of television subscribers in Canada (cord-cutting and             reputation or brand.
cord-shaving)
The number of households that subscribe to television service in          Pandemics, epidemics, and other public health emergencies
Canada continues to decline. Other video offerings available to           Pandemics, epidemics, and public health emergencies could
consumers (for example, direct-to-consumer subscription and free          occur, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain
services), as well as piracy, have contributed to this trend. If this     operational networks and provide products and services to our
decline continues, it could have a material adverse effect on our         customers (including the ability to host in-person attendance at our
results of operations.                                                    sports games and other events held at Rogers Centre or
                                                                          Scotiabank Arena), as well as the ability of our suppliers to provide
Migrating from conventional to digital media                              us with products and services we need to operate our business.
Our Media business operates in many industries that can be                Any such pandemics, epidemics, and other public health
affected by customers migrating from conventional to digital              emergencies could also have an adverse effect on the economy
media, which is driving shifts in the quality and accessibility of data   and financial markets resulting in a declining level of retail and
and mobile alternatives to conventional media. We have been               commercial activity, which could have a negative impact on the
shifting our focus towards the digital market. Increasing                 demand for, and prices of, our products and services.
competition for advertising revenue from digital platforms, such as
search engines, social networks, and digital content alternatives,        Work stoppages or other labour disruptions
has resulted in advertising dollars migrating from conventional           Athletes playing on each of our major league sports teams belong
television broadcasters to digital platforms. The impact is greater       to player associations for their respective sports, each of which is
on conventional over-the-air broadcast networks that do not have a        governed by a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) that is
second revenue stream from subscription revenue. Our Media                subject to periodic renegotiation. Should the renegotiations not
results could be adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in shifting    result in the ratification of a new or extended CBA prior to the start
advertising dollars from conventional to digital platforms.               of the next season, the next season could be delayed or cancelled
                                                                          due to a lockout or strike, resulting in the postponement or
Our market position in radio and television                               cancellation of games and an associated reduction in revenue.
Advertising dollars typically migrate to media properties that are        Each of the MLB, NHL, and NBA have experienced labour
leaders in their respective markets and categories, particularly when     disruptions in the past and each of the leagues in which we operate
advertising budgets are tight. Our radio and television properties        may have labour issues in the future. For example, the MLB has
may not continue performing how they currently perform.                   experienced lockouts in the past that resulted in a regular season
Advertisers base a substantial part of their purchasing decisions on      being shortened from 162 games to 113 games, including the
ratings data generated by industry associations and agencies. If our      cancellation of the World Series. The current MLB CBA expires after
radio and television ratings decrease substantially, our advertising      the 2026 season. The NHL has also experienced lockouts in the
sales volumes and the rates that we charge advertisers could be           past that either resulted in a regular season being shortened or the
adversely affected.                                                       cancellation of an entire season, with the most recent lockout
                                                                          during the 2012-13 NHL season, which resulted in a regular season
Climate change                                                            that was shortened from 82 to 48 games. The NHL has CBAs in
Climate change is an increasingly important consideration in all          place until the 2029-2030 season. The NBA has also experienced
businesses, including the telecommunications business. Failure, or        lockouts in the past that resulted in regular seasons being
a lack, of climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts could         shortened, with the most recent lockout during the 2011-12 season
affect our business through potential disruption of our operations        resulting in a regular season that was shortened from 82 games to
or supply chains, damage to our infrastructure, and the effects on        66 games. The current NBA CBA expires after the 2029-30 season,
the communities we serve. The physical risk to our infrastructure         but each of the NBA and the National Basketball Players
caused by extreme weather disturbances related to climate change          Association has the right to terminate the CBA effective the end of
can significantly affect our ability to maintain secure communication     the 2028-29 season. Labour disputes, such as players’ strikes,
services to all our customers, including governments and health           protests, or lockouts, with the unions with which the respective
and emergency services.                                                   leagues have CBAs have had and could have a material negative
Climate change and the environment are drawing more attention             effect on our business and results of operations.
through evolving stakeholder interest and management
expectations. Many aspects of our operations are subject to               Controlling shareholder ownership risk
evolving and increasingly stringent federal, provincial, and local        Rogers is a family-founded, family-controlled company. Voting
environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. Such laws         control of RCI is held by the Trust for the benefit of successive
and regulations impose requirements on matters such as the                generations of the Rogers family and, as a result, the Trust is able to
release of substances into the environment, corrective and                elect all members of the Board and to control the vote on most




                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   76
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         matters submitted to shareholders, whether through a shareholder          we acquired control of on July 1, 2025. In our consolidated financial
         meeting or a written consent resolution. The beneficiaries of the         statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, MLSE
         Trust are a small group of individuals who are members of the             contributed approximately $0.6 billion of consolidated revenue,
         Rogers family, some of whom are also directors of the Board. The          net income of approximately $50 million, and total assets of
         trustee is the trust company subsidiary of a Canadian chartered           approximately $3.0 billion as at December 31, 2025. Additionally,
         bank.                                                                     as at December 31, 2025, the current assets and current liabilities
                                                                                   of MLSE represented approximately 4% and 6% of consolidated
         As at December 31, 2025, private Rogers family holding
                                                                                   current assets and current liabilities, respectively, and the
         companies controlled by the Trust owned approximately 98% of
                                                                                   non-current assets and non-current liabilities of MLSE represented
         our outstanding Class A Shares (2024 – 98%) and approximately
                                                                                   approximately 3% and 1% of consolidated non-current assets and
         9% of our Class B Non-Voting Shares (2024 – 9%), or in total
                                                                                   non-current liabilities, respectively.
         approximately 27% of the total shares outstanding (2024 – 27%).
         Only Class A Shares carry the right to vote in most circumstances.
                                                                                   MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
         LITIGATION RISKS                                                          FINANCIAL REPORTING
         We are involved in various disputes, governmental and/or                  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
         regulatory inspections, investigations, and proceedings, and other        adequate internal control over financial reporting.
         litigation matters. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly,        Our internal control system is designed to give management and
         and highly disruptive to our business operations by diverting the         the Board reasonable assurance that our financial statements are
         attention and energy of management and other key personnel. It is         prepared and fairly presented in accordance with IFRS as issued by
         not possible for us to predict the outcome of such legal                  the IASB. The system is intended to provide reasonable assurance
         proceedings due to the various factors and uncertainties involved in      that transactions are authorized, assets are safeguarded, and
         the legal process. Potential outcomes include judgment, awards,           financial records are reliable. Management also takes steps to
         settlements, or orders that could have a material adverse effect on       assure the flow of information and communication is effective, and
         our business, reputation, financial condition and results. Legal          monitors performance and our internal control procedures.
         proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future
         manner of doing business. The amounts ultimately paid or received         Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
         upon settlement or pursuant to a final judgment, order, or decree         financial reporting as at December 31, 2025, based on the criteria
         may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial               set out in the Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
         statements.                                                               by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
                                                                                   Commission (COSO), and concluded that it was effective at that
         Based on information currently known to us, we believe it is not          date. As noted under “Disclosure Controls and Procedures”, we
         probable that the ultimate resolution of any of the current legal         have excluded MLSE from our assessment of the effectiveness of
         proceedings to which we are subject, individually or in total, will       our internal control over financial reporting as at December 31,
         have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results, or     2025. Our independent auditors, KPMG LLP, have issued an
         financial condition. If circumstances change and it becomes               unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
         probable that we will be held liable for claims against us and such       control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. This
         claim is estimable, we will recognize a provision during the period       report is included in our 2025 Audited Consolidated Financial
         in which the change in probability occurs, which could be material        Statements filed on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca).
         to our Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated
         Statements of Financial Position.                                         All internal control systems, however, no matter how well designed,
                                                                                   have inherent limitations, and even systems that have been
                                                                                   determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance
         CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                                   about the preparation and presentation of financial statements.
         DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
         We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and         CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
         operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as at                 REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
         December 31, 2025, under the supervision and with the                     PROCEDURES
         participation of our management, including the Chief Executive            Over the past several years, we implemented a new enterprise
         Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-15              resource planning system. In 2025, we implemented certain new
         promulgated under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as              supply chain functions in that system. In connection with the
         amended. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and        implementation, we updated our internal control over financial
         Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and        reporting, as necessary, to accommodate related changes to our
         procedures were effective at that date.                                   business processes and accounting procedures. We will continue
                                                                                   to monitor the effectiveness of these processes going forward.
         Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have limited
         the scope of their evaluations of the effectiveness of internal control
         over financial reporting and of our disclosure controls and
         procedures subsumed by internal control over financial reporting
         to exclude the controls, policies, and procedures of MLSE, which




77   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Regulation in our Industry
Our business, except for the non-broadcasting operations of            technical compliance requirements, lawful interception, research
Media, is regulated by two groups:                                     and development, and mandated antenna site sharing and
• ISED Canada on behalf of the Minister of Innovation, Science         domestic roaming services.
  and Industry; and
• the CRTC, under the Telecommunications Act and the                   ACCESS TO SUPPORT STRUCTURES AND MUNICIPAL
  Broadcasting Act.                                                    RIGHTS OF WAY
Regulation relates to the following, among other things:               To build and support the rollout of 5G, and to continue upgrading
• wireless spectrum and broadcasting licensing;                        our wireline network, we must have access to support structures and
• carriage and distribution of television programming services;        municipal rights of way to install equipment on municipal poles and
• wireless and wireline interconnection agreements;                    buildings, and on Indigenous land. Under the Telecommunications
• rates we can charge third parties for access to our wireline and     Act, the CRTC has jurisdiction over support structures owned by
  wireless networks;                                                   telecommunication carriers and municipal rights of way. The CRTC’s
• the resale of services on our networks;                              jurisdiction does not extend to electrical utility support structures,
• roaming on our networks and the networks of others;                  which are regulated by provincial utility authorities, nor does the
• ownership and operation of our communications systems;               CRTC’s jurisdiction extend access to municipal infrastructure or
• consumer protection; and                                             public property for the installation of wireless facilities, such as 5G
• our ability to acquire an interest in other communications           small cells. As a result, wireless carriers must continue to negotiate
  systems.                                                             access for 5G small cell antennas with local authorities on commercial
                                                                       terms, without recourse to the CRTC.
Regulatory changes or decisions can adversely affect our results of
operations. See “Regulatory Risks” within “Risk Management” for        In 2026, the CRTC is expected to issue decisions that will reform
more information. Our business can also be impacted by                 the municipal right-of-way access regulatory framework, particularly
regulations that are not specific to the telecommunications            around forced relocation cost recoveries for carriers. This could
industry, such as immigration policies.                                result in a change in, or the introduction of, regulatory
                                                                       requirements that impose, increase, or reduce financial obligations
                                                                       on the operation, maintenance, alteration, and construction of our
CANADIAN BROADCASTING OPERATIONS                                       network.
Our broadcasting operations, including our terrestrial and satellite
BDUs, satellite relay distribution undertakings (SRDU), radio
                                                                       CRTC CODES OF CONDUCT
stations, programming undertakings (conventional television
                                                                       We are subject to the CRTC’s codes of conduct: the Wireless
stations, discretionary services, and on-demand services), and
                                                                       Code, the Television Service Provider Code, and the Internet Code
online streaming services are regulated by the CRTC under the
                                                                       (collectively, the Codes). The Codes govern the terms and
Broadcasting Act.
                                                                       conditions of service in contracts between Rogers and our
Our broadcasting services depend on licences (or operate under         customers in connection with contract disclosures, early
an exemption order) granted and issued by the CRTC under the           cancellation fees, changes to contracts, cancellation and renewal
Broadcasting Act. The licences for our television stations,            rights of customers, and the disclosure of related costs, among
discretionary services, on-demand services (video-on-demand and        other matters. Each province also has consumer protection laws
terrestrial PPV), direct-to-home (DTH) PPV, terrestrial BDUs, DTH      that are applicable to our provision of services.
BDU, and SRDU expire on August 31, 2026. The licences for our
                                                                       On June 20, 2024, Bill C-69 amended the Telecommunications Act,
commercial radio stations, which we operate in British Columbia,
                                                                       imposing new requirements on service providers to remove
Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, and Nova Scotia, will be granted
                                                                       barriers to switching by prohibiting some fees, improving
indefinite licence terms as existing licences come up for renewal,
                                                                       notifications to consumers about their contract terms, and
pursuant to Broadcasting Decision CRTC 2025-265.
                                                                       enhancing self-service tools for consumers. To enact these new
                                                                       requirements, the CRTC initiated four public consultations in late
CANADIAN TELECOMMUNICATIONS OPERATIONS                                 2024 to consider expansions to the requirements under the
The CRTC is responsible under the Telecommunications Act for the       Wireless Code and Internet Code:
regulation of telecommunications carriers, including:                  • Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-293, Making it
• Wireless’ mobile voice and data operations; and                        easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Enhancing
• Cable’s Internet and telephone services.                               customer notification;
Our cable and telecommunications retail services are not currently     • Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-294, Making it
subject to retail price regulation, other than the CRTC’s                easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Removing
requirement for BDUs to offer a $25/month entry-level basic              barriers to switching plans;
television service. Regulations can and do, however, affect the        • Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC 2024-295, Making it
terms and conditions under which we offer these services.                easier to choose a wireless phone or Internet service – Enhancing
                                                                         self-service mechanisms; and
                                                                       • Telecom Notice of Consultation 2024-318, Making it easier for
SPECTRUM LICENCES                                                        consumers to shop for Internet services.
Spectrum licences are administered by ISED Canada under the
Radiocommunication Act. Spectrum use is governed by conditions         These consultations closed in 2025 and decisions are expected in
of licence, including licence term, transferability, divisibility,     2026.



                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   78
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         LIMITS ON NON-CANADIAN OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL                               service outage or disruption. The CRTC expressed the preliminary
         Non-Canadians can own and control, directly or indirectly:                 view that “Canadians may need better protections, including
         • up to 33.3% of the voting shares of a holding company with a             clearer communications or refunds when they experience a service
           subsidiary operating company licensed under the Broadcasting             outage with their home Internet, wireless, telephone, or television
           Act, and                                                                 services.” The proceeding closed on December 15, 2025. A
         • up to 20% of the voting shares of the operating licensee.                decision is outstanding.

         Combined, these limits can enable effective foreign control of up
                                                                                    CRTC UNIVERSAL SERVICE OBJECTIVE
         to 46.7% licensed broadcasting entity.
                                                                                    The CRTC has set as its universal service objective that Canadians,
         The chief executive officer and at least 80% of the members of the         in urban areas as well as in rural and remote areas, have access to
         board of directors of the operating licensee must be resident              voice services and broadband Internet access services, on both
         Canadians. There are no restrictions on non-voting shares held by          fixed and mobile wireless networks. To help attain the universal
         non-Canadians at either the holding company or the licensee level.         service objective, the CRTC has shifted the focus of its regulatory
         Neither the Canadian carrier nor its parent may be otherwise               frameworks from wireline voice services to broadband Internet
         controlled in fact by non-Canadians.                                       access services. To measure the successful achievement of this
                                                                                    objective, the CRTC has established several criteria, including:
         Under the Telecommunications Act and associated regulations,               • 90% of Canadian residential and business fixed broadband
         similar rules apply to Canadian telecommunications carriers,                  Internet access service subscribers should be able to access
         including wireless carriers, except there is no requirement for the           speeds of at least 50 Mbps download and 10 Mbps upload, and
         chief executive officer to be a resident Canadian. We are currently           to subscribe to a service offering with an unlimited data
         in compliance with applicable foreign ownership and control                   allowance by 2021, with the remaining 10% of the population
         requirements.       The     Telecommunications       Act   exempts            receiving such service by 2031; and
         telecommunications companies with less than 10% of total                   • the latest generally deployed mobile wireless technology should
         Canadian telecommunications market revenue from foreign                       be available not only in Canadian homes and businesses, but on
         investment restrictions. Companies that organically grow their                as many major transportation roads as possible in Canada.
         market share beyond 10% (other than through mergers or
                                                                                    Canadian ISPs are required to contribute a percentage of annual
         acquisitions) retain this exemption. We are currently in compliance
                                                                                    wireless and wireline revenues to the CRTC’s Broadband Fund,
         with all of these Canadian ownership and control requirements. If
                                                                                    which was created to improve access to Internet and mobile
         these requirements were violated, we would be subject to various
                                                                                    services in rural, remote, and Indigenous areas across Canada. The
         penalties, possibly including the loss of a licence.
                                                                                    CRTC is currently considering an application filed by Rogers to
                                                                                    amend the Broadband Fund’s collection and distribution of funds
         CRTC OUTAGE REPORTING                                                      process that may decrease the contribution rate. The CRTC is
         In February 2023, the CRTC launched a public consultation on how           simultaneously considering subsidies for broadband service in the
         telecommunication service providers should report major service            Far North pursuant to Telecom Notice of Consultation CRTC
         outages to the CRTC and other authorities. At the same time, the           2025-10, Implementing a retail Internet service subsidy in the Far
         CRTC set interim outage reporting requirements that came into              North, which may increase the contribution rate. On November 28,
         effect in March 2023. In September 2025, the CRTC published its            2025, the CRTC set a final 2025 revenue-percentage charge of
         final outage reporting requirements, requiring providers to                0.46% and set the interim 2026 rate at 0.11%. The final 2026 rate is
         (i) report major service outages to the CRTC and other government          expected to be determined within the first half of 2026.
         authorities (including ISED Canada, federal, provincial, and
         territorial emergency management organizations, and 911 call               BILL C-11 – AN ACT TO AMEND THE BROADCASTING ACT
         centres), (ii) follow specific requirements for major outages              On April 27, 2023, Bill C-11, the Online Streaming Act, which
         affecting 911, wireless public alerting, accessibility and 988 services,   amends the Broadcasting Act, received royal assent. In May 2023,
         and for outages that isolate small communities, and (iii) provide a        the CRTC launched its multi-year process to implement a
         comprehensive post-outage report to the CRTC within 30 days of             modernized broadcasting framework pursuant to the amended
         restoring services after a major service outage. In October 2025,          Act. This process is ongoing. On November 9, 2023, the Governor
         Rogers, together with several other telecommunications service             in Council’s Policy Direction came into force, directing the CRTC, in
         providers, filed a review and vary application with the CRTC on the        its implementation of Bill C-11 to, among other things (i) support
         basis that the new outage notification threshold was set too low.          Canadian artists and creative industries; (ii) advance Indigenous
         The CRTC subsequently suspended the implementation of the                  storytelling; (iii) increase representation of equity-seeking groups;
         new notification regime, maintaining the interim notification              (iv) ensure regulations are equitable, fair, and flexible; (v) redefine
         framework until a final decision is issued.                                Canadian programs; and (vi) exclude the content of social media
                                                                                    and digital creators, including podcasts, from regulation.
         CRTC CONSULTATION ON MANDATORY REFUNDS FOR
                                                                                    As part of the CRTC’s implementation of Bill C-11, the CRTC plans
         SERVICE OUTAGES                                                            to initiate a consultation in 2026 to establish tailored conditions of
         On September 4, 2025, the CRTC initiated Telecom and                       service setting out the monetary and non-monetary contributions
         Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC 2025-227, Consumer                for both traditional and online platforms determined at the
         protections in the event of a service outage or disruption, to             ownership group level. The tailored conditions of service could
         determine whether Canadian telecommunications providers                    result in new fees or expenditures payable by our broadcasting
         should be required to issue refunds or credits in the event of a           companies, or new carriage or discoverability requirements.



79   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
WIRELESS                                                                  TRANSFERS, DIVISIONS, AND SUBORDINATE LICENSING
                                                                          OF SPECTRUM LICENCES
ANNUAL MOBILE SPECTRUM LICENCE FEES                                       In June 2013, ISED Canada released Framework Relating to
In November 2024, ISED Canada released Consultation on a Fee              Transfers, Divisions and Subordinate Licensing of Spectrum
Framework and Amendments to Conditions of Licence for Certain             Licences for Commercial Mobile Spectrum. The Framework lays out
Spectrum Licences Used to Provide Commercial Mobile Services              the criteria ISED Canada will consider and the processes it will use
Below 10 GHz. The Consultation proposed to apply a new three-             when it reviews spectrum licence transfers, including the
tier annual spectrum fee rate structure to the following mobile           prospective transfers that could arise from purchase or sale options
spectrum bands: AWS-1; AWS-4; Cellular 850 MHz, PCS 1900                  and other agreements. Key items to note are that:
MHz; BRS 2500 MHz non-auctioned licences; 3500 MHz                        • ISED Canada will review all spectrum transfer requests and will
non-auctioned licences; and WCS 2300 MHz licences. The                       not allow any that result in “undue spectrum concentration” and
Consultation also proposed to use Statistics Canada 2021 census              reduced competition. Decisions will be made on a case-by-case
data for calculating the amount of fees that would be payable each           basis and will be issued publicly to increase transparency; and
year. Annual mobile spectrum fees are currently paid for Cellular         • licensees must ask for a review within 15 days of entering into
850 MHz and certain PCS 1900 MHz licences using 2001 census                  any agreement that could lead to a prospective transfer. ISED
data. In March 2025, ISED Canada issued its decision in which it             Canada will review the agreement as though the licence transfer
adopted its proposals to implement a three-tier fee rate structure.          that could arise from it has been made.
The new fee framework will be implemented in March 2026. As a
result of the new fee framework, our annual spectrum licence fees         In March 2023, ISED Canada implemented a moratorium on high-
will be $14 million higher in 2026 than they would have been              impact transfers of spectrum licences in commercial mobile bands.
under the previous spectrum fee regime. Our share of spectrum             “High-impact” transfers are defined as those that would have a
licences directly held by Orion Wireless Partnership, which were not      significant effect on the ability of telecommunications service
previously subject to annual fees, will add $4 million in fees. As with   providers to offer wireless services in Canada. The moratorium will
the previous regime, the new spectrum fee framework rates will be         remain in effect until ISED Canada completes a review of its
subject to annual Consumer Price Index adjustments.                       spectrum transfer framework.


SPECTRUM AUCTION OF RESIDUAL LICENCES                                     CRTC REVIEW OF MOBILE WIRELESS SERVICES
On August 28, 2025, ISED Canada announced a sealed-bid,                   On April 15, 2021 the CRTC issued Telecom Regulatory Policy
one-round residual spectrum auction to sell unsold licences or            2021-130, Review of mobile wireless services. The CRTC mandated
those that have been returned. There were 207 unallocated                 wholesale mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) access,
licences available in this auction, including spectrum in the 2300        seamless handoff for mandated wholesale roaming, and new
MHz, 3500 MHz, 3800 MHz, and 2 GHz PCS bands in various                   mandatory low-cost and occasional-use retail rate plans; however,
regions throughout Canada. There were no auction caps in place            mandated MVNO access will only be provided if certain conditions
and all qualified bidders could bid on all available spectrum.            are met. The CRTC decided that mandated MVNO access must be
Auction applications and deposits were submitted on December 2,           offered by the national carriers, and SaskTel in Saskatchewan, but
2025 and the final list of qualified bidders (eight including Rogers)     only made available to eligible regional wireless carriers that hold
was released on December 18, 2025. Sealed bids for the allocation         mobile spectrum licences, and only in the areas that are covered by
phase were due on January 27, 2026. ISED Canada announced the             their licences. The terms and conditions associated with mandated
winning bidders on February 6, 2026; we won 30 spectrum                   MVNO access must be approved by the CRTC, while rates will be
licences, primarily in the 3800 MHz band, for a total cost of             subject to commercial negotiation, backstopped by final offer
$84 million. We made the first payment of $17 million on                  arbitration, with the CRTC acting as arbitrator. Eligible regional
February 20, 2026. Final payment of the $67 million remaining             wireless carriers originally could only use the mandated MVNO
balance will be due on March 20, 2026.                                    access regime to serve consumers and small business end users
                                                                          (where small businesses are defined as accounts with less than 100
MILLIMETRE WAVE SPECTRUM                                                  lines).
In June 2022, ISED Canada released Consultation on Policy and             On October 19, 2022, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision CRTC
Licensing Framework for Spectrum in the 26 GHz, 28 GHz and 38             2022-288, Facilities-based wholesale mobile virtual network
GHz bands. The Consultation proposed to license millimetre wave           operator (MVNO) access tariffs – Commission determinations on
spectrum in the 26 GHz, 28 GHz, and 38 GHz bands using a                  proposed terms and conditions, which determined that wholesale
spectrum auction. In March 2025, ISED Canada released a decision          MVNO access service is available for use by regional wireless
to make the 28 GHz band available for non-competitive local               carriers that have deployed their own home Public Mobile Network
licensing and released a new Consultation on the 26 GHz and 38            (PMN) somewhere in Canada and are also offering retail wireless
GHz Bands. The new Consultation proposes to license a total of 2.4        services. To be eligible for the MVNO access, a regional wireless
GHz in the (lower and upper) 26 GHz band and 2.4 GHz in the 38            carrier must be registered with the CRTC as a wireless carrier, must
GHz band. It also proposes the use of one of the following two            have home PMN somewhere in Canada, and must be actively
potential measures: an 800 MHz set-aside for non-national (i.e.           offering mobile wireless services commercially to retail customers.
regional) service providers across the three bands or an
800 MHz spectrum cap across the two bands of either 800 MHz               On October 9, 2024, the CRTC issued Telecom Decision CRTC
(option 1) or 1200 MHz (option 2). A decision is outstanding.             2024-238, Facilities-based wholesale mobile virtual network




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   80
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         operator (MVNO) access tariffs – Expanding the scope to include             Canada and implementing a new Connected for Success
         enterprise and Internet of Things customers (TD 2024-238),                  wireless program for low-income Canadians across Canada,
         expanding the scope of the CRTC’s mandated MVNO regime to                   such that Connected for Success will be available to more than
         include the enterprise and Internet of Things and                           2.5 million eligible Canadians within five years;
         machine-to-machine (IoT/M2M) segments of the market (where                • maintaining a strong presence in Western Canada, including
         enterprises are defined as accounts with 100 lines or more). On             creating 3,000 new jobs within five years (and maintaining those
         November 19, 2025, the CRTC released Telecom Decision CRTC                  jobs until the tenth anniversary of closing) and maintaining a
         2025-303, dismissing our application to review and vary TD                  Western Canada headquarters in Calgary for at least ten years;
         2024-238.                                                                   and
                                                                                   • continuing to offer wireless plans to existing Shaw Mobile
         CRTC DECISION ON FINAL OFFER ARBITRATION BETWEEN                            customers as at the closing date with the same terms and
         ROGERS AND QUEBECOR REGARDING MVNO ACCESS                                   conditions (including eligibility) as the Shaw Mobile plans that
                                                                                     were available as at the closing date for five years.
         RATES
         On July 24, 2023, in Telecom Decision CRTC 2023-217, the CRTC             We will report on our progress towards each of these undertakings
         selected Quebecor’s offer in the context of Final Offer Arbitration       every year until such commitments have been met or for up to ten
         for MVNO rates and directed the parties to enter into an MVNO             years after the closing date of the Shaw Transaction, whichever is
         access agreement consistent with that offer. On May 28, 2025, the         earlier, including through a report that will be posted publicly on
         FCA dismissed our appeal of Telecom Decision CRTC 2023-217.               our website (the first of which was published in April 2024). If any
                                                                                   material element of any of the above commitments is not met, we
         ISED CANADA CONDITIONS OF LICENCE RELATING TO                             could be liable to pay ISED Canada $100 million in damages per
         WIRELESS SERVICE WITHIN THE TTC SUBWAY SYSTEM                             year (to a maximum of $1 billion) until the earlier of (i) such material
         On July 24, 2023, ISED Canada announced it had initiated a                elements having been met or fulfilled or (ii) ten years after the
         Consultation on Conditions of Licence relating to the Provision of        closing date of the Shaw Transaction.
         Service within the TTC subway system. On September 11, 2023, the
         Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry announced new                COPYRIGHT RETRANSMISSION OF DISTANT SIGNALS
         spectrum licence conditions, which required carriers to (i) provide       The Copyright Board of Canada establishes the royalties paid for
         equivalent levels of service to all TTC subway riders by October 3,       the use of copyrighted works, including the rates our broadcasting
         2023; (ii) expand existing network coverage in order to provide full      undertakings pay for the broadcast and distribution of audio and
         voice, text, and data services throughout the TTC subway system           audiovisual works. Pursuant to section 31(2) of the Copyright Act,
         within specific timeframes; and (iii) provide service in all future       BDUs are permitted to retransmit programming within distant
         stations and tunnels at the same time as they are made operational        over-the-air television signals as part of a compulsory licensing
         by the TTC. On October 2, 2023, we announced we had                       regime pursuant to the rates approved by the Copyright Board.
         developed and introduced an immediate solution to activate 5G             On December 18, 2018, the Copyright Board released the
         service for transit riders from all major Canadian wireless carriers in   approved rates for the 2014-2018 tariff period (Initial Rate
         the busiest sections of the TTC subway system.                            Decision). The Copyright Collectives and the BDUs each collectively
                                                                                   sought judicial review of the Initial Rate Decision. On July 22, 2021,
         CABLE                                                                     the FCA directed the Copyright Board to correct certain errors in
                                                                                   connection with its Initial Rate Decision. On January 12, 2024, the
         ISED CANADA REVIEW OF THE SHAW TRANSACTION                                Copyright Board issued its decision in the redetermination of the
         On March 31, 2023, the Minister of Innovation, Science and                2014-2018 tariff period (Redetermination Decision), which reduced
         Industry approved the transfer of Freedom’s spectrum licences to          the monthly per-subscriber rates for the years 2015-2018 on a
         Videotron, following which the Shaw Transaction and Freedom               retroactive basis.
         Transaction closed on April 3, 2023. As part of the regulatory
                                                                                   As a result of a subsequent judicial review application by the
         approval process, we have agreed to certain legally enforceable
                                                                                   Copyright Collectives, the FCA issued a decision on May 8, 2025,
         undertakings with ISED Canada, which reflect commitments we
                                                                                   setting aside the Copyright Board’s 2024 Redetermination
         made when the Shaw Transaction was announced, including:
                                                                                   Decision and directing the Copyright Board to make specific
         • $1 billion of investments over five years to connect rural, remote,
                                                                                   changes to the Tariff, which increased the monthly per-subscriber
            and Indigenous communities across Western Canada and to
                                                                                   rates for the years 2015-2018 on a retroactive basis. Consequently,
            close critical connectivity gaps faster for underserved areas,
                                                                                   we recognized a $36 million charge, including interest, in
            including to make broadband Internet services available where
                                                                                   “restructuring, acquisition and other” in 2025. On August 7, 2025,
            broadband Internet at a minimum 50 megabit per second
                                                                                   Rogers, Bell, Telus, Cogeco, and Videotron applied to the
            (Mbps) download speeds and 10 Mbps upload speeds is not
                                                                                   Supreme Court of Canada for leave to appeal the FCA’s second
            currently available and to make 5G wireless service available
                                                                                   judicial review decision. The SCC’s decision on the leave
            where mobile service using long-term evolution (LTE) is not
                                                                                   application is outstanding.
            available;
         • $2.5 billion of investments over five years to enhance and              A Copyright Board hearing to set the rates for one or both of the
            expand 5G coverage across Western Canada and $3 billion over           subsequent tariff periods (2019-2023 and 2024-2028) could start in
            five years related to additional network, services, and technology     2026. If the Copyright Board approves rates that align with the
            investments, including the expansion of our Cable network;             Collectives’ proposed tariff rates for either of such subsequent
         • expanding Connected for Success, our low-cost, high-speed               periods, Rogers could become subject to significantly higher
            Internet program, to low-income Canadians across Western               royalty rates, negatively impacting our financial results.



81   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
CRTC REVIEW OF WHOLESALE WIRELINE                                        for this entry-level service is capped at $25 per month (excluding
TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES                                              equipment). Further, all channels above the basic tier must be
We are mandated by the CRTC to provide aggregated wholesale              offered on an à la carte basis and in smaller, reasonably priced
high-speed access (HSA) services at regulated rates to third-party       packages. BDUs are required to ensure the majority of
ISPs who resell these services to provide retail Internet services to    programming services offered to consumers are Canadian
consumers.                                                               channels. As a result of the decision approving the Shaw
                                                                         Transaction, our BDUs are also required to carry 45 Canadian
On August 13, 2024, the CRTC released Telecom Regulatory Policy          independent English or French programming services.
CRTC 2024-180, Competition in Canada’s Internet service markets
(TRP 2024-180), setting out the revised wholesale HSA framework.
                                                                         CRTC CONSULTATION ON MARKET DYNAMICS
In TRP 2024-180, the CRTC:
                                                                         On January 9, 2025, as part of the CRTC’s implementation of Bill
• mandated the incumbent telephone companies (Bell, Telus, and
                                                                         C-11, the CRTC initiated Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC
   SaskTel) provide aggregated wholesale HSA to their FTTH
                                                                         2025-2, The Path Forward – Working towards a sustainable
   facilities;
                                                                         Canadian broadcasting system. As part of this proceeding, the
• required cable carriers, including Rogers, to continue providing
                                                                         CRTC:
   mandated aggregated wholesale HSA services over their
                                                                         • reviewed the market dynamics between programming
   DOCSIS-based HFC facilities, while excluding cable carriers’
                                                                           undertakings, BDUs, and online undertakings;
   FTTH networks from the regime;
                                                                         • examined the effectiveness of existing regulatory tools
• granted Bell, Telus, and SaskTel a five-year deferral for any new
                                                                           applicable to traditional broadcasting undertakings, including
   FTTH facilities deployed after the date of the policy, but did not
   exempt cable carriers’ new HFC facilities; and                          mandatory distribution orders, distribution and packaging
• prohibited both incumbent telephone and cable companies                  requirements, basic service and pick-and-pay requirements,
   from using aggregated wholesale HSA services within their               preponderance rules for Canadian services, dispute resolution
   traditional wireline-serving territories, although these companies      mechanisms, the Wholesale Code, and undue preference rules;
   may access aggregated wholesale HSA services out-of-territory.          and
                                                                         • considered new regulatory obligations applicable to online
On June 20, 2025, in Telecom Decision CRTC 2025-154,                       undertakings, including those relating to carriage, discoverability,
Consolidated applications to review and vary Telecom Regulatory            data sharing, dispute resolution, and undue preference.
Policy 2024-180 (TD 2025-154), the CRTC declined to vary TRP
2024-180. Contrary to the requests of several applicants, including      A public hearing was held in June 2025 and the record closed in
Rogers, the CRTC declined to prohibit each of Bell, Rogers, and          September 2025. The CRTC’s decision is outstanding.
Telus from accessing mandated wholesale broadband access
anywhere in Canada using any technology. On August 6, 2025, the          MEDIA
federal government declined to alter TRP 2024-180. On
September 10, 2025, Cogeco and Eastlink were granted leave to            CRTC CONSULTATION ON CANADIAN CONTENT
appeal TRP 2024-180 at the FCA. Rogers is also participating in the      On November 18, 2025, the CRTC issued Broadcasting Regulatory
appeal. On September 18, 2025, Rogers, CNOC and TekSavvy,                Policy 2025-299, Defining “Canadian program” and supporting the
and Eastlink, Cogeco, and SaskTel filed petitions to the Governor in     creation and distribution of Canadian programming in the audio-
Council requesting it vary TD 2025-154. The Governor in Council          visual sector – Part 1 – Certification framework for Canadian
has until September 18, 2026 to issue a decision, if any.                programs, artificial intelligence, data collection and publication, and
                                                                         reporting requirements (BRP 2025-299). This is the first of two
FINAL RATES FOR AGGREGATED WHOLESALE HSA                                 decisions arising from Broadcasting Notice of Consultation CRTC
SERVICES                                                                 2024-288, The Path Forward – Defining “Canadian program” and
In 2026, the CRTC is expected to release final rates for aggregated      supporting the creation and distribution of Canadian programming
wholesale HSA services. Currently, all aggregated wholesale HSA          in the audio-visual sector. In BRP 2025-299, the CRTC:
providers, including Rogers, are subject to interim rates, which have    • updated the definition of “Canadian program” through an
been in place since March 2023. The final rate decision is expected         expanded number of key creative positions;
to apply retroactively. If the final rates are lower than the interim    • determined that productions with less than full Canadian
rates, Rogers may be required to reimburse its wholesale                    copyright ownership qualify as Canadian programs; and
customers retroactively to 2023. If the final rates fail to adequately   • introduced changes to data collection and reporting practices to
compensate Rogers for the costs associated with provisioning HSA            level the playing field regarding financial data publication
services as well as a reasonable return on investment, it could have        between traditional broadcasters and online undertakings.
a negative impact on our Cable revenue, result in lower capital          The CRTC will issue its second decision, expected in 2026, that will
expenditures, and could hinder our ability to compete with both          address funding and support for Canadian programming,
wholesale- and facilities-based Internet providers.                      including funding for news and at-risk programming, by
                                                                         establishing financial contribution requirements for both traditional
TELEVISION SERVICES DISTRIBUTION                                         broadcasters and online streaming services.
BDUs are required to offer customers an option for a small basic
service consisting of Canadian local and regional channels (local
radio is optional), mandatory Canadian services, community and
provincial legislature channels, provincial/territorial educational
channels, and, should they wish, US 4+1 networks. The retail rate



                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   82
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         COMMERCIAL RADIO NEWS FUND                                            the sustainability of the Canadian news sector by establishing a
         On June 4, 2024, as part of the broader regulatory plan to            bargaining framework for commercial agreements between the
         implement the modernized Broadcasting Act, the CRTC issued            largest digital platforms and eligible news businesses. On
         Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2024-121, The Path Forward –           October 28, 2024, the CRTC approved Google LLC’s application
         Supporting Canadian and Indigenous content through base               for an exemption from the Online News Act with respect to Google
         contributions. Among other things, the CRTC determined that           Search, given that Google has agreed to contribute $100 million
         audio streaming services should be required to make financial         annually to Canadian news businesses. Google’s annual monetary
         contributions to a new, temporary fund to support news                contribution will be administered by the Canadian Journalism
         production by commercial radio stations in smaller markets. The       Collective. The maximum amount that can be allocated to
         new fund was established in Broadcasting Regulatory Policy            Canadian broadcasters that produce news is capped at 30% under
         2025-193, Commercial Radio News Fund, and will be administered        the Online News Act Application and Exemption Regulations. On
         by the Canadian Association of Broadcasters (CAB), which has          December 12, 2024, the CRTC released its framework governing
         completed the initial application round. Funds will not be            the formal bargaining process under the Online News Act.
         disbursed until the Federal Court has made a determination on the
         appeal mounted by US-based foreign streaming services of the          BILL 109: AN ACT TO AFFIRM THE CULTURAL
         funding requirements established in Broadcasting Regulatory           SOVEREIGNTY OF QUÉBEC AND TO ENACT THE ACT
         Policy 2024-121.                                                      RESPECTING THE DISCOVERABILITY OF FRENCH-
                                                                               LANGUAGE CULTURAL CONTENT IN THE DIGITAL
         MODERNIZATION OF RADIO PROCESSES                                      ENVIRONMENT
         In Broadcasting Regulatory Policy 2025-265, Modernization of radio    On December 12, 2025, the National Assembly of Quebec passed
         processes, the CRTC modernized the regulatory framework for           Bill 109, An Act to affirm the cultural sovereignty of Québec and to
         radio undertakings to reduce administrative burden. Key changes       enact the Act respecting the discoverability of French-language
         include the introduction of indefinite broadcasting licences to be    cultural content in the digital environment (the Act). The Act
         phased in as current licences expire, regular compliance audits       requires digital platforms operating in Quebec that offer online
         replacing licence renewal reviews, a one-year trial permitting AM     audio and audiovisual services, plus smart TV and connected
         stations to simulcast on FM in the same market, and the stated        device manufacturers, to comply with French-language content
         intention to apply Administrative Monetary Penalties for serious or   rules. The forthcoming regulations will prescribe the specific
         repeated non-compliance under powers granted by the                   requirements with respect to, among other things, discoverability
         modernized Broadcasting Act.                                          of French content and quotas for the proportion of original French-
                                                                               language cultural content offered by digital platforms. If the Act
         THE ONLINE NEWS ACT                                                   survives legal challenge, its impact on our broadcasting
         On June 22, 2023, Bill C-18, the Online News Act, received royal      undertakings operating in Quebec will depend on the substance
         assent and became law. The Online News Act aims to enhance            and scope of the forthcoming regulations.
         fairness in the Canadian digital marketplace and to contribute to




83   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Other Information
ACCOUNTING POLICIES                                                        certain qualitative and quantitative assumptions when deriving the
                                                                           value of the economic incentive.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
Management makes judgments, estimates, and assumptions that                USEFUL LIVES
affect how accounting policies are applied, the amounts we report          We depreciate the cost of property, plant and equipment over their
in assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, and our related             estimated useful lives by considering industry trends and company-
disclosure about contingent assets and liabilities. Significant            specific factors, including changing technologies and expectations
changes in our assumptions, including those related to our future          for the in-service period of certain assets at the time. We reassess
business plans and cash flows, could materially change the                 our estimates of useful lives annually, or when circumstances
amounts we record. Actual results could be different from these            change, to ensure they match the anticipated life of the technology
estimates.                                                                 from a revenue-producing perspective. If technological change
                                                                           happens more quickly, or in a different way, than anticipated, we
These estimates are critical to our business operations and                might have to reduce the estimated life of property, plant and
understanding our results of operations. We may need to use                equipment, which could result in a higher depreciation expense in
additional judgment because of the sensitivity of the methods and          future periods or an impairment charge to write down the value.
assumptions used in determining the asset, liability, revenue, and         We monitor and review our depreciation rates and asset useful lives
expense amounts.                                                           at least once a year and change them if they are different from our
                                                                           previous estimates. We recognize the effect of changes in
ESTIMATES                                                                  estimates in net income prospectively.

REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
                                                                           CAPITALIZING DIRECT LABOUR, OVERHEAD, AND
Determining the transaction price
The transaction price is the amount of consideration that is               INTEREST
enforceable and to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for          Certain direct labour, overhead, and interest costs associated with
the goods and services we have promised to our customer. We                the acquisition, construction, development, or improvement of our
determine the transaction price by considering the terms of the            networks and information technology assets are capitalized to
contract and business practices that are customary within that             “property, plant and equipment”. The capitalized amounts are
particular line of business. Discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price   calculated based on estimated costs of projects that are capital in
concessions, incentives, penalties, and other similar items are            nature, and are generally based on a per-hour rate. In addition,
reflected in the transaction price at contract inception.                  interest costs are capitalized during development and construction
                                                                           of certain property, plant and equipment. Capitalized amounts
                                                                           increase the cost of the asset and result in a higher depreciation
Determining the stand-alone selling price and the allocation of the
                                                                           expense in future periods.
transaction price
The transaction price is allocated to performance obligations based
on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the distinct goods or        IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
services in the contract. The best evidence of a stand-alone selling       Indefinite-life intangible assets (including goodwill, spectrum,
price is the observable price of a good or service when the entity         franchise rights, broadcast licences, and certain brand names and
sells that good or service separately in similar circumstances and to      trademarks) are assessed for impairment on an annual basis, or
similar customers. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly          more often if events or circumstances warrant, and finite-life assets
observable, we estimate the stand-alone selling price taking into          (including property, plant and equipment and other intangible
account reasonably available information relating to the market            assets) are assessed for impairment if events or circumstances
conditions, entity-specific factors, and the class of customer.            warrant. The recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit (CGU)
                                                                           involves significant estimates such as future cash flows, terminal
In determining the stand-alone selling price, we allocate revenue          growth rates, and discount rates. If key estimates differ unfavourably
between performance obligations based on expected minimum                  in the future, we could experience impairment charges that could
enforceable amounts to which we are entitled. Any amounts above            decrease net income.
the minimum enforceable amounts are recognized as revenue as
they are earned.                                                           FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                           The fair values of our derivatives are recorded using an estimated
Determining the appropriate amortization period for deferred               credit-adjusted mark-to-market valuation. If the derivatives are in an
commission costs assets                                                    asset position (i.e. the counterparty owes Rogers), the credit
We use estimates in determining the timing over which we will              adjustment for the bank counterparty is deducted from the risk-free
receive the expected pattern of benefits from the payment of               value to determine the estimated credit-adjusted value. If the
commissions.                                                               derivatives are in a liability position (i.e. Rogers owes the
LEASES                                                                     counterparty), our credit adjustment is added to the risk-free value.
We estimate the lease term by considering the facts and                    The estimated credit-adjusted value of derivatives requires
circumstances that can create an economic incentive to exercise an         assessment of the credit risk of the parties to the instruments and
extension option, or not exercise a termination option. We make            the instruments’ discount rates.




                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   84
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         For all derivative instruments where hedge accounting is applied,             award’s fair value changes after it has been granted and before the
         we are required to ensure that the hedging relationships meet                 exercise date, we recognize the resulting changes in the liability
         hedge effectiveness criteria. Hedge effectiveness testing requires            within “operating costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as
         the use of both judgments and estimates.                                      applicable, in the year the change occurs. For RSUs, the payment
                                                                                       amount is established as of the vesting date. For DSUs, the
         PENSION BENEFITS                                                              payment amount is established as of the exercise date.
         When we account for defined benefit pension plans, assumptions
         are made in determining the valuation of benefit obligations.                 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
         Assumptions and estimates include the discount rate, the rate of              We use estimates in determining the value of assets acquired and
         future compensation increase, and the mortality rate. Changes to              liabilities assumed in business combinations, most significantly
         these primary assumptions and estimates would affect the pension              property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including the
         expense, pension asset and liability, and other comprehensive                 related deferred tax impacts.
         income. Changes in economic conditions, including financial
                                                                                       Valuation of acquired property, plant and equipment can be
         markets and interest rates, may also have an impact on our pension
                                                                                       complex and may require significant estimation, including
         plans, as there is no assurance that the plans will be able to earn
                                                                                       characteristics such as size, age, replacement cost, and other
         the assumed rate of return. Market-driven changes may also result
                                                                                       characteristics of different assets. Each of these characteristics can
         in changes in the discount rates and other variables that could
                                                                                       have a significantly different cost to build or replace, and therefore
         require us to make contributions in the future that differ significantly
                                                                                       fair value.
         from the current contributions and assumptions incorporated into
         the actuarial valuation process.                                              Property, plant and equipment (other than land and building) is
                                                                                       often valued using a depreciated replacement cost approach,
         Below is a summary of the effect an increase or decrease in the
                                                                                       which requires estimating the gross replacement cost of each asset
         primary assumptions and estimates would have had on our
                                                                                       (either through direct comparison to current prices or by applying
         accrued benefit obligation as at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                       inflationary factors to historical costs) and then applying a
                                                              Increase (decrease) in   depreciation factor to reflect the age of the in-service asset.
         (In millions of dollars)                        accrued benefit obligation
                                                                                       Land and building assets are often valued using an income
         Discount rate
                                                                                       approach (for buildings) and a direct market comparison approach
             Impact of 0.5% increase                                           (168)
                                                                                       (for the underlying land). This involves assessing comparable
             Impact of 0.5% decrease                                            189
         Rate of future compensation increase
                                                                                       properties in the relevant markets to identify characteristics, such as
             Impact of 0.25% increase                                            10    vacancy rates and income capitalization rates, to apply to the
             Impact of 0.25% decrease                                           (10)   valuation of each building. Land is often valued by comparing to
         Mortality rate                                                                similar plots of land in the relevant markets.
             Impact of 1 year increase                                           36
             Impact of 1 year decrease                                          (39)
                                                                                       The fair value of franchise rights acquired in the MLSE Transaction
                                                                                       has been estimated using a market-based approach based on
                                                                                       market revenue multiples and precedent team transactions in each
         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION                                                      of the leagues, including league expansions, as applicable. This
         Stock option plans                                                            required significant estimation to determine the adjustments to
         Our employee stock option plans attach cash-settled share                     available market data for local Toronto market factors, including
         appreciation rights (SARs) to all new and previously granted                  population, gross domestic product, and number of major sports
         options. The SAR feature allows the option holder to elect to                 teams.
         receive a cash payment equal to the intrinsic value of the option,
         instead of exercising the option and acquiring Class B Non-Voting             JUDGMENTS
         Shares. We measure stock-based compensation to employees at
         fair value. We determine the fair value of options using our Class B          REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
         Non-Voting Share price and option pricing models, and record all              Distinct goods and services
         outstanding stock options as liabilities. The liability is marked to          We make judgments in determining whether a promise to deliver
         market each period and is amortized to expense using a graded                 goods or services is considered distinct. We account for individual
         vesting approach over the period during which employee services               products and services separately if they are distinct (i.e. if a product
         are rendered, or over the period to the date an employee is                   or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled
         eligible to retire, whichever is shorter. The expense in each period          package and if the customer can benefit from it). The consideration
         is affected by the change in the price of our Class B Non-Voting              is allocated between separate products and services in a bundle
         Shares during the period.                                                     based on their stand-alone selling prices. For distinct items we do
                                                                                       not sell separately, we estimate stand-alone selling prices using the
         Restricted share unit (RSU) and deferred share unit (DSU) plans               adjusted market assessment approach.
         We recognize outstanding RSUs and DSUs as liabilities, measuring
         the liabilities and compensation costs based on the awards’ fair              Residual value arrangements
         values, which are based on the market price of the Class B                    Under certain customer offers, we allow customers to defer a
         Non-Voting Shares, and recognizing them as charges to                         component of the device cost until contract termination. We use
         “operating costs” over the vesting period of the awards. If an                judgment in determining whether these arrangements constitute



85   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
revenue-generating arrangements or leases. In making this




                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                          Judgment is also applied in choosing methods for amortizing our
determination, we use judgment to assess the extent of control            intangible assets and program rights that we believe most
over the devices that passes to our customer, including whether the       accurately represent the consumption of those assets and are most
customer has a significant economic incentive at contract inception       representative of the economic substance of the intended use of
to return the device at contract termination.                             the underlying assets.

LEASES
We make judgments in determining whether a contract contains              IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
an identified asset. The identified asset should be physically distinct   We make judgments in determining CGUs and the allocation of
or represent substantially all of the capacity of the asset, and should   goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose of
provide us with the right to substantially all of the economic            impairment testing. The allocation of goodwill involves
benefits from the use of the asset.                                       considerable management judgment in determining the CGUs (or
                                                                          groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
We also make judgments in determining whether or not we have
                                                                          a business combination. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group
the right to control the use of the identified asset. We have that
                                                                          of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent
right when we have the decision-making rights that are most
                                                                          of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. Goodwill
relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In
                                                                          and indefinite-life intangible assets are allocated to CGUs (or
rare cases where the decisions about how and for what purpose
the asset is used are predetermined, we have the right to direct the      groups of CGUs) based on the level at which management
use of the asset if we have the right to operate the asset or if we       monitors goodwill, which is not higher than an operating segment.
designed the asset in a way that predetermines how and for what           In particular for Media, we have determined that goodwill is
purpose the asset will be used.                                           monitored and should be tested for impairment at the Media
                                                                          segment level as a whole, rather than at the underlying business by
We make judgments in determining the incremental borrowing rate           business level, based on the interdependencies across Media and
used to measure our lease liability for each lease contract, including    how it sells and goes to market.
an estimate of the asset-specific security impact. The incremental
borrowing rate should reflect the interest that we would have to pay
                                                                          RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER COSTS
to borrow at a similar term and with a similar security.
                                                                          We make significant judgments in determining the appropriate
Certain of our leases contain extension or renewal options that are       classification of costs to be included in restructuring, acquisition
exercisable only by us and not by the lessor. At lease                    and other.
commencement, we assess whether we are reasonably certain to
exercise any of the extension options based on our expected               HEDGE ACCOUNTING
economic return from the lease. We typically exercise extension           We make significant judgments in determining whether our
options on our network leases, primarily due to the significant cost      financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting, including our
that would be required to relocate our network towers and related         determination of hedge effectiveness. These judgments include
equipment. We periodically reassess whether we are reasonably             assessing whether the forecast transactions designated as hedged
certain to exercise the options and account for any changes at the        items in hedging relationships will materialize as forecast, whether
date of the reassessment.                                                 the hedging relationships designated as effective hedges for
                                                                          accounting purposes continue to qualitatively be effective, and
USEFUL LIVES AND DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION                            determining the methodology to determine the fair values used in
METHODS                                                                   testing the effectiveness of hedging relationships.
We make significant judgments in choosing methods for
depreciating our property, plant and equipment that we believe
                                                                          SEGMENTS
most accurately represent the consumption of benefits derived
                                                                          We make significant judgments in determining our operating
from those assets and are most representative of the economic
                                                                          segments and in determining the appropriate allocation of shared
substance of the intended use of the underlying assets.
                                                                          costs between our segments. These are components that engage
We amortize the cost of intangible assets with finite lives over their    in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur
estimated useful lives. We review their useful lives, residual values,    expenses, for which operating results are regularly reviewed by our
and the amortization methods at least once a year.                        chief operating decision makers to make decisions about resources
We do not amortize intangible assets with indefinite lives (spectrum      to be allocated and to assess component performance, and for
licences, franchise rights, broadcast licences, and certain brand         which discrete financial information is available.
names and trademarks) as there is no foreseeable limit to the
period over which these assets are expected to generate net cash          INCOME TAXES AND OTHER TAXES
inflows for us. We make judgments to determine that these assets          We accrue income and other tax provisions based on information
have indefinite lives, analyzing all relevant factors, including the      currently available in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
expected usage of the asset, the typical life cycle of the asset, and     While we believe we have paid and provided for adequate
anticipated changes in the market demand for the products and             amounts of tax, our business is complex and significant judgment is
services the asset helps generate. After review of the competitive,       required in interpreting how tax legislation and regulations apply to
legal, regulatory, and other factors, it is our view that these factors   us. Our tax filings are subject to audit by the relevant government
do not limit the useful lives of our spectrum licences, broadcast         revenue authorities and the results of the government audit could
licences, and certain brand names.                                        materially change the amount of our actual income tax expense,



                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   86
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         income tax payable or receivable, other taxes payable or                 agreement, pursuant to which he was paid $20 million for a
         receivable, and deferred income tax assets and liabilities and could,    two-year period following closing in exchange for performing
         in certain circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and       certain services related to the transition and integration of Shaw, of
         penalties.                                                               which $3 million was recognized in net income and paid during the
                                                                                  year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 — $10 million); the final
         CONTINGENCIES                                                            payment under this arrangement was made during the three
         Considerable judgment is involved in the determination of                months ended March 31, 2025. We have also entered into certain
         contingent liabilities. Our judgment is based on information             other transactions with the Shaw Family Group. Total amounts paid
         currently known to us, and the probability of the ultimate resolution    to the Shaw Family Group in 2025 and 2024 were under $1 million.
         of the contingencies. If it becomes probable that a contingent           We also assumed a liability of $102 million through the Shaw
         liability will result in an outflow of economic resources, we will       Transaction related to a legacy pension arrangement with one of
         record a provision in the period the change in probability occurs.       our directors whereby the director will be paid $1 million per
         The amount of the loss involves judgment based on information            month until March 2035, $12 million of which was paid in 2025
         available at that time. Any provision recognized for a contingent        (2024 – $12 million).
         liability could be material to our consolidated financial position and   We recognize these transactions at the amount agreed to by the
         results of operations.                                                   related parties, which are also reviewed by the Audit and Risk
                                                                                  Committee. The amounts owing for these services were unsecured,
         BUSINESS COMBINATIONS                                                    interest-free, and due for payment in cash within one month of the
         We use significant judgment to determine what is, and what is not,       date of the transaction.
         part of a business combination, including the timing of when
         control transfers to us. This requires assessing the nature of other     NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ADOPTED IN
         transactions entered into with the acquiree to ensure we account         2025
         for the business combination using only the consideration
         transferred for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the       We adopted the following IFRS amendments in 2025. They did not
         exchange.                                                                have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                  • Amendments to IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign
         We also use significant judgment in determining the valuation              Exchange Rates – Lack of Exchangeability, clarifying when a
         methodologies applied to various assets and liabilities. Valuation of      currency is exchangeable and when it is not exchangeable.
         acquired intangible assets can be complex and selecting an
         appropriate valuation methodology can require significant
         judgment. Intangible assets can be valued using different methods,
                                                                                  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET
         including the multi-period excess earnings method, relief from           ADOPTED
         royalty, or a market approach.                                           The IASB has issued the following new standard and amendments
                                                                                  that will become effective in future years:
         TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES                                        • IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
                                                                                    (replacing IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements), with an
         We have entered into certain transactions in the normal course of
                                                                                    aim to improve the structure and content of the primary financial
         business with our associates and joint arrangements. The amounts
                                                                                    statements and comparability between issuers (January 1, 2027).
         received from or paid to these parties were as follows:
                                                                                    The focus of IFRS 18 is on presentation in the statement of
                                                    Years ended December 31         income by requiring income and expenses to be classified into
                                                                                    operating, investing, and financing categories. The main
         (In millions of dollars)                    2025      2024     % Chg
                                                                                    business activities of a company drive classification of income
         Revenue                                        51       45         13      and expense into appropriate categories and further
         Purchases and lease payments                  174      231        (25)     disaggregation of operating expense line items will be required
                                                                                    in the statement of income. It also introduces defined subtotals
         We have entered into business transactions with Dream Unlimited            of “operating profit” and “profit before financing and income
         Corp. (Dream), which is controlled by our Director Michael J.              taxes” in the statement of income to improve comparability
         Cooper. Dream is a real estate company that rents spaces in office         between companies. Impacts on the statement of cash flows
         and residential buildings. Total amounts paid to this related party        include eliminating classification options for interest and
         were nominal for each of 2025 and 2024.                                    dividend receipts (must be classified as investing) and payments
                                                                                    (must be classified as financing). In addition, IFRS 18 provides
         We have also entered into certain transactions with our controlling
                                                                                    guidance on the disclosure of “management-defined
         shareholder and companies it controls. These transactions are
                                                                                    performance measures” in relation to the statement of income,
         subject to formal agreements approved by the Audit and Risk
                                                                                    including reconciliation requirements.
         Committee. Total amounts paid to these related parties generally
                                                                                  • Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
         reflect the charges to Rogers for occasional business use of aircraft,
                                                                                    Financial Instruments: Disclosures, clarifying both the
         net of other administrative services, and were less than $1 million
                                                                                    classification of financial assets linked to environmental, social,
         for each of 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                    and governance as well as the timing in which a financial asset or
         On closing of the Shaw Transaction, we entered into an advisory            financial liability is derecognized when using electronic payment
         agreement with Brad Shaw in accordance with the arrangement                systems (January 1, 2026).




87   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
We are assessing the impacts IFRS 18 and the amendments to IFRS        • When there is more than one unit in a single dwelling, such as an
9 and IFRS 7 will have on our consolidated financial statements. We      apartment building, each tenant with cable service is counted as
do not expect the amendments to have a material impact on                an individual subscriber, whether the service is invoiced
adoption; however, our consolidated statement of income will be          separately or included in the tenant’s rent. Institutional units,
presented differently under IFRS 18 and there will be                    such as hospitals or hotels, are each considered one subscriber.
recategorizations of certain line items in the statements of income    • Cable retail Internet, Video, Home Monitoring, and Home
and statements of cash flows.                                            Phone subscribers include only those subscribers who have
                                                                         service installed and operating, and who are being billed
                                                                         accordingly.
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS                                             • Subscriber counts exclude satellite subscribers, certain business
We measure the success of our strategy using a number of key             services delivered over our fibre network and circuit-switched
performance indicators, which are outlined below. We believe             local and long distance voice services and legacy data services
these key performance indicators allow us to appropriately               where access is delivered using leased third-party network
measure our performance against our operating strategy and               elements and tariffed ILEC services.
against the results of our peers and competitors. The following key
performance indicators, some of which are supplementary financial      SUBSCRIBER CHURN
measures (see “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”), are not        Subscriber churn (churn) is a measure of the number of subscribers
measurements in accordance with IFRS. They include:                    that deactivated during a period as a percentage of the total
• subscriber counts;                                                   subscriber base, usually calculated on a monthly basis. Churn
  • Wireless;                                                          measures our success in retaining our subscribers. We calculate it
  • Cable; and                                                         by dividing the number of Wireless subscribers that deactivated
  • homes passed (Cable);                                              (usually in a month) by the aggregate numbers of subscribers at
• Wireless subscriber churn (churn);                                   the beginning of the period. When used or reported for a period
• Wireless mobile phone average revenue per user (ARPU);               greater than one month, churn represents the sum of the number
• Cable average revenue per account (ARPA);                            of subscribers deactivating for each period divided by the sum of
• Cable customer relationships;                                        the aggregate number of subscribers at the beginning of each
• Cable market penetration (penetration);                              period.
• capital intensity;
• total service revenue;                                               MOBILE PHONE AVERAGE REVENUE PER USER (WIRELESS)
• dividend payout ratios; and                                          Mobile phone ARPU helps us identify trends and measure our
• return on assets.                                                    success in attracting and retaining higher-value subscribers. Mobile
                                                                       phone ARPU is a supplementary financial measure. See
SUBSCRIBER COUNTS                                                      “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to
We determine the number of subscribers to our services based on        the composition of this measure.
active subscribers. When subscribers are deactivated, either
voluntarily or involuntarily for non-payment, they are considered      AVERAGE REVENUE PER ACCOUNT (CABLE)
deactivations in the period the services are discontinued. We use      Average revenue per account (ARPA) measures total average
subscriber counts to measure our core business performance and         spending by a single customer account on Cable products. We use
ability to benefit from recurring revenue streams. We use homes        it to identify trends and measure our success in attracting and
passed (Cable) as a measure for our potential market penetration       retaining multiple-service accounts. ARPA is also a supplementary
within a defined geographical area.                                    financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures”
                                                                       for an explanation as to the composition of this measure.
Subscriber count (Wireless)
• A wireless subscriber is represented by each identifiable            CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
  telephone number.                                                    Customer relationships are represented by dwelling units where at
• We report wireless subscribers in two categories: postpaid           least one of our Cable services (i.e. retail Internet, legacy television
  mobile phone and prepaid mobile phone. Postpaid and                  or Rogers Xfinity TV, and/or home phone) are installed and
  prepaid include voice-only subscribers and subscribers with          operating, and the service or services are billed accordingly. When
  service plans including both voice and data.                         there is more than one unit in one dwelling, such as an apartment
• Usage and overage charges for postpaid subscribers are billed a      building, each tenant with at least one of our Cable services is
  month in arrears. Prepaid subscribers cannot incur usage and/or      counted as an individual customer relationship, whether the service
  overage charges in excess of their plan limits or account balance.   is invoiced separately or included in the tenant’s rent. Institutional
• Wireless prepaid subscribers are considered active for a period      units, like hospitals or hotels, are each considered one customer
  of 30 days from the date of their last revenue-generating usage.     relationship.

Subscriber count (Cable)                                               MARKET PENETRATION
• Cable retail Internet, Video, and Home Monitoring subscribers        Market penetration (penetration) measures our success at attracting
  are represented by a dwelling unit; Cable Home Phone                 new households to our brands and products within our network
  subscribers are represented by line counts.                          footprint. Market penetration is calculated by dividing customer




                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   88
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         relationships by homes passed. An increasing market penetration           metric is our retail revenue from Today’s Shopping Choice and our
         rate reflects more new customer relationships than new homes              sports teams, which are also core to our business. We calculate total
         passed.                                                                   service revenue by subtracting equipment revenue from total
                                                                                   revenue.
         CAPITAL INTENSITY
         Capital intensity allows us to compare the level of our capital           DIVIDEND PAYOUT RATIOS
         expenditures to that of other companies within the same industry.         We calculate the dividend payout ratio by dividing dividends paid
         Our capital expenditures do not include expenditures on spectrum          for the year by net income or free cash flow for the year. We use
         licences or additions to right-of-use assets. We use it to evaluate the   dividends as a percentage of net income and free cash flow to
         performance of our assets and when making decisions about                 conduct analysis and assist with determining the dividends we
         capital expenditures. We believe that certain investors and analysts      should pay. Dividend payout ratio of net income and dividend
         use capital intensity to measure the performance of asset                 payout ratio of free cash flow are also supplementary financial
         purchases and construction in relation to revenue. Capital intensity      measures. See “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures” for an
         is also a supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and              explanation as to the composition of these measures.
         Other Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition
         of this measure.                                                          RETURN ON ASSETS
                                                                                   We use return on assets to measure our efficiency in using our
         TOTAL SERVICE REVENUE                                                     assets to generate net income. Return on assets is also a
         We use total service revenue to measure our core business                 supplementary financial measure. See “Non-GAAP and Other
         performance from the provision of services to our customers               Financial Measures” for an explanation as to the composition of this
         separate from revenue generated from the sale of equipment we             measure.
         have acquired from device manufacturers and resold. Included in this




89   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
NON-GAAP AND OTHER FINANCIAL MEASURES
We use the following “non-GAAP financial measures” and other “specified financial measures” (each within the meaning of applicable
Canadian securities laws). These are reviewed regularly by management and the Board in assessing our performance and making
decisions regarding the ongoing operations of our business and its ability to generate cash flows. Some or all of these measures may also
be used by investors, lending institutions, and credit rating agencies as indicators of our operating performance, of our ability to incur and
service debt, and as measurements to value companies in the telecommunications sector. These are not standardized measures under
IFRS, so may not be reliable ways to compare us to other companies.

                                                                 Non-GAAP financial measures

                                                                                                                                            Most directly
                                                                                                                                            comparable
 Specified financial                                                                                                                        IFRS financial
 measure                How it is useful                                          How we calculate it                                       measure

 Adjusted net           • To assess the performance of our businesses             Net (loss) income add (deduct) restructuring,             Net income (loss)
 income                   before the effects of the noted items, because they     acquisition and other; loss (recovery) on sale or wind
                          affect the comparability of our financial results and   down of investments; loss (gain) on disposition of
                          could potentially distort the analysis of trends in     property, plant and equipment; (gain) on acquisitions;
                          business performance. Excluding these items does        loss on non-controlling interest purchase obligations;
                          not imply that they are non-recurring.                  loss on repayment of long-term debt; loss on bond
                                                                                  forward derivatives; change in fair value of subsidiary
                                                                                  equity derivative instruments; depreciation and
                                                                                  amortization on fair value increment of Shaw
                                                                                  Transaction-related assets; and income tax
                                                                                  adjustments on these items, including adjustments as
                                                                                  a result of legislative or other tax rate changes.
 Adjusted net income    • To assess the performance of our businesses             Net (loss) income attributable to RCI shareholders add    Net income (loss)
 attributable to RCI      before the effects of the noted items, because they     (deduct) restructuring, acquisition and other; loss       attributable to RCI
 shareholders             affect the comparability of our financial results and   (recovery) on sale or wind down of investments; loss      shareholders
                          could potentially distort the analysis of trends in     (gain) on disposition of property, plant and
                          business performance. Excluding these items does        equipment; (gain) on acquisitions; loss on
                          not imply that they are non-recurring.                  non-controlling interest purchase obligations; loss on
                                                                                  repayment of long-term debt; loss on bond forward
                                                                                  derivatives; change in fair value of subsidiary equity
                                                                                  derivative instruments; depreciation and amortization
                                                                                  on fair value increment of Shaw Transaction-related
                                                                                  assets; revaluation of subsidiary US dollar-
                                                                                  denominated balances; and income tax adjustments
                                                                                  on these items, including adjustments as a result of
                                                                                  legislative or other tax rate changes.
 Taxes paid and other   • To assess how much cash we pay in taxes and fees        Income taxes paid                                         Income taxes paid
 government               to federal, provincial, and municipal governments.      add
 payments                                                                         unrecoverable sales taxes paid; payroll taxes paid,
                                                                                  regulatory and spectrum fees paid; and property and
                                                                                  business taxes paid.
 Pro forma trailing     • To illustrate the results of a combined Rogers and      Trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                         Trailing 12-month
 12-month adjusted        MLSE as if the MLSE Transaction had closed at the       add                                                       adjusted EBITDA
 EBITDA                   beginning of the applicable trailing 12-month           MLSE adjusted EBITDA – January to June 2025
                          period.


                                                                        Non-GAAP ratios

 Specified financial
 measure                How it is useful                                                        How we calculate it

 Adjusted basic         • To assess the performance of our businesses before the effects        Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders
 earnings per             of the noted items, because they affect the comparability of our      divided by
 share                    financial results and could potentially distort the analysis of       basic weighted average shares outstanding.
                          trends in business performance. Excluding these items does not
 Adjusted diluted         imply that they are non-recurring.                                    Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders including the
 earnings per                                                                                   dilutive effect of stock-based compensation
 share                                                                                          divided by
                                                                                                diluted weighted average shares outstanding.
 Pro forma debt         • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our ability to   Adjusted net debt
 leverage ratio           service our debt obligations, with the results of a combined          divided by
                          Rogers and MLSE as if the MLSE Transaction had closed at the          pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA
                          beginning of the applicable trailing 12-month period.




                                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.          |   90
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                             Total of segments measures

          Specified financial
          measure                   Most directly comparable IFRS financial measure

          Adjusted EBITDA           Net income


                                                                          Capital management measures

          Specified financial
          measure                   How it is useful

          Free cash flow            • To show how much cash we generate that is available to repay debt and reinvest in our company, which is an important indicator of
                                      our financial strength and performance.
                                    • We believe that some investors and analysts use free cash flow to value a business and its underlying assets.
          Adjusted net debt         • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our debt and cash balances while taking into account the economic impact of
                                      debt derivatives on our US dollar-denominated debt.
          Debt leverage ratio       • We believe this helps investors and analysts analyze our ability to service our debt obligations.
          Available liquidity       • To help determine if we are able to meet all of our commitments, to execute our business plan, and to mitigate the risk of economic
                                      downturns.


                                                                         Supplementary financial measures

          Specified financial
          measure                   How we calculate it

          Adjusted EBITDA           Adjusted EBITDA
          margin                    divided by
                                    revenue.
          Wireless mobile           Wireless service revenue
          phone average             divided by
          revenue per user          average total number of Wireless mobile phone subscribers for the relevant period.
          (ARPU)
          Cable average             Cable service revenue
          revenue per account       divided by
          (ARPA)                    average total number of customer relationships for the relevant period.
          Capital intensity         Capital expenditures
                                    divided by
                                    revenue.
          Return on assets          Net income
                                    divided by
                                    total assets.
          Dividend payout           Dividends paid
          ratio of net income       divided by
                                    net income.
          Dividend payout           Dividends paid for the year
          ratio of free cash flow   divided by
                                    free cash flow (defined above).


         CHANGES TO SPECIFIED FINANCIAL MEASURES                                              Adjusted basic and adjusted diluted earnings per share are now
         Effective 2025 and as a result of closing the network transaction, we                calculated using our newly introduced non-GAAP measure –
         changed our calculation of adjusted net income and adjusted basic                    adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders. This
         and adjusted diluted earnings per share. These changes are                           calculation methodology is consistent with the IFRS-defined
         reflected in the tables above and the reconciliations below. Our                     calculation of earnings per share, which requires the use of “net
         calculation of adjusted net income now removes the impact of                         income attributable to RCI shareholders”.
         changes in the fair value of subsidiary equity derivatives; we believe
                                                                                              Finally, we have amended our definition of free cash flow to deduct
         removing this amount more accurately reflects our ongoing
                                                                                              distributions paid to non-controlling interests to reflect the
         operational results as these derivative instruments economically
                                                                                              unavailability of this cash flow to repay debt or reinvest in our
         hedge the foreign exchange impacts of the network transaction
                                                                                              company.
         but they are not eligible to be accounted for as hedges in
         accordance with IFRS.




91   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                              MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME
                                                      Years ended December 31
                                                                                 ATTRIBUTABLE TO RCI SHAREHOLDERS

(In millions of dollars)                                    2025        2024                                                               Years ended December 31

Net income                                                 6,906        1,734    (In millions of dollars)                                        2025           2024
Add (deduct):
                                                                                 Net income attributable to RCI shareholders                     6,894          1,734
     Income tax expense                                       720         572
                                                                                 Add (deduct):
     Other income                                          (5,021)         (6)
                                                                                       Restructuring, acquisition and other                        439            406
     Gain on disposition of data centres                      (69)          –
                                                                                       Change in fair value of subsidiary equity
     Finance costs                                          2,043       2,295
                                                                                         derivative instruments                                      (9)             –
     Restructuring, acquisition and other                     439         406
                                                                                       Depreciation and amortization on fair value
     Depreciation and amortization                          4,802       4,616
                                                                                         increment of Shaw Transaction-related assets              829            917
Adjusted EBITDA                                            9,820        9,617          Gain on repayment of long-term debt                        (151)             –
                                                                                       Gain on revaluation of MLSE investment                   (4,976)             –
                                                                                       Gain on disposition of data centres                         (69)             –
RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME                                                  Revaluation of subsidiary US dollar-
                                                                                         denominated balances 1                                     13              –
                                                      Years ended December 31
                                                                                       Income tax impact of above items                           (249)          (338)
(In millions of dollars)                                    2025        2024
                                                                                 Adjusted net income attributable to RCI
Net income                                                 6,906        1,734      shareholders                                                  2,721          2,719
Add (deduct):
     Restructuring, acquisition and other                    439         406     1   Reflects RCI’s share of the impacts of foreign exchange revaluation on US dollar-
     Change in fair value of subsidiary equity                                       denominated intercompany balances in BNSI, our non-wholly owned network
       derivative instruments                                  (9)          –        subsidiary formed in connection with the network transaction. These impacts are
                                                                                     eliminated on consolidation.
     Depreciation and amortization on fair value
       increment of Shaw Transaction-related assets           829         917
     Gain on repayment of long-term debt                     (151)          –    RECONCILIATION OF FREE CASH FLOW
     Gain on revaluation of MLSE investment                (4,976)          –
                                                                                                                                           Years ended December 31
     Gain on disposition of data centres                      (69)          –
     Income tax impact of above items                        (249)       (338)   (In millions of dollars)                                         2025          2024
Adjusted net income                                        2,720        2,719    Cash provided by operating activities                           6,059          5,680
                                                                                 Add (deduct):
                                                                                       Capital expenditures                                     (3,707)        (4,041)
RECONCILIATION OF PRO FORMA TRAILING 12-MONTH                                          Interest on borrowings, net and capitalized
ADJUSTED EBITDA                                                                           interest                                              (1,924)        (1,986)
                                                                                       Interest paid, net                                        2,070          2,087
                                                            As at December 31
                                                                                       Restructuring, acquisition and other                        439            406
(In millions of dollars)                                                2025           Program rights amortization                                 (86)           (63)
Trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                                                      Change in net operating assets and liabilities              592            876
                                                                       9,820
                                                                                       Distributions paid by subsidiaries to
Add (deduct):
                                                                                          non-controlling interests                               (133)              –
   MLSE adjusted EBITDA – January to June 2025                           166
                                                                                       Post-employment benefit contributions, net of
Pro forma trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                            9,986              expense                                                  (75)           (82)
                                                                                       Cash flows relating to other operating activities           128            166
                                                                                       Other investment (income) losses                             (7)             2

                                                                                 Free cash flow                                                  3,356          3,045




                                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.              |   92
         MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




         SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS OF LONG-TERM DEBT GUARANTOR
         Our outstanding senior notes and debentures, amounts drawn on RCI’s $6 billion bank credit and letter of credit facilities, and derivatives
         are unsecured obligations of RCI, as obligor, and RCCI, as either co-obligor or guarantor, as applicable.

         The selected unaudited consolidating summary financial information for RCI for the periods identified below, presented with a separate
         column for: (i) RCI, (ii) RCCI, (iii) our non-guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis, (iv) consolidating adjustments, and (v) the total
         consolidated amounts, is set forth as follows:
         Years ended December 31                                                                                                Non-guarantor           Consolidating
         (unaudited)                                                                   RCI 1,2               RCCI 1,2           subsidiaries 1,2        adjustments 1,2                Total

         (In millions of dollars)                                                 2025           2024     2025        2024       2025       2024          2025        2024        2025         2024
         Selected Statements of Income data measure:
             Revenue                                                                851              –   17,872     17,760       5,074     3,222        (2,085)        (378)    21,712      20,604
             Net income (loss)                                                    6,905          1,733   10,519      1,146        (138)      651       (10,380)      (1,796)     6,906       1,734
             Net income (loss) attributable to RCI shareholders                   6,905          1,733   10,519      1,146        (150)      651       (10,380)      (1,796)     6,894       1,734


         As at December 31                                                                                                      Non-guarantor           Consolidating
         (unaudited)                                                                   RCI 1,2               RCCI 1,2           subsidiaries 1,2        adjustments 1,2                Total

         (In millions of dollars)                                                 2025           2024     2025        2024       2025       2024          2025        2024        2025         2024
         Selected Statements of Financial Position data measure:
             Current assets                                                     52,780      52,502       59,158     57,465     12,524 11,017         (114,974) (112,611)         9,488       8,373
             Non-current assets                                                 76,883      65,957       50,107     43,368     30,885 7,218           (77,351) (53,505)         80,524      63,038
             Current liabilities                                                57,303      57,163       56,800     56,144      9,780 8,854          (108,231) (109,552)        15,652      12,609
             Non-current liabilities                                            47,551      43,922        8,724     11,165      7,368    619          (13,569)   (7,307)        50,074      48,399
         1   For the purposes of this table, investments in subsidiary companies are accounted for by the equity method.
         2   Amounts recorded in current liabilities and non-current liabilities for RCCI do not include any obligations arising as a result of being a guarantor or co-obligor, as the case may be,
             under any of RCI’s long-term debt.




93   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS
                                                                                                                                                                              As at or years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars, except per share amounts, subscriber count
results, churn, ARPU, ARPA, percentages, and ratios)                                                        2025                      2024                     2023                      2022                      2021
Revenue
    Wireless                                                                                               10,715                    10,595                   10,222                     9,197                     8,768
    Cable                                                                                                   7,868                     7,876                    7,005                     4,071                     4,072
    Media                                                                                                   3,288                     2,242                    2,049                     1,966                     1,595
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                            (159)                     (109)                      32                       162                       220
Total revenue                                                                                              21,712                    20,604                   19,308                    15,396                    14,655
Total service revenue                                                                                      19,104                    18,066                   16,845                    13,305                    12,533
Adjusted EBITDA
    Wireless                                                                                                5,364                     5,312                    4,986                     4,469                     4,214
    Cable                                                                                                   4,585                     4,518                    3,774                     2,058                     2,013
    Media                                                                                                     241                        88                       75                        71                      (146)
    Corporate items and intercompany eliminations                                                            (370)                     (301)                    (254)                     (205)                     (194)
Total adjusted EBITDA                                                                                       9,820                     9,617                    8,581                     6,393                     5,887
Net income                                                                                                  6,906                     1,734                      849                     1,680                     1,558
Net income attributable to RCI shareholders                                                                 6,894                     1,734                      849                     1,680                     1,558
Adjusted net income                                                                                         2,720                     2,719                    2,406                     1,915                     1,803
Adjusted net income attributable to RCI shareholders                                                        2,721                     2,719                    2,406                     1,915                     1,803
Cash provided by operating activities                                                                       6,059                     5,680                    5,221                     4,493                     4,161
Free cash flow                                                                                              3,356                     3,045                    2,414                     1,773                     1,671
Capital expenditures                                                                                        3,707                     4,041                    3,934                     3,075                     2,788
Earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders:
    Basic                                                                                              $ 12.77                   $     3.25               $     1.62                $     3.33                $     3.09
    Diluted                                                                                            $ 12.74                   $     3.20               $     1.62                $     3.32                $     3.07
Adjusted earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders:
    Basic                                                                                              $     5.04                $     5.09               $     4.60                $     3.79                $     3.57
    Diluted                                                                                            $     5.02                $     5.04               $     4.59                $     3.78                $     3.56
Statements of Financial Position:
     Assets
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                     26,307                    25,072                   24,332                    15,574                    14,666
         Goodwill                                                                                          20,032                    16,280                   16,280                     4,031                     4,024
         Intangible assets                                                                                 28,898                    17,858                   17,896                    12,251                    12,281
         Investments                                                                                        1,291                       615                      598                     2,088                     2,493
         Other assets                                                                                      13,484                    11,586                   10,176                    21,711                     8,499
       Total assets                                                                                        90,012                    71,411                   69,282                    55,655                    41,963
       Liabilities and Equity
            Long-term liabilities                                                                          50,074                    48,399                   50,060                    36,014                    22,812
            Current liabilities                                                                            15,652                    12,609                    8,782                     9,549                     8,619
            Total liabilities                                                                              65,726                    61,008                   58,842                    45,563                    31,431
            Equity                                                                                         24,286                    10,403                   10,440                    10,092                    10,532
       Total liabilities and equity                                                                        90,012                    71,411                   69,282                    55,655                    41,963
Subscriber count results (in thousands) 1
    Wireless mobile phone subscribers 2,3,4,5,6,7                                                          12,195                    11,874                   11,609                    10,647                    10.013
    Retail Internet subscribers 7,8                                                                         4,497                     4,273                    4,162                     2,284                     2,229
    Video subscribers                                                                                       2,503                     2,617                    2,751                     1,525                     1,491
    Home Monitoring subscribers                                                                               153                       133                       89                       101                       113
    Home Phone subscribers                                                                                  1,389                     1,507                    1,629                       836                       911
    Customer relationships 7,8                                                                              4,856                     4,683                    4,636                     2,590                     2,581
Additional Wireless metrics 1
    Postpaid mobile phone churn (monthly) 2,3,4,5                                                        1.11%                     1.21%                    1.11%                     0.90%                     0.88%
    Mobile phone ARPU (monthly)                                                                        $ 56.42                   $ 57.98                  $ 57.86                   $ 57.89                   $ 56.83
Additional Cable metrics
   ARPA (monthly)                                                                                      $136.30                   $140.12                  $ 142.58                  $130.12                   $132.58
   Penetration                                                                                           46.2%                     45.9%                     46.6%                    53.9%                     54.9%
Additional consolidated metrics
    Revenue growth                                                                                         5%                        7%                      25%                        5%                        5%
    Adjusted EBITDA growth                                                                                 2%                      12%                       34%                        9%                        1%
    Dividends declared per share                                                                       $ 2.00                    $ 2.00                   $ 2.00                    $ 2.00                    $ 2.00
    Dividend payout ratio of net income 1                                                               15.7%                     61.8%                    123.2%                    60.1%                     64.8%
    Dividend payout ratio of free cash flow 1                                                           32.2%                     35.2%                     43.3%                    57.0%                     60.4%
    Return on assets 1                                                                                   7.7%                      2.4%                      1.2%                     3.0%                      3.7%
    Debt leverage ratio                                                                                    4.0                       4.5                       5.0                      3.5                       3.4
1   As defined. See “Key Performance Indicators”.
2   Effective April 1, 2025, and on a prospective basis, we adjusted our mobile phone subscriber bases to add 96,000 postpaid subscribers and 5,000 prepaid subscribers associated with the completion of the
    migration of customers from brands we had previously stopped selling. We believe this adjustment more meaningfully reflects the underlying organic subscriber performance of our mobile phone business.
    This year, 14,000 postpaid mobile phone and 11,000 prepaid mobile phone customers impacted by the ongoing decommissioning of our 3G network have been excluded from our customer base and churn
    metrics above.
3   Effective January 1, 2024, we adjusted our postpaid mobile phone subscriber base to remove 110,000 Cityfone subscribers and we adjusted our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base to remove 56,000 Fido
    prepaid subscribers. Effective October 1, 2024, we adjusted our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base to remove 81,000 Rogers prepaid subscribers. We believe these adjustment more meaningfully reflect the
    underlying organic subscriber performance of our postpaid and prepaid mobile phone businesses.
4   Effective April 1, 2023, we adjusted our postpaid mobile phone subscriber base to remove 51,000 subscribers relating to a wholesale account.
5   On April 3, 2023, we acquired approximately 501,000 Shaw Mobile postpaid mobile phone subscribers as a result of our acquisition of Shaw, which are not included in net additions. As at December 31, 2023, we
    had completed migrating these subscribers to the Rogers network; there were 18,000 deactivated subscribers that could not be migrated and were therefore removed from our postpaid mobile phone subscriber
    base effective December 31, 2023.
6   Effective December 1, 2023, we adjusted our Wireless prepaid subscriber base to remove 94,000 subscribers as a result of a change to our deactivation policy from 90 days to 30 days.
7   The following adjustments were made as we stopped selling new plans for the services as of the noted dates. Effective January 1, 2024, and on a prospective basis, we adjusted our prepaid mobile phone
    subscriber base to remove 56,000 Fido prepaid subscribers. Effective October 1, 2024, and on a prospective basis, we adjusted our prepaid mobile phone subscriber base to remove 81,000 Rogers prepaid
    subscribers. Effective October 1, 2023, and on a prospective basis, we reduced our retail Internet subscriber base by 182,000 and our customer relationships by 173,000 to remove Fido Internet subscribers. Upon
    the completion of the migration of subscribers from legacy Fido Internet plans, effective April 1, 2025 and on a prospective basis, we added 122,000 customer relationships and 124,000 retail Internet subscribers.
    We believe these adjustments more meaningfully reflect the underlying organic subscriber performance of our prepaid mobile phone and retail Internet businesses.




                                                                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                             |   94
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting
         December 31, 2025
         The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Rogers               The Audit and Risk Committee meets regularly with management,
         Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries and all the information in        as well as the internal and external auditors, to discuss internal
         Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are the                        control over the financial reporting process, auditing matters, and
         responsibility of management and have been approved by the                 financial reporting issues; to satisfy itself that each party is properly
         Board of Directors.                                                        discharging its responsibilities; and to review MD&A, the
                                                                                    consolidated financial statements, and the external auditors’
         Management has prepared the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                    reports. The Audit and Risk Committee reports its findings to the
         in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
                                                                                    Board of Directors for its consideration when approving the
         issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The
                                                                                    consolidated financial statements for issuance to the shareholders.
         consolidated financial statements include certain amounts that are
                                                                                    The Audit and Risk Committee also considers the engagement or
         based on management’s best estimates and judgments and, in
                                                                                    re-appointment of the external auditors before submitting its
         their opinion, present fairly, in all material respects, Rogers
                                                                                    recommendation to the Board of Directors for review and for
         Communications Inc.’s financial position, results of operations, and
                                                                                    shareholder approval.
         cash flows. Management has prepared the financial information
         presented elsewhere in MD&A and has ensured that it is consistent          The consolidated financial statements have been audited by KPMG
         with the consolidated financial statements.                                LLP, the external auditors, in accordance with the standards of the
                                                                                    Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) on
         Management has developed and maintains a system of internal
                                                                                    behalf of the shareholders. Our internal control over financial
         controls that further enhances the integrity of the consolidated
                                                                                    reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by KPMG
         financial statements. The system of internal controls is supported by
                                                                                    LLP, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
         the internal audit function and includes management
                                                                                    Accountability Oversight Board (United States). KPMG LLP has full
         communication to employees about its policies on ethical business
                                                                                    and free access to the Audit and Risk Committee.
         conduct.

         Management believes these internal controls provide reasonable             March 6, 2026
         assurance that:
         • transactions are properly authorized and recorded;
         • financial records are reliable and form a proper basis for the
           preparation of consolidated financial statements; and
         • the assets of Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries are
           properly accounted for and safeguarded.                                  Tony Staffieri                             Glenn Brandt
                                                                                    President and Chief Executive Officer      Chief Financial Officer
         The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing management’s
         responsibility for financial reporting and is ultimately responsible for
         reviewing and approving the consolidated financial statements. The
         Board of Directors carries out this responsibility through its Audit
         and Risk Committee.




95   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Rogers                    Critical Audit Matters
Communications Inc.                                                     The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising
                                                                        from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements                        statements that were communicated or required to be
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of             communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to
financial position of Rogers Communications Inc. (the Company) as       accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated                 financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity,          subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related        audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our     consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all   not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of          separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
December 31, 2025 and 2024, and its financial performance and           disclosures to which they relate.
its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the     Valuation of certain acquired franchise right intangible assets in the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).                        acquisition of MLSE
                                                                        As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
                                                                        effective July 1, 2025, the Company acquired a holding company
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
                                                                        that indirectly held Bell’s effective 37.5% ownership stake in Maple
(PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
                                                                        Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) for a purchase price of
of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal
                                                                        $4,700 million in cash (MLSE Transaction). With the closing of the
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
                                                                        MLSE Transaction, the Company is the controlling shareholder of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our
                                                                        MLSE, with a 75% ownership interest. Based on the allocation of
report dated March 6, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on
                                                                        the total purchase consideration of $9,676 million, which included
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
                                                                        the fair value of Rogers’ existing investment in MLSE of
reporting.
                                                                        $4,976 million, the Company recorded $9,830 million of franchise
                                                                        right intangible assets. The fair value has been estimated using a
Basis for Opinion                                                       market-based approach based on market revenue multiples and
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of       precedent team transactions in each of the leagues, including
the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an           league expansions, as applicable.
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB       We identified the assessment of the valuation of certain of the
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company          acquired franchise right intangible assets in the acquisition of MLSE
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the             as a critical audit matter. A high degree of auditor judgment was
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange         required to evaluate the selection and application of the market-
Commission and the PCAOB.                                               based valuation approach and the key assumptions used to adjust
                                                                        the available market data, including precedent and anticipated
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the         franchise expansions data for local Toronto market factors,
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the             including population, gross domestic product, and number of
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the                  major sports teams. A high degree of auditor judgment was
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,    required to evaluate these key assumptions due to the sensitivity of
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing           the valuation of the franchise right intangible assets to changes in
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the          these assumptions. Additionally, the audit effort associated with
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,       assessing the selection and application of the market-based
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such             valuation approach required specialized skills and knowledge.
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated               The following are the primary procedures we performed to address
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the           this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by            operating effectiveness of an internal control related to the
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the       Company’s determination of the estimated fair value of certain
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits           acquired franchise right intangible assets, including controls over
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.                             the selection and application of the market-based valuation
                                                                        approach and determination of the key assumptions. We evaluated
                                                                        the local Toronto market factors used by management to adjust the
                                                                        available market data in determining the fair value of the certain



                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   96
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         franchises by comparing the assumptions to precedent franchise          subjective auditor judgment required in evaluating the selection of
         sale transactions, external macroeconomic and market data, and          the method to estimate the recoverable amount, determined
         publicly available North American professional sports league            based on fair value less costs of disposal using discounted cash
         information. We involved valuation professionals with specialized       flow and market approaches, as well as in estimating the key
         skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the selection and       assumption with respect to revenue multiples.
         application of the market-based approach by considering
                                                                                 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address
         alternative valuation methods, and the reasonability of the valuation
                                                                                 this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the
         of franchise right intangible assets by considering the assessed
                                                                                 operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the
         value relative to other assets acquired in the transaction and the
                                                                                 Company’s goodwill impairment testing process, including
         enterprise value of MLSE.
                                                                                 controls related to the determination that goodwill should be
                                                                                 tested at the Media segment level and a control over the selection
         Recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill in the Media
                                                                                 of the method used to estimate the recoverable amount and the
         segment
                                                                                 revenue multiples assumption. We assessed the identification of
         As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements,
                                                                                 CGUs and the allocation of goodwill to the Media group of CGUs
         the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as at
                                                                                 for purposes of the annual impairment test by evaluating the level
         October 1, or more frequently if they identify indicators of
                                                                                 at which goodwill is monitored. We evaluated the revenue
         impairment. Goodwill is impaired if the recoverable amount is less
                                                                                 multiples assumption by sensitizing to assess the impact of
         than the carrying amount. The recoverable amount of a cash-
                                                                                 changes in the revenue multiples assumption on the Company’s
         generating unit (CGU) is the higher of its fair value less costs of
                                                                                 determination of the recoverable amount. We involved valuation
         disposal and value in use. The Company makes judgments in
                                                                                 professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in
         determining CGUs and the allocation of goodwill for the purpose
                                                                                 evaluating the selection of the method to determine the
         of impairment testing. The carrying value of goodwill in the Media
                                                                                 recoverable amount by considering alternative valuation methods,
         segment as of December 31, 2025 was $4,781 million. Goodwill is
                                                                                 and in assessing revenue multiples by evaluating relevant
         monitored and tested for impairment at the Media segment level
                                                                                 precedent transactions and comparable public information.
         as a whole. The estimate of the recoverable amount of goodwill in
         the Media group is determined based on fair value less costs of
         disposal. Given the nature of the Media group, the determination
         of its fair value is not exclusively cash-flow-based and instead
         considers market revenue multiples and precedent team
         transactions, as applicable.                                            Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
                                                                                 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1969.
         We identified the assessment of the recoverability of the carrying      Toronto, Canada
         value of goodwill in the Media segment as a critical audit matter.      March 6, 2026
         There was judgment applied in assessing the level at which
         goodwill was tested. In addition, there was a high degree of




97   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Rogers                     We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
Communications Inc.                                                      PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
                                                                         audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                     internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
We have audited Rogers Communications Inc.’s (the Company)               material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025,       reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated           over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring                   exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the            effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal         audit also included performing such other procedures as we
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on       considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework          audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission.                                                 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial
                                                                         Reporting
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the
                                                                         A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
                                                                         designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
(PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial position of the
                                                                         of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related
                                                                         external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
                                                                         accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended,
                                                                         reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial
                                                                         the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
statements), and our report dated March 6, 2026 expressed an
                                                                         and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of
unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
                                                                         the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
The Company acquired Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd.              are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
during 2025, and management excluded from its assessment of              statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial       principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
reporting as of December 31, 2025, Maple Leaf Sports &                   being made only in accordance with authorizations of
Entertainment Ltd.’s internal control over financial reporting           management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
associated with $0.6 billion of total revenues, $50 million of net       reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
income, $3.0 billion of total assets, 4% of current assets, 3% of non-   unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
current assets, 6% of current liabilities, and 1% of non-current         assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
liabilities included in the consolidated financial statements of the
                                                                         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our
                                                                         reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company
                                                                         projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial
                                                                         subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
reporting of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment Ltd.
                                                                         of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
                                                                         policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included under the heading Management’s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting contained within               Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants
Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the year ended                  Toronto, Canada
December 31, 2025. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on        March 6, 2026
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   98
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Income
         (In millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)




         Years ended December 31                                                                  Note        2025          2024
         Revenue                                                                                       6     21,712        20,604
         Operating expenses:
             Operating costs                                                                            7    11,892        10,987
             Depreciation and amortization                                                       8, 9, 10     4,802         4,616
             Restructuring, acquisition and other                                                      11       439           406
         Finance costs                                                                                 12     2,043         2,295
         Gain on disposition of data centres                                                            3       (69)            —
         Other income                                                                                  13    (5,021)           (6)

         Income before income tax expense                                                                     7,626         2,306
         Income tax expense                                                                           14        720           572

         Net income for the year                                                                              6,906         1,734

         Net income for the year attributable to:
              RCI shareholders                                                                                6,894         1,734
              Non-controlling interest                                                                30         12             —

         Earnings per share attributable to RCI shareholders:
             Basic                                                                                    15    $ 12.77    $     3.25
             Diluted                                                                                  15    $ 12.74    $     3.20

         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




99   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income




                                                                                                                                                CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars)




Years ended December 31                                                                           Note          2025            2024
Net income for the year                                                                                         6,906           1,734

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Items that will not be reclassified to net income:
    Defined benefit pension plans:
         Remeasurements                                                                             27            115             177
         Related income tax expense                                                                 14            (30)            (48)
      Defined benefit pension plans                                                                                85             129

      Equity investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI):
          Increase in fair value                                                                    20             37              11
          Related income tax recovery (expense)                                                     14              2              (1)
      Equity investments measured at FVTOCI                                                                        39              10
Items that will not be reclassified to net income                                                                 124             139

Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income:
    Cash flow hedging derivative instruments:
         Unrealized (loss) gain in fair value of derivative instruments                                           (25)          1,081
         Reclassification to net income of loss (gain) on debt derivatives                                      1,409          (1,983)
         Reclassification to net income or property, plant and equipment of gain on expenditure
            derivatives                                                                                           (65)            (63)
         Reclassification to net income for accrued interest                                                     (105)            (57)
         Related income tax recovery (expense)                                                      14             32            (145)
      Cash flow hedging derivative instruments                                                                  1,246          (1,167)
Items that may subsequently be reclassified to net income                                                       1,246          (1,167)
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                                  1,370          (1,028)
Comprehensive income for the year                                                                               8,276             706

Comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
   RCI shareholders                                                                                             8,264             706
   Non-controlling interest                                                                                        12               —

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   100
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
         (In millions of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                                                                    As at         As at
                                                                                                                              December 31   December 31
                                                                                                                     Note           2025          2024
         Assets
         Current assets:
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              1,344           898
             Accounts receivable                                                                                        16          6,105         5,478
             Inventories                                                                                                17            550           641
             Current portion of contract assets                                                                          6            151           171
             Other current assets                                                                                       18          1,239           849
             Current portion of derivative instruments                                                                  19             99           336
         Total current assets                                                                                                       9,488         8,373
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                 8, 9        26,307        25,072
         Intangible assets                                                                                               10        28,898        17,858
         Investments                                                                                                     20         1,291           615
         Derivative instruments                                                                                          19           746           997
         Financing receivables                                                                                           16         1,198         1,189
         Other long-term assets                                                                                          21         2,052         1,027
         Goodwill                                                                                                     3, 10        20,032        16,280
         Total assets                                                                                                              90,012        71,411

         Liabilities and equity
         Current liabilities:
             Short-term borrowings                                                                                      22          4,000         2,959
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                               4,831         4,059
             Income tax payable                                                                                                         —            26
             Other current liabilities                                                                                  23          3,831           482
             Contract liabilities                                                                                        6          1,114           800
             Current portion of long-term debt                                                                          25          1,186         3,696
             Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                        9            690           587
         Total current liabilities                                                                                                 15,652        12,609
         Provisions                                                                                                     24             55            61
         Long-term debt                                                                                                 25         35,872        38,200
         Lease liabilities                                                                                               9          2,428         2,191
         Other long-term liabilities                                                                                    26          2,225         1,666
         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       14          9,494         6,281
         Total liabilities                                                                                                         65,726        61,008
         Equity
             Equity attributable to RCI shareholders                                                                    28         17,751        10,403
             Non-controlling interest                                                                                   28          6,535             —
         Equity                                                                                                                    24,286        10,403
         Total liabilities and equity                                                                                              90,012        71,411

         Guarantees                                                                                                     31
         Commitments and contingent liabilities                                                                         32
         Subsequent events                                                                                           28, 32

         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

         On behalf of the Board of Directors:




         Edward S. Rogers                                                                        Robert J. Gemmell
         Director                                                                                Director



101   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity




                                                                                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In millions of Canadian dollars, except number of shares)




                                                                            Attributable to RCI shareholders
                                                Class A                 Class B
                                             Voting Shares         Non-Voting Shares
                                                  Number           Number                FVTOCI               Equity                                    Non-
                                                  of shares        of shares Retained investment Hedging investment                               controlling      Total
Year ended December 31, 2025               Amount    (000s) Amount    (000s) earnings     reserve reserve    reserve                        Total    interest     equity
Balances, January 1, 2025                         71 111,152          2,250 424,949             10,630          (7)   (2,551)      10 10,403                 — 10,403
Net income for the year                            —           —          —             —        6,894          —          —         —     6,894           12     6,906
Other comprehensive income:
  Defined benefit pension plans,
     net of tax                                    —           —          —             —          85           —          —         —        85             —       85
  FVTOCI investments, net of tax                   —           —          —             —           —          39          —         —        39             —       39
  Derivative instruments
     accounted for as hedges, net
     of tax                                        —           —          —             —           —           —      1,246         —     1,246             —    1,246
Total other comprehensive
  income                                           —           —          —             —          85          39      1,246         —     1,370             —    1,370
Comprehensive income for the
  year                                             —           —          —             —        6,979         39      1,246         —     8,264           12     8,276
Transactions with shareholders
  recorded directly in equity:
  Dividends declared (note 28)                     —           —          —             —       (1,079)         —          —         —     (1,079)           —    (1,079)
  Share price change on DRIP
     dividends                                     —           —          —             —           (2)         —          —         —         (2)           —        (2)
Non-controlling interests in shares
  of a subsidiary (note 28)                        —           —          —             —           —           —          —         —         —         6,656    6,656
Dividends declared by a subsidiary
  to non-controlling interests                     —           —          —             —           —           —          —         —         —          (133)    (133)
Shares issued as settlement of
  dividends (note 28)                              —           —       165        4,124             —           —          —         —       165             —      165
Total transactions with
  shareholders                                     —           —       165        4,124         (1,081)         —          —         —      (916)        6,523    5,607
Balances, December 31, 2025                      71 111,152          2,415 429,073 16,528                      32     (1,305)      10 17,751             6,535 24,286

                                                                           Class A                   Class B
                                                                        Voting Shares           Non-Voting Shares
                                                                             Number           Number                FVTOCI               Equity
                                                                             of shares        of shares Retained investment Hedging investment Total
Year ended December 31, 2024                                          Amount    (000s) Amount    (000s) earnings     reserve reserve    reserve equity
Balances, January 1, 2024                                                     71 111,152           1,921 418,869       9,839        (17)     (1,384)         10 10,440
Net income for the year                                                       —             —             —      —     1,734          —              —        — 1,734
Other comprehensive income (loss):
  Defined benefit pension plans, net of tax                                   —             —             —      —       129         —               —        —     129
  FVTOCI investments, net of tax                                              —             —             —      —         —        10               —        —      10
  Derivative instruments accounted for as hedges, net of
     tax                                                                      —             —             —      —         —          —      (1,167)          — (1,167)
Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                       —             —             —      —       129        10       (1,167)          — (1,028)
Comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                      —             —             —      —     1,863        10       (1,167)          —     706
Transactions with shareholders recorded directly in
  equity:
  Dividends declared (note 28)                                                —             —         —           —    (1,068)        —              —        — (1,068)
  Share price change in DRIP dividends                                        —             —         —           —        (4)        —              —        —     (4)
Shares issued as settlement of dividends (note 28)                            —             —       329       6,080         —         —              —        —    329
Total transactions with shareholders                                          —             —       329       6,080    (1,072)        —              —        —    (743)
Balances, December 31, 2024                                                   71 111,152           2,250 424,949      10,630         (7)     (2,551)         10 10,403

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.         |   102
         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
         (In millions of Canadian dollars)




         Years ended December 31                                                                                             Note       2025      2024
         Operating activities:
            Net income for the year                                                                                                    6,906     1,734
            Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities:
                 Depreciation and amortization                                                                              8, 9, 10    4,802    4,616
                 Program rights amortization                                                                                      10       86       63
                 Finance costs                                                                                                    12    2,043    2,295
                 Income tax expense                                                                                               14      720      572
                 Post-employment benefits contributions, net of expense                                                           27       75       82
                 Income from associates and joint ventures                                                                        13      (38)      (8)
                     Gain on revaluation of MLSE investment                                                                       13   (4,976)       —
                     Gain on disposition of data centres                                                                           3      (69)       —
                     Other                                                                                                               (128)    (166)
               Cash provided by operating activities before changes in net operating assets and liabilities, income taxes
                  paid, and interest paid                                                                                               9,421 9,188
               Change in net operating assets and liabilities                                                                    33      (592)   (876)
               Income taxes paid                                                                                                         (700)   (545)
               Interest paid, net                                                                                                      (2,070) (2,087)
         Cash provided by operating activities                                                                                         6,059     5,680
         Investing activities:
              Capital expenditures                                                                                            8, 33    (3,707) (4,041)
              Additions to program rights and other intangible assets                                                            10      (105)    (72)
              Changes in non-cash working capital related to investing activities                                                         (78)    136
              Acquisitions and other strategic transactions, net of cash acquired                                                 3    (4,315)   (475)
              Other                                                                                                                        (7)     (3)

         Cash used in investing activities                                                                                             (8,212) (4,455)
         Financing activities:
             Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                                    22     1,021 1,138
             Net repayment of long-term debt                                                                                     25    (3,478) (1,103)
             Net proceeds on settlement of debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives                                    19       114     107
             Transaction costs incurred                                                                                          25      (104)    (47)
             Principal payments of lease liabilities                                                                              9      (559)   (478)
             Dividends paid to RCI shareholders                                                                                  28      (913)   (739)
             Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interest                                                          28      (133)      —
             Issuance of subsidiary shares to non-controlling interest                                                           28     6,656       —
             Other                                                                                                                         (5)     (5)
         Cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                               2,599     (1,127)

         Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             446        98
         Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                  898       800
         Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                      1,344       898

         Cash and cash equivalents are defined as cash and short-term deposits that have an original maturity of less than 90 days, less bank
         advances.
         The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




103   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
  Page                Note                                                 Page                Note
 104      Note 1      Nature of the Business                               129     Note 18     Other Current Assets
 105      Note 2      Material Accounting Policies                         129     Note 19     Financial Risk Management and Financial
 107      Note 3      Business Combinations and Sales                                          Instruments
 110      Note 4      Capital Risk Management                              140     Note 20     Investments
 111      Note 5      Segmented Information                                141     Note 21     Other Long-Term Assets
 113      Note 6      Revenue                                              141     Note 22     Short-Term Borrowings
 116      Note 7      Operating Costs                                      143     Note 23     Other Current Liabilities
 117      Note 8      Property, Plant and Equipment                        144     Note 24     Provisions
 119      Note 9      Leases                                               145     Note 25     Long-Term Debt
 121      Note 10     Intangible Assets and Goodwill                       149     Note 26     Other Long-Term Liabilities
 125      Note 11     Restructuring, Acquisition and Other                 149     Note 27     Post-Employment Benefits
 125      Note 12     Finance Costs                                        153     Note 28     Equity
 126      Note 13     Other Income                                         154     Note 29     Stock-Based Compensation
 126      Note 14     Income Taxes                                         157     Note 30     Related Party Transactions
 127      Note 15     Earnings Per Share                                   159     Note 31     Guarantees
 128      Note 16     Accounts Receivable                                  159     Note 32     Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
 128      Note 17     Inventories                                          160     Note 33     Supplemental Cash Flow Information


NOTE 1: NATURE OF THE BUSINESS
Rogers Communications Inc. is Canada’s communications, sports              Communications Canada Inc. (RCCI), and certain other
and entertainment company. Substantially all of our operations and         subsidiaries. Media was operated by our wholly owned subsidiary,
sales are in Canada. RCI is incorporated in Canada and its                 Rogers Media Inc., its subsidiaries, and, following completion of the
registered office is located at 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto,            MLSE Transaction, MLSE (see note 3). Effective this year, Today’s
Ontario, M4W 1G9. RCI’s shares are publicly traded on the Toronto
                                                                           Shopping Choice (TSC) was transferred from the Media reportable
Stock Exchange (TSX: RCI.A and RCI.B) and on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE: RCI).                                                      segment to Corporate Items, consistent with changes to its
                                                                           management structure. Comparative results have been recast to
We, us, our, Rogers, Rogers Communications, and the Company refer          reflect this change, with no impact on consolidated results.
to Rogers Communications Inc. and its subsidiaries. RCI refers to the
legal entity Rogers Communications Inc., not including its subsidiaries.   See note 5 for more information about our reportable operating
Rogers also holds interests in various investments and ventures.           segments.

We report our results of operations in three reportable segments.          References in these financial statements to the Shaw Transaction are
Each segment and the nature of its business is as follows:                 to our acquisition of Shaw Communications Inc. (Shaw) on April 3,
                                                                           2023. For additional details regarding the Shaw Transaction, see note
   Segment       Principal activities                                      3 to our 2024 Annual Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.
  Wireless       Wireless telecommunications operations for                References in these financial statements to the MLSE Transaction are
                 Canadian consumers, businesses, the public                to our acquisition of Bell’s indirect 37.5% interest in Maple Leaf
                 sector, and wholesale providers.                          Sports & Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) on July 1, 2025 (see note 3).
                                                                           References in these financial statements to the “network transaction”
  Cable          Cable telecommunications operations, including
                 Internet, television and other video (Video),             are to our sale of a non-controlling interest in Backhaul Network
                 Satellite, telephony (Home Phone), and home               Services Inc. (BNSI), a Canadian subsidiary of Rogers that owns a
                 monitoring services for Canadian consumers and            minor part of our wireless network (see note 28).
                 businesses, and network connectivity through our
                 fibre network to support a range of voice, data,          BUSINESS SEASONALITY
                 networking, hosting, and cloud-based services for         Our operating results generally vary from quarter to quarter as a
                 the business, public sector, and carrier wholesale        result of changes in general economic conditions and seasonal
                 markets.                                                  fluctuations, among other things, in each of our reportable
  Media          A diversified portfolio of media properties,              segments. This means our results in one quarter are not necessarily
                 including sports media and entertainment,                 indicative of how we will perform in a future quarter. Wireless,
                 television and radio broadcasting, specialty              Cable, and Media each have unique seasonal aspects to, and
                 channels, digital media, and sports team                  certain other historical trends in, their businesses, which are
                 ownership.                                                described below. Fluctuations in net income from quarter to
                                                                           quarter can also be attributed to losses on the repayment of debt,
During the year ended December 31, 2025, Wireless and Cable                other income and expenses, impairment of assets, restructuring,
were operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Rogers                       acquisition and other costs, and changes in income tax expense.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   104
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Wireless                                                                  • periods of increased consumer activity and their impact on
         Wireless operating results are influenced by the timing of our              advertising cycles, which tend to be most active in the fourth
         marketing and promotional expenditures and higher levels of                 quarter due to holiday spending and slower in the first quarter.
         subscriber additions, resulting in higher subscriber acquisition- and
         activation-related expenses, typically in the third and fourth            We own and operate the following major sports teams:
         quarters. The third and fourth quarters typically experience higher       • the Toronto Blue Jays (Major League Baseball or MLB), for which
         volumes of activity as a result of “back to school” and holiday             the regular season typically runs from late March to September
         season-related consumer behaviour. More aggressive promotional              and the postseason occurs in October;
         offers are often advertised during these periods. In contrast, we         • the Toronto Maple Leafs (National Hockey League or NHL), for
         typically see lower subscriber-related activity in the first quarter of     which the regular season typically runs from October to early
         the year.                                                                   April and the playoffs occur from mid-April to mid-June;
                                                                                   • the Toronto Raptors (National Basketball Association or NBA), for
         The launch of new products and services, including popular new
                                                                                     which the regular season typically runs from mid-October to
         wireless device models, can also affect the level of subscriber
                                                                                     mid-April and the playoffs occur from mid-April to June;
         activity. Highly anticipated device launches typically occur in the
                                                                                   • the Toronto Football Club (Major League Soccer or MLS), for
         spring and fall seasons of each year. Wireless roaming revenue is
                                                                                     which the regular season typically runs from mid-February to
         dependent on customer travel volumes and timing, which in turn
                                                                                     mid-October and the playoffs occur from mid-October to early
         are affected by the foreign exchange rate of the Canadian dollar
                                                                                     December; and
         and general economic conditions.
                                                                                   • the Toronto Argonauts (Canadian Football League or CFL), for
                                                                                     which the regular season typically runs from early June to late
         Cable
                                                                                     October and the playoffs occur in November.
         Cable operating results are affected by modest seasonal
         fluctuations, typically caused by:
                                                                                   Revenue recognized, and the related costs incurred, on game-
         • university and college students who live in temporary residences:
                                                                                   related items (tickets, merchandise, and concessions, for example)
            • moving out early in the second quarter and canceling their
                                                                                   and advertising is concentrated when games are played, with
               service; and
                                                                                   postseason games commanding a premium in advertising revenue
            • students moving in late in the third quarter and signing up for
                                                                                   and additional revenue from game-related items, if and when any
               cable service;
                                                                                   of the teams play in their respective postseasons. We also have
         • individuals temporarily suspending wireline service for extended
                                                                                   access to the broadcast rights for nationally broadcast NHL games
            vacations or seasonal relocations;
                                                                                   and some or all of the broadcast rights for the Toronto Blue Jays,
         • individuals temporarily activating satellite services for second or
                                                                                   Toronto Maple Leafs, and Toronto Raptors home games.
            vacation homes during the second and third quarter;
                                                                                   Programming and production costs for such broadcasts are
         • the timing of service pricing changes; and
                                                                                   expensed based on the number of games aired. Player payroll
         • the concentrated marketing we generally conduct in our fourth
                                                                                   costs are expensed based on the number of games played by each
            quarter.
                                                                                   team.
         Cable results from our enterprise customers do not generally have
         any unique seasonal aspects.                                              STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
                                                                                   We prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance
         Media                                                                     with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
         Seasonal fluctuations relate to:                                          International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The Board of
         • the timing of regular season and postseason games in the major          Directors (Board) authorized these consolidated financial
           sports leagues in which we operate (see below); and                     statements for issue on March 6, 2026.




         NOTE 2: MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
         (a) BASIS OF PRESENTATION                                                 (b) BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
         All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted. Our           Subsidiaries are entities we control. We include the financial
         functional currency is the Canadian dollar. We prepare the                statements of our subsidiaries in our consolidated financial
         consolidated financial statements on a historical cost basis, except      statements from the date we gain control of them until our control
         for:                                                                      ceases. We eliminate all intercompany transactions and balances
            • certain financial instruments as disclosed in note 19, including     between our subsidiaries on consolidation. In determining whether
              investments (which are also disclosed in note 20), which are         we control an entity, we assess the degree of power we can exert
              measured at fair value;                                              over the entity, the degree of variability to which we are exposed
            • the net deferred pension liability, which is measured as             from our involvement with the entity, and whether we have the
              described in note 27; and                                            ability to affect our returns using our power. Net income and
            • liabilities for stock-based compensation, which are measured         comprehensive income are attributed to RCI shareholders and
              at fair value as disclosed in note 29.                               non-controlling interests based on the non-controlling interests’



105   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
share of the net income in the subsidiary in which they hold their         (f) NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ADOPTED IN
interest. Equity attributable to RCI shareholders is reported              2025
separately from non-controlling interests in total equity.                 We adopted the following IFRS amendments in 2025. They did not
                                                                           have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
(c) FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION                                           • Amendments to IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign
We translate amounts denominated in foreign currencies into                  Exchange Rates—Lack of Exchangeability, clarifying when a
Canadian dollars as follows:                                                 currency is exchangeable and when it is not exchangeable.
• monetary assets and liabilities—at the exchange rate in effect as
  at the date of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position;        (g) RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOT YET
• non-monetary assets and liabilities, and related depreciation and        ADOPTED
  amortization—at the historical exchange rates; and                       The IASB has issued the following new standard and amendments
• revenue and expenses other than depreciation and                         to existing standards that will become effective in future years:
  amortization—at the average exchange rate for the month in               • IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
  which the transaction was recognized.                                       (replacing IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements), with an
                                                                              aim to improve the structure and content of the primary financial
(d) ASSETS HELD FOR SALE                                                      statements and comparability between issuers (January 1, 2027).
We classify non-current assets, or disposal groups consisting of              The focus of IFRS 18 is on presentation in the statement of
assets and liabilities, as held-for-sale if it is highly probable their       income by requiring income and expenses to be classified into
carrying amounts will be recovered primarily through a sale rather            operating, investing, and financing categories. The main
than through continued use. Assets, or disposal groups, classified            business activities of a company drive classification of income
as held-for-sale are measured at the lower of (i) their carrying              and expense into appropriate categories and further
amount and (ii) fair value less costs to sell. Once classified as             disaggregation of operating expense line items will be required
held-for-sale, property, plant and equipment and finite-life                  in the statement of income. It also introduces defined subtotals
intangible assets are no longer depreciated or amortized,                     of “operating profit” and “profit before financing and income
respectively. Classifying assets or disposal groups as held for sale          taxes” in the statement of income to improve comparability
can require significant judgment in determining if the sale is highly         between companies. Impacts on the statement of cash flows
probable, especially for larger assets or disposal groups. This               include eliminating classification options for interest and
requires an assessment of, among other things, whether                        dividend receipts (must be classified as investing) and payments
management is committed to the sale and it is unlikely significant            (must be classified as financing). In addition, IFRS 18 provides
changes to the disposal plan will be made. We regularly reassess              guidance on the disclosure of “management-defined
assets or disposal groups classified as held-for-sale to determine if         performance measures” in relation to the statement of income,
their sales are still highly probable and, if not, we reclassify them to      including reconciliation requirements.
their original captions in the Consolidated Statement of Financial         • Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
Position.                                                                     Financial Instruments: Disclosures, clarifying both the
                                                                              classification of financial assets linked to environmental, social,
(e) PLAYER COMPENSATION                                                       and governance as well as the timing in which a financial asset or
Annual contractual player salaries are expensed over the applicable           financial liability is derecognized when using electronic payment
regular season on a straight-line basis. Signing bonuses paid to              systems (January 1, 2026).
players are considered earned when the contract is executed by
                                                                           We are assessing the impacts IFRS 18 and the amendments to IFRS
both the player and the team. At that time, we recognize a
                                                                           9 and IFRS 7 will have on our consolidated financial statements. We
deferred player compensation liability, reflecting our obligation to
                                                                           do not expect the amendments to have a material impact on
pay the signing bonus to the player, and a corresponding deferred
                                                                           adoption; however, our consolidated statement of income will be
player compensation asset. The current and long-term portions of
                                                                           presented differently under IFRS 18 and there will be
the asset and liability are recognized in other current (or long-term)
                                                                           recategorizations of certain line items in the statements of income
assets or liabilities based on the recognition and payment schedule
                                                                           and statements of cash flows.
associated with each signing bonus. The liability for signing
bonuses paid over all or part of a player’s contract is recognized at
present value. The asset is amortized over the applicable sports
league’s regular season on a straight-line basis over the fixed
contract term of the player.




                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   106
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         (h) ADDITIONAL MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES,                                note or disclosed throughout the notes as identified in the table
         ESTIMATES, AND JUDGMENTS                                                    below, including:
         When preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make               • information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that
         judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect how accounting              have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the
                                                                                       amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements;
         policies are applied and the amounts we report as assets, liabilities,
                                                                                     • information about judgments made in applying accounting
         revenue, and expenses. The accounting policies applied in 2025
                                                                                       policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts
         were consistent with those applied in 2024. Our material
                                                                                       recognized in the consolidated financial statements; and
         accounting policies, estimates, and judgments are identified in this        • information on our material accounting policies.

           Note    Topic                                                       Page      Accounting Policy     Use of Estimates     Use of Judgments
           3       Business Combinations and Sales                                 107            X                     X                    X
           5       Reportable Segments                                             111            X                                          X
           6       Revenue Recognition                                             113            X                     X                    X
           8       Property, Plant and Equipment                                   117            X                     X                    X
           9       Leases                                                          119            X                     X                    X
           10      Intangible Assets and Goodwill                                  121            X                     X                    X
           11      Restructuring, Acquisition and Other                            125            X                                          X
           14      Income Taxes                                                    126            X                                          X
           15      Earnings Per Share                                              127            X
           16      Accounts Receivable                                             128            X
           17      Inventories                                                     128            X
           19      Financial Instruments                                           129            X                     X                    X
           20      Investments                                                     140            X
           24      Provisions                                                      144            X                     X
           27      Post-Employment Benefits                                        149            X                     X
           29      Stock-Based Compensation                                        154            X                     X
           32      Commitments and Contingent Liabilities                          159            X                                          X


         NOTE 3: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND SALES
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, including the
         We account for business combinations using the acquisition                  related deferred tax impacts.
         method of accounting. Only acquisitions that result in our gaining
         control over the acquired businesses are accounted for as business          JUDGMENTS
         combinations. We possess control over an entity when we                     We use significant judgment to determine what is, and what is not,
         conclude we are exposed to variable returns from our involvement            part of a business combination, including the timing of when
         with the acquired entity and we have the ability to affect those            control transfers to us. This requires assessing the nature of other
         returns through our power over the acquired entity.                         transactions entered into with the acquiree to ensure we account for
                                                                                     the business combination using only the consideration transferred
         We calculate the fair value of the consideration paid as the sum of
                                                                                     for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the exchange.
         the fair value at the date of acquisition of the assets we transferred,
         the equity interests we issued, and the liabilities we incurred to          We also use significant judgment in determining the valuation
         former owners of the subsidiary.                                            methodologies applied to various assets and liabilities.
         We measure goodwill as the fair value of the consideration
         transferred less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets       ACQUISITION OF MLSE
         acquired and liabilities assumed, which are generally measured at           Effective July 1, 2025, after receiving all required regulatory and
         fair value as of the acquisition date. When the excess is negative, a       league approvals, we acquired a holding company that indirectly
         gain on acquisition is recognized immediately in net income.                held Bell’s effective 37.5% ownership stake in Maple Leaf Sports &
                                                                                     Entertainment Ltd. (MLSE) for a purchase price of $4.7 billion in
         We expense the transaction costs associated with acquisitions as            cash (MLSE Transaction). The purchase price was primarily funded
         we incur them.                                                              from bank credit facilities together with cash on hand (see note 25).
                                                                                     With the closing of the MLSE Transaction, we are the controlling
         ESTIMATES                                                                   shareholder of MLSE, with a 75% ownership interest. Immediately
         We use estimates in determining the value of assets acquired and            before acquiring control of an entity, IFRS requires a pre-existing
         liabilities assumed in business combinations, most significantly            non-controlling equity interest be remeasured at fair value, with any




107   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
resulting gain or loss recognized in net income. In 2025, we           Sportsnet. MLSE’s financial results are included in our Media
recognized a $5 billion non-cash gain (reflecting the investment’s     reportable segment effective July 1, 2025.
fair value) associated with our existing 37.5% interest in MLSE (see
                                                                       Total consideration in the business combination reflects $4.7 billion
note 13). The holder (MLSE minority holder) of the 25%
                                                                       in cash paid to Bell plus the closing-date fair value of our existing
non-controlling interest in MLSE (MLSE non-controlling interest)
                                                                       investment in MLSE of $5 billion.
has a right to require we purchase its interest beginning in July
2026 at an agreement-defined fair value (MLSE put liability); we       The major classes of assets acquired, along with the allocation of
have a reciprocal right to acquire the MLSE non-controlling interest   fair value to each, consist of property, plant and equipment
under the same terms.                                                  ($1 billion) and intangible assets ($12 billion, primarily franchise
                                                                       rights and associated trademarks). We have recognized goodwill of
MLSE owns the Toronto Maple Leafs (NHL), Toronto Raptors (NBA),
                                                                       $4 billion associated with the acquisition in our Media reportable
Toronto FC (MLS), the Toronto Argonauts (CFL), various minor
                                                                       segment, which arises principally from the recognition of deferred
league teams, and associated real estate holdings, such as
                                                                       tax liabilities on the indefinite-life intangible assets recognized (see
Scotiabank Arena. MLSE also holds interests in certain entities that
                                                                       below), the assembled player and non-player workforce, and
are complementary to its sports and events businesses (see note
                                                                       synergies expected to be generated by the acquisition. Goodwill is
20). The MLSE Transaction added significantly to our other sports
                                                                       not deductible for tax purposes.
assets, including the Toronto Blue Jays, Rogers Centre, and

Purchase price allocation
The following table summarizes the total purchase consideration and the fair value assigned to each major class of assets and liabilities as
at July 1, 2025. Updates from the preliminary purchase price allocation primarily reflect revised fair values for franchise rights and
trademark intangible assets ($180 million increase), investments ($47 million increase), the MLSE put liability ($26 million decrease), and
the related deferred tax liability impacts ($65 million increase), reflecting a net $220 million decrease to goodwill.

(In millions of dollars)                                                                                                                 Total
Cash consideration                                                                                                                      4,700
Fair value of Rogers’ existing investment in MLSE                                                                                       4,976
Total purchase consideration                                                                                                            9,676
Net identifiable asset or liability:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            201
     Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $8 million)                                                           122
     Other current assets                                                                                                                  91
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                        995
     Intangible assets                                                                                                                 11,578
     Investments (note 20)                                                                                                                602
     Other long-term assets                                                                                                               183
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                            (601)
     MLSE put liability                                                                                                                (3,316)
     Other current liabilities                                                                                                            (81)
     Contract liabilities                                                                                                                (268)
     Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                                                  (9)
     Long-term debt                                                                                                                      (298)
     Lease liabilities                                                                                                                    (95)
     Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                         (204)
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          (3,036)
Total fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                    5,864
Goodwill                                                                                                                                3,812




                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   108
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Property, plant and equipment
         The table below summarizes the allocation for property, plant and equipment acquired in connection with the MLSE Transaction on
         closing as at December 31, 2025.

                                                       Computer                                         Total Right-of- Total property,
                                           Land and equipment        Leasehold Equipment Construction owned use assets        plant and
         (In millions of dollars)          buildings and software improvements and vehicles in process assets  (note 9)    equipment

         Acquired from business
           combination                           652             20              92            70              40      874        121               995
         Depreciation since July 1, 2025          18              5               3             7               —       33          4                37
         Net carrying amount                     634            15               89            63              40      841        117               958


         Property, plant and equipment are being amortized over their remaining estimated useful lives, estimated as follows.

          Asset                                                         Basis                                         Estimated remaining useful life
          Buildings                                                     Diminishing balance                           30 to 60 years
                                                                        Straight-line                                 6 to 10 years
          Computer equipment and software                               Straight-line                                 1 to 5 years
          Leasehold improvements                                        Straight-line                                 10 to 30 years
          Equipment and vehicles                                        Diminishing balance                           1 to 15 years
                                                                        Straight-line                                 1 to 15 years
          Right-of-use assets                                           Straight-line                                 Over remaining lease term


         Intangible assets
         The table below summarizes the allocation for intangible assets acquired in connection with the MLSE Transaction on closing as at
         December 31, 2025.

                                                                                Ticket holder   Other       Total                      Total
                                                          Franchise             and sponsor intangible intangible          intangible assets
         (In millions of dollars)                             rights Trademarks relationships   assets     assets Goodwill     and goodwill

         Acquired from business combination                   9,830        1,364            363           21        11,578    3,812              15,390
         Amortization since July 1, 2025                          —            —              7            1             8        —                   8
         Net carrying amount                                 9,830         1,364            356          20         11,570    3,812              15,382

         Franchise rights and trademarks have indefinite lives and are not       liabilities”. It is a financial liability measured at fair value through
         being amortized. Ticket holder and sponsor relationships reflect        profit and loss and is categorized at Level 3 in the fair value
         existing relationships with season ticket holders and corporate         hierarchy. The fair value has been estimated using a market-based
         sponsors; they are being amortized over their estimated useful lives    approach based on the values of the underlying teams and net
         of 25 to 30 years. Other intangible assets are being amortized over     assets owned by MLSE. Changes in the assumptions related to the
         their estimated useful life of 16 years.                                team values underlying the valuation could have a material impact
                                                                                 on the fair value of the MLSE put liability.
         The valuation of the acquired intangible assets, particularly
         franchise rights, required significant estimation and judgment. The
                                                                                 Pro forma information
         fair value has been estimated using a market-based approach
                                                                                 Revenue of approximately $0.6 billion and net income of
         based on market revenue multiples and precedent team
                                                                                 approximately $50 million from MLSE are included in the
         transactions in each of the leagues, including league expansions,
                                                                                 consolidated statement of income from the date of acquisition.
         as applicable. This required significant estimation to determine the
                                                                                 Our consolidated revenue and net income for the year ended
         adjustments to available market data for local Toronto market
                                                                                 December 31, 2025 would have been approximately $22.5 billion
         factors, including population, gross domestic product, and number
                                                                                 and $6.9 billion, respectively, had the MLSE Transaction closed on
         of major sports teams. Changes in any of these estimates and
                                                                                 January 1, 2025. These pro forma amounts reflect depreciation and
         assumptions could have had a significant impact on the valuation of
                                                                                 amortization of applicable elements of the purchase price
         the acquired franchise right assets.
                                                                                 allocation, related tax adjustments, and the elimination of
                                                                                 intercompany transactions.
         MLSE put liability
         The MLSE put liability reflects our estimate of the fair value of the
         MLSE non-controlling interest and is recognized in “other current



109   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                       NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SALE OF DATA CENTRE BUSINESS                                           own network and IT purposes. Prior to being classified as “held for
In December 2025, we sold our customer-facing data centre              sale” as at September 30, 2025 (at which point depreciation on the
business to InfraRed Capital Partners for total proceeds of            assets ceased), the assets and liabilities related to the customer-
$184 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $69 million. The          facing data centre business were historically included in our Cable
transaction did not include our corporate data centres used for our    reportable segment.


NOTE 4: CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Our objectives in managing capital are to ensure we have sufficient    to lower the ratio over time. While our debt leverage ratio has
available liquidity to meet all our commitments and to execute our     increased as a result of the MLSE Transaction, we intend to manage
business plan. We define capital we manage as equity,                  our debt leverage ratio through combined operational synergies,
indebtedness (including the current portion of our long-term debt,     organic growth in adjusted EBITDA, proceeds from asset sales and
long-term debt, short-term borrowings, the current portion of our      monetizations, equity financing, and debt repayment, as
lease liabilities, and lease liabilities), net of cash and cash        applicable. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, we met our
equivalents and derivative instruments.                                objectives for these metrics.

We manage our capital structure, commitments, and maturities
                                                                                                                                         As at December 31
and make adjustments based on general economic conditions,
financial markets, operating risks, our investment priorities, and     (In millions of dollars, except ratios)                               2025       2024
working capital requirements. To maintain or adjust our capital        Adjusted net debt 1,2                                              38,856      43,330
structure, we may, with approval from the Board as necessary, issue    Divided by: trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA                       9,820       9,617
or repay debt or short-term borrowings, issue or repurchase shares,    Debt leverage ratio                                                      4.0       4.5
pay dividends, or undertake other activities as deemed appropriate
under the circumstances. The Board reviews and approves the            1 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt, we believe adjusting 50% of the
                                                                         value of our subordinated notes is appropriate as this methodology factors in certain
annual capital and operating budgets, as well as any material
                                                                         circumstances with respect to priority for payment and this approach is commonly
transactions that are not part of the ordinary course of business,       used to evaluate debt leverage by rating agencies.
including proposals for acquisitions or other major financing          2 For the purposes of calculating adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio, we have

transactions, investments, or divestitures.                              added the deferred government grant liability relating to our Canada Infrastructure
                                                                         Bank facility to reflect the inclusion of the cash drawings.
The wholly owned subsidiary through which our credit card
programs are operated is regulated by the Office of the                Trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA reflects the combined results of
Superintendent of Financial Institutions, which requires a minimum     Rogers including MLSE for the period since the MLSE Transaction
level of regulatory capital be maintained. Our subsidiary was in       closed in July 2025 to December 2025 and standalone Rogers
compliance with that requirement as at December 31, 2025 and           results prior to July 2025.
2024. The capital requirements are not material to us as at
December 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024.                                Free cash flow
                                                                       We use free cash flow to understand how much cash we generate
With the exception of our credit card programs and the subsidiary      that is available to repay debt or reinvest in our business, which is
through which they are operated, we are not subject to externally      an important indicator of our financial strength and performance.
imposed capital requirements.
                                                                       As a result of closing the network transaction (see note 28), we have
KEY METRICS AND RATIOS                                                 revised the calculation of free cash flow to deduct distributions paid
We monitor adjusted net debt, debt leverage ratio, free cash flow,     to non-controlling interests to reflect the unavailability of this cash
and available liquidity to manage our capital structure and related    flow to repay debt or reinvest in our company.
risks. These are not standardized financial measures under IFRS and
                                                                                                                                 Years ended December 31
might not be comparable to similar capital management measures
disclosed by other companies. A summary of our key metrics and         (In millions of dollars)                          Note           2025            2024
ratios follows, along with a reconciliation between each of these      Adjusted EBITDA                                       5         9,820           9,617
measures and the items presented in the consolidated financial         Deduct:
statements.                                                                Capital expenditures 1                        8, 33         3,707           4,041
                                                                           Interest on borrowings, net and
Adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio                                     capitalized interest                         12          1,924           1,986
                                                                           Cash income taxes 2                                           700             545
We monitor adjusted net debt and debt leverage ratio as part of
                                                                           Distributions paid by subsidiaries to
the management of liquidity to sustain future development of our
                                                                              non-controlling interests                    28             133               —
business, conduct valuation-related analyses, and make decisions
about capital. In so doing, we typically aim to have an adjusted net   Free cash flow                                                  3,356           3,045
debt and debt leverage ratio that allow us to maintain investment-     1 Includes additions to property, plant and equipment net of proceeds on disposition
grade credit ratings, which allows us the associated access to           and accrued government grants, but does not include expenditures for spectrum
capital markets. Our debt leverage ratio can increase due to             licences or additions to right-of-use assets, or assets acquired through business
                                                                         combinations.
strategic, long-term investments (for example, to obtain new           2 Cash income taxes are net of refunds received.
spectrum licences or to consummate an acquisition) and we work



                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                 |   110
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                        Years ended December 31           Available liquidity
                                                                                                          Available liquidity fluctuates based on business circumstances. We
         (In millions of dollars)                               Note           2025            2024
                                                                                                          continually manage (including through monitoring our access to
         Cash provided by operating activities                                 6,059           5,680      capital markets), and aim to have sufficient, available liquidity at all
         Add (deduct):                                                                                    times to help protect our ability to meet all our commitments
             Capital expenditures                               8, 33         (3,707)         (4,041)
                                                                                                          (operationally and for maturing debt obligations), to execute our
             Interest on borrowings, net and
                                                                                                          business plan (including to acquire spectrum licences or
                capitalized interest                               12         (1,924)         (1,986)
             Interest paid, net                                                2,070           2,087
                                                                                                          consummate acquisitions), to mitigate the risk of economic
             Restructuring, acquisition and other                  11            439             406      downturns, and for other unforeseen circumstances. As at
             Program rights amortization                           10            (86)            (63)     December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had sufficient liquidity available
             Change in net operating assets and                                                           to us to meet this objective.
                liabilities                                        33            592             876
             Distributions paid by subsidiaries to
                                                                                                          Below is a summary of our total available liquidity from our cash and
                non-controlling interests                          28           (133)               —     cash equivalents, bank credit facilities, letters of credit facilities, and
             Post-employment benefit contributions,                                                       short-term borrowings, including our receivables securitization
                net of expense                                     27             (75)           (82)     program and our US dollar-denominated commercial paper (US
             Cash flows relating to other operating                                                       CP) program.
                activities                                                       128             166
             Other investment losses (income)                      13             (7)              2      Our Canada Infrastructure Bank credit agreement (see note 25) is
                                                                                                          not included in available liquidity as it can only be drawn upon for
         Free cash flow                                                        3,356           3,045
                                                                                                          use in broadband projects under the Universal Broadband Fund,
                                                                                                          and therefore is not available for other general purposes. This year,
                                                                                                          we borrowed $71 million (2024 — $64 million) under this facility.

         As at December 31, 2025
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                             Note      Total sources         Drawn         Letters of credit      Net available

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                1,344                —                     —              1,344
         Bank credit facilities 1:
             Revolving                                                                                            25              4,260          115                        10              4,135
             Non-revolving                                                                                        22              2,300        2,300                         —                  —
             Outstanding letters of credit                                                                        25                 45            —                        45                  —
         Receivables securitization 1                                                                             22              2,400        2,000                         —                400
         Total                                                                                                                   10,349        4,415                        55              5,879
         1   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
             of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements.


         As at December 31, 2024
         (In millions of dollars)                                                  Note       Total sources        Drawn        Letters of credit          US CP program 1         Net available

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        898             —                        —                         —                 898
         Bank credit facilities 2:
             Revolving                                                                   25             4,000           —                        10                       455                3,535
             Non-revolving                                                               22               500         500                         —                         —                    —
             Outstanding letters of credit                                               25                 3           —                         3                         —                    —
         Receivables securitization 2                                                    22             2,400       2,000                         —                         —                  400
         Total                                                                                          7,801       2,500                        13                       455                4,833
         1   The US CP program amounts are gross of the discount on issuance.
         2   The total liquidity sources under our bank credit facilities and receivables securitization represents the total credit limits per the relevant agreements. The amount drawn and letters
             of credit are currently outstanding under those agreements. The US CP program amount represents our then outstanding US CP borrowings that were backstopped by our
             revolving credit facility.



         NOTE 5: SEGMENTED INFORMATION
         ACCOUNTING POLICY
         Reportable segments
         We determine our reportable segments based on, among other                                       operations and performance. They review adjusted EBITDA as the
         things, how our chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive                              key measure of profit for the purpose of assessing performance of
         Officer and Chief Financial Officer of RCI, regularly review our                                 each segment and to make decisions about the allocation of




111   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
resources, as they believe adjusted EBITDA reflects segment and       expenses, for which operating results are regularly reviewed by our
consolidated profitability. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as income      chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources
before depreciation and amortization; (gain) loss on disposition of   to be allocated and assess component performance, and for which
property, plant and equipment; restructuring, acquisition and         discrete financial information is available.
other; finance costs; other expense (income); and income tax
expense.                                                              REPORTABLE SEGMENTS
We follow the same accounting policies for our segments as those      Our reportable segments are Wireless, Cable, and Media (see note
described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.      1). All three segments operate substantially in Canada. Corporate
We account for transactions between reportable segments in the        items and eliminations include our interests in businesses that are
same way we account for transactions with external parties, but       not reportable operating segments, corporate administrative
eliminate them on consolidation.                                      functions, and eliminations of inter-segment revenue and costs.
                                                                      Effective July 2025, TSC was transferred from the Media segment to
                                                                      Corporate Items, consistent with changes to its management
JUDGMENTS
                                                                      structure. Comparative results have been recast to reflect this
We make significant judgments in determining our operating
                                                                      change, with no impact on consolidated results. Segment results
segments and in determining the appropriate allocation of shared
                                                                      include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that
costs between our segments. These are components that engage
                                                                      have been allocated on a reasonable basis.
in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur

INFORMATION BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                                Corporate
Year ended December 31, 2025                                                                                     items and    Consolidated
(In millions of dollars)                                               Note      Wireless   Cable    Media    eliminations           totals
Revenue from external customers                                                   10,603     7,800   2,997             312          21,712
Revenue from internal customers                                                      112        68     291            (471)              —
Total revenue                                                               6     10,715     7,868   3,288            (159)         21,712
Operating costs                                                             7      5,351     3,283   3,047             211          11,892
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                    5,364     4,585     241            (370)          9,820

Depreciation and amortization                                         8, 9, 10                                                       4,802
Restructuring, acquisition and other                                        11                                                         439
Finance costs                                                               12                                                       2,043
Gain on disposition of data centres                                          3                                                         (69)
Other income                                                                13                                                      (5,021)
Income before income tax expense                                                                                                     7,626
Capital expenditures                                                        8      1,471     1,803     206            227            3,707
Goodwill                                                                   10      1,634    13,617   4,781              —           20,032


                                                                                                                Corporate
Year ended December 31, 2024                                                                                     items and    Consolidated
(In millions of dollars)                                               Note      Wireless   Cable    Media    eliminations           totals
Revenue from external customers                                                   10,528     7,801   1,973             302          20,604
Revenue from internal customers                                                       67        75     269            (411)              —
Total revenue                                                               6     10,595     7,876   2,242            (109)         20,604
Operating costs                                                             7      5,283     3,358   2,154             192          10,987
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                    5,312     4,518      88            (301)           9,617

Depreciation and amortization                                         8, 9, 10                                                        4,616
Restructuring, acquisition and other                                        11                                                          406
Finance costs                                                               12                                                        2,295
Other income                                                                13                                                           (6)
Income before income tax expense                                                                                                      2,306

Capital expenditures                                                        8      1,596     1,939     259            247            4,041
Goodwill                                                                   10      1,634    13,677     969              —           16,280




                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   112
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 6: REVENUE
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                       distinct good or service. We also determine whether a customer
         Contracts with customers                                                can modify their contract within predefined terms such that we are
         We record revenue from contracts with customers in accordance           not able to enforce the transaction price agreed to, but can only
         with the five steps in IFRS 15, Revenue from contracts with             contractually enforce a lower amount. In situations such as these,
         customers, as follows:                                                  we allocate revenue between performance obligations using the
              1. identify the contract with a customer;                          minimum enforceable rights and obligations and any excess
              2. identify the performance obligations in the contract;           amount is recognized as revenue as it is earned.
              3. determine the transaction price, which is the total             Revenue for each performance obligation is recognized either over
                  consideration provided by the customer;                        time (e.g. services) or at a point in time (e.g. equipment). For
              4. allocate the transaction price among the performance            performance obligations satisfied over time, revenue is recognized
                  obligations in the contract based on their relative fair       as the services are provided. These services are typically provided,
                  values; and                                                    and thus revenue is typically recognized, on a monthly basis.
              5. recognize revenue when the relevant criteria are met for        Revenue for performance obligations satisfied at a point in time is
                  each performance obligation.                                   recognized when control of the item (or service) transfers to the
         Many of our products and services are sold in bundled                   customer. Typically, this is when the customer activates the goods
         arrangements (e.g. wireless devices and voice and data services).       (e.g. in the case of a wireless device) or has physical possession of
         Items in these arrangements are accounted for as separate               the goods (e.g. other equipment).
         performance obligations if the item meets the definition of a
         The table below summarizes the nature of the various performance obligations in our contracts with customers and when we recognize
         performance on those obligations.

           Performance obligations from contracts with customers                  Timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation
           Wireless airtime, data, and other services; television, telephony,     As the service is provided (usually monthly)
           Internet, and home monitoring services; network services; media
           subscriptions; and rental of equipment
           Roaming, long-distance, and other optional or non-subscription         As the service is provided
           services, and pay-per-use services
           Wireless devices and related equipment                                 Upon activation or purchase by the end customer
           Installation services for Cable subscribers                            When the services are performed
           Advertising and sponsorship                                            When the advertising or other material airs on our radio or
                                                                                  television stations or is displayed on our properties
           Sale of content to television stations for subscriptions from cable    When the services are delivered to cable and satellite providers’
           and satellite providers                                                subscribers (usually monthly)
           Sports team home game admission and food and beverage                  When the related games are played during the applicable sports
                                                                                  season and when goods are sold
           Revenue from sports leagues, including broadcast rights, revenue       In the applicable period, when the amount is determinable
           sharing agreements, and other distributions where the league acts
           as an agent of ours
           Today’s Shopping Choice and sports team merchandise                    When the goods are transferred to the end customer
           Radio and television broadcast agreements                              When the related programs are aired
           Sublicensing of program rights                                         Over the course of the applicable licence period

         We also recognize interest revenue on contracts containing              equipment is typically due either upon receipt of the equipment or
         significant financing components and on credit card receivables         over the subsequent 24 months (when equipment is financed
         using the effective interest method in accordance with IFRS 9,          through our equipment financing plans). Holders of the Rogers
         Financial Instruments. We recognize revenue from distributions          Mastercard have the option to finance devices through Rogers
         from league entities which distribute funds between member clubs        Bank over 36-month or 48-month terms. Payment terms for typical
         in the applicable period when the amount is determinable.               Media performance obligations range from prepaid in advance to
                                                                                 immediate (e.g. sporting game tickets) to 30 days (e.g. advertising
         Payment for Wireless and Cable monthly service fees is typically
                                                                                 contracts).
         due 30 days after billing. Payment for Wireless and Cable




113   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Contract assets and liabilities                                           • determining the appropriate amortization period of deferred
We record a contract asset when we have provided goods and                  commission cost assets, taking into account the expected
services to our customer but our right to related consideration for         pattern of benefits we will receive from the payment of
the performance obligation is conditional on satisfying other               commissions.
performance obligations. Contract assets primarily relate to our
rights to consideration for the transfer of wireless devices. Our long-   Determining the transaction price
term contract assets are recognized in “other long-term assets” on        The transaction price is the amount of consideration that is
our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.                        enforceable and to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for
                                                                          the goods and services we have promised to our customer. We
We record a contract liability when we receive payment from a             determine the transaction price by considering the terms of the
customer in advance of providing goods and services. This includes        contract and business practices that are customary within that
subscriber deposits, deposits related to sporting game ticket sales,      particular line of business. Discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, price
and amounts subscribers pay for services and subscriptions that will      concessions, incentives, penalties, and other similar items are
be provided in future periods. Our long-term contract liabilities are     reflected in the transaction price at contract inception.
recognized in “other long-term liabilities” on our Consolidated
Statements of Financial Position.                                         Determining the stand-alone selling price and the allocation of the
A portion of our contract liabilities relates to discounts provided to    transaction price
customers on our device financing contracts. Due to the allocation        The transaction price is allocated to performance obligations based
of the transaction price to the performance obligations, the              on the relative stand-alone selling prices of the distinct goods or
financing receivable we recognize is greater than the related             services in the contract. The best evidence of a stand-alone selling
equipment revenue. As a result, we recognize a contract liability         price is the observable price of a good or service when the entity
                                                                          sells that good or service separately in similar circumstances and to
simultaneously with the financing receivable and equipment
                                                                          similar customers. If a stand-alone selling price is not directly
revenue and subsequently reduce the contract liability on a
                                                                          observable, we estimate the stand-alone selling price taking into
monthly basis.
                                                                          account reasonably available information relating to the market
We account for contract assets and liabilities on a                       conditions, entity-specific factors, and the class of customer.
contract-by-contract basis, with each contract presented as either a
net contract asset or a net contract liability accordingly.               In determining the stand-alone selling price, we allocate revenue
                                                                          between performance obligations based on expected minimum
Deferred commission cost assets                                           enforceable amounts to which we are entitled. Any amounts above
We defer, to the extent recoverable, the incremental costs we incur       the minimum enforceable amounts are recognized as revenue as
to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer and amortize them         they are earned.
over their expected period of benefit. These costs include certain
commissions paid to internal and external representatives that we         JUDGMENTS
believe to be recoverable through the revenue earned from the             We make significant judgments in determining whether a promise
related contracts. We therefore defer them as deferred commission         to deliver goods or services is considered distinct and in
cost assets in “other assets” and amortize them to “operating costs”      determining whether our residual value arrangements constitute
over the pattern of the transfer of goods and services to the             revenue-generating arrangements or leases.
customer, which ranges from 12 to 90 months. Effective January 1,
2024, as a result of an increase in the customer lifecycle, we            Distinct goods and services
updated our amortization period for consumer Wireless and Cable           We make judgments in determining whether a promise to deliver
commissions from 24 months to 32 months to better reflect the             goods or services is considered distinct. We account for individual
estimated economic lives of these relationships, which lowered            products and services separately if they are distinct (i.e. if a product
amortization by approximately $115 million for the year ended             or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled
December 31, 2024. Effective July 1, 2025, as a result of a further       package and if the customer can benefit from it). The consideration
increase in customer lifecycle, we updated our amortization period        is allocated between separate products and services in a bundle
for consumer Wireless commissions from 32 months to 35 months,            based on their stand-alone selling prices. For distinct items we do
                                                                          not sell separately, we estimate stand-alone selling prices using the
which lowered amortization by approximately $30 million for the
                                                                          adjusted market assessment approach.
year ended December 31, 2025.

                                                                          Residual value arrangements
ESTIMATES
                                                                          Under certain customer offers, we allow customers to defer a
We use estimates in:
                                                                          component of the device cost until contract termination. We use
• determining the transaction price of our contracts, which               judgment in determining whether these arrangements constitute
  requires estimating the amount of revenue we expect to be               revenue-generating arrangements or leases. In making this
  entitled to for delivering the performance obligations within a         determination, we use judgment to assess the extent of control
  contract;                                                               over the devices that passes to our customer, including whether the
• determining the stand-alone selling price of performance                customer has a significant economic incentive at contract inception
  obligations and the allocation of the transaction price between         to return the device at contract termination and to estimate the
  performance obligations; and                                            extent of device returns.




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   114
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         CONTRACT ASSETS                                                      DEFERRED COMMISSION COST ASSETS
         Below is a summary of our contract assets from contracts with        Below is a summary of the changes in the deferred commission
         customers, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, and the        cost assets recognized from the incremental costs incurred to
         significant changes in those balances during the years ended         obtain contracts with customers during the years ended
         December 31, 2025 and 2024.                                          December 31, 2025 and 2024. The deferred commission cost
                                                                              assets are presented within “other current assets” (when they will be
                                                   Years ended December 31    amortized into operating costs within one year of the date of the
                                                                              financial statements) or “other long-term assets”.
         (In millions of dollars)          Note          2025        2024
         Balance, beginning of year                       268          276                                             Years ended December 31
         Additions from new contracts
                                                                              (In millions of dollars)                         2025          2024
           with customers, net of
           terminations and renewals                      190          173    Balance, beginning of year                        753           488
         Amortization of contract assets                                      Additions to deferred commission cost
           to accounts receivable                         (205)       (181)     assets                                          711           640
                                                                              Amortization recognized on deferred
         Balance, end of year                             253          268
                                                                                commission cost assets                          (514)         (375)
         Current                                          151          171
                                                                              Balance, end of year                              950           753
         Long-term                                        102           97
                                                                              Current                                           500           417
         Balance, end of year                             253          268
                                                                              Long-term                                         450           336
                                                                              Balance, end of year                              950           753
         CONTRACT LIABILITIES
         Below is a summary of our contract liabilities from contracts with
         customers and the significant changes in those balances during the   UNSATISFIED PORTIONS OF PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS
         years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.                              The table below shows the revenue we expect to recognize in the
                                                                              future related to unsatisfied or partially satisfied performance
                                                   Years ended December 31    obligations as at December 31, 2025. The unsatisfied portion of the
                                                                              transaction price of the performance obligations relates primarily to
         (In millions of dollars)          Note          2025        2024
                                                                              monthly services; we expect to recognize it substantially over the
         Balance, beginning of year                      1,082       1,044    next three to five years.
         Contract liabilities assumed          3           268           —
         Revenue deferred in previous                                         (In millions of dollars)   2026    2027 2028 Thereafter Total
           year and recognized as
           revenue in current year                      (1,096)       (771)   Telecommunications
         Net additions from contracts                                           service                  2,786   1,000    76       241       4,103
           with customers                                1,133         809    Media services                52      52    52       219         375

         Balance, end of year                            1,387       1,082
                                                                              We have elected to utilize the following practical expedients and
         Current                                         1,114         800    not disclose:
         Long-term                                         273         282    • the unsatisfied portions of performance obligations related to
         Balance, end of year                            1,387       1,082      contracts with a duration of one year or less; or
                                                                              • the unsatisfied portions of performance obligations where the
                                                                                revenue we recognize corresponds with the amount invoiced to
                                                                                the customer.




115   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DISAGGREGATION OF REVENUE

                                          Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                        2025        2024
Wireless
    Service revenue                             8,030       8,041
    Equipment revenue                           2,573       2,487
     Revenue from external customers           10,603      10,528
     Service revenue from internal
       customers                                 112           67
Total Wireless                                 10,715      10,595
Cable
    Service revenue                             7,765       7,750
    Equipment revenue                              35          51
     Revenue from external customers            7,800       7,801
     Service revenue from internal
       customers                                   68          75
Total Cable                                     7,868       7,876
Media
   Revenue from external customers              2,997       1,973
   Revenue from internal customers                291         269
Total Media                                     3,288       2,242
Corporate items
    Revenue from external customers              312          302
    Revenue from internal customers               42           23
Total Corporate items                            354          325
Intercompany eliminations                        (513)       (434)
Total revenue                                  21,712      20,604
Total service revenue                          19,104      18,066
Total equipment revenue                         2,608       2,538
Total revenue                                  21,712      20,604


Total revenue includes $241 million (2024 — $159 million) of other
revenue recognized under IFRS 16 or IFRS 9, the majority of which
reflects interest revenue earned on credit card receivables by
Rogers Bank.


NOTE 7: OPERATING COSTS
                                          Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)           Note         2025        2024
Cost of equipment sales              17         2,496       2,540
Merchandise for resale               17           241         209
Goods and services purchased                    6,564       5,930
Employee salaries, benefits, and
  stock-based compensation                      2,591       2,308
Total operating costs                          11,892      10,987




                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   116
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 8: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                          We expense research expenditures, maintenance costs, and
         The following accounting policy applies to property, plant and             training costs as incurred.
         equipment excluding right-of-use assets. Our accounting policy for         We recognize government financial assistance related to property,
         right-of-use assets is included in note 9.                                 plant and equipment as a reduction of the cost or carrying amount
                                                                                    of the asset when there is reasonable assurance we will comply with
         Recognition and measurement, including depreciation                        the conditions of the assistance and the assistance will be received.
         We measure property, plant and equipment upon initial
         recognition at cost and begin recognizing depreciation when the            Impairment testing, including recognition and measurement of an
         asset is ready for its intended use. Subsequently, property, plant         impairment charge
         and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation             See “Impairment Testing” in note 10 for our policies relating to
         and accumulated impairment losses.                                         impairment testing and the related recognition and measurement
         Cost includes expenditures (capital expenditures) that are directly        of impairment charges. The impairment policies for property, plant
         attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-            and equipment are similar to the impairment policies for intangible
         constructed assets includes:                                               assets with finite useful lives.
         • costs directly associated with bringing the assets to a working
            condition for their intended use, including the cost of materials       ESTIMATES
            and labour;                                                             Components of an item of property, plant and equipment may
         • expected costs of decommissioning the items and restoring the            have different useful lives. We make significant estimates when
            sites on which they are located (see note 24); and                      determining depreciation rates and asset useful lives, which require
         • borrowing costs on qualifying assets.                                    taking into account company-specific factors, such as our past
                                                                                    experience and expected use, and industry trends, such as
         We depreciate property, plant and equipment over its estimated
                                                                                    technological advancements. We monitor and review residual
         useful life by charging depreciation expense to net income as
                                                                                    values, depreciation rates, and asset useful lives at least once a year
         follows:
                                                                                    and change them if they are different from our previous estimates.
                                                               Estimated            We recognize the effect of changes in estimates in net income
          Asset                          Basis                 useful life          prospectively.
          Buildings                      Diminishing balance   15 to 60 years       We use estimates to determine certain costs that are directly
          Cable and wireless network     Straight-line         3 to 40 years        attributable to self-constructed assets. These estimates primarily
          Computer equipment and         Straight-line         4 to 10 years        include certain internal and external direct labour, overhead, and
            software                                                                interest costs associated with the acquisition, construction,
          Customer premise equipment     Straight-line         3 to 6 years         development, or betterment of our networks.
          Leasehold improvements         Straight-line         Over shorter of
                                                               estimated useful     Furthermore, we use estimates as described in note 10 in
                                                               life or lease term   determining the recoverable amount of property, plant and
          Equipment and vehicles         Diminishing balance   3 to 20 years        equipment.

         We calculate gains and losses on the disposal of property, plant           JUDGMENTS
         and equipment by comparing the proceeds from the disposal with             We make significant judgments in choosing methods for
         the item’s carrying amount and recognize the gain or loss in net           depreciating our property, plant and equipment that we believe
         income.                                                                    most accurately represent the consumption of benefits derived
                                                                                    from those assets and are most representative of the economic
         We capitalize development expenditures if they meet the criteria
                                                                                    substance of the intended use of the underlying assets.
         for recognition as an asset and amortize them over their expected
         useful lives once the assets to which they relate are available for use.




117   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DETAILS OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The tables below summarize our property, plant and equipment as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                                                          Total
                                          Land Cable and Computer Customer                                            Total Right-of- property,
                                            and wireless equipment      premise    Leasehold Equipment Construction owned use assets plant and
(In millions of dollars)              buildings networks and software equipment improvements and vehicles in process assets (note 9) equipment

Cost
       As at January 1, 2025            2,005     32,150      7,914     3,205           843       1,527        2,734 50,378      4,047     54,425
       Additions and transfers from
         construction in process           45      2,916      1,256       365            21         139         (879) 3,863        882      4,745
       Acquisitions from business
         combinations (note 3)            652          –         20          –           92          70           40     874       121         995
       Disposals and other                (18)      (870)      (576)         6          (71)        (67)         (98) (1,694)     (253)     (1,947)

       As at December 31, 2025          2,684     34,196      8,614     3,576          885       1,669        1,797 53,421       4,797     58,218

Accumulated depreciation
    As at January 1, 2025                 714     17,342      5,988     2,417          496        1,044            – 28,001      1,352     29,353
    Depreciation                          118      2,146        908       477           51           90            – 3,790         455      4,245
    Disposals and other                    (1)      (821)      (564)      (67)         (68)         (57)           – (1,578)      (109)    (1,687)

       As at December 31, 2025            831     18,667      6,332     2,827          479       1,077             – 30,213      1,698     31,911

Net carrying amount
    As at January 1, 2025               1,291     14,808      1,926       788          347         483        2,734 22,377       2,695     25,072
    As at December 31, 2025             1,853     15,529      2,282       749          406         592        1,797 23,208       3,099     26,307


                                                                                                                                      Total
                                      Land Cable and Computer Customer                                            Total Right-of- property,
                                        and  wireless equipment     premise    Leasehold Equipment Construction owned use assets plant and
(In millions of dollars)          buildings networks and software equipment improvements and vehicles in process assets (note 9) equipment

Cost
       As at January 1, 2024          1,447      30,499      7,931     3,003           817       1,451        2,264 47,412       3,744     51,156
       Additions and transfers
         from construction in
         process                        296       2,466        425       285            37         121          470 4,100          649       4,749
       Disposals and other              262        (815)      (442)      (83)          (11)        (45)           – (1,134)       (346)     (1,480)

       As at December 31, 2024        2,005      32,150      7,914     3,205           843       1,527        2,734 50,378       4,047     54,425

Accumulated depreciation
    As at January 1, 2024               474      16,040      5,590     2,073           447       1,017             – 25,641      1,183     26,824
    Depreciation                        106       2,068        866       492            63          70             – 3,665         408      4,073
    Disposals and other                 134        (766)      (468)     (148)          (14)        (43)            – (1,305)      (239)    (1,544)

       As at December 31, 2024          714      17,342      5,988     2,417           496       1,044             – 28,001      1,352     29,353

Net carrying amount
    As at January 1, 2024               973      14,459      2,341       930           370         434        2,264 21,771       2,561     24,332
    As at December 31, 2024           1,291      14,808      1,926       788           347         483        2,734 22,377       2,695     25,072


During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recognized                     adjustment to cost and accumulated depreciation of $1,230 million
$73 million (2024 – $134 million) in network capital expenditure-          (2024 – $1,281 million). The disposals had nil impact on the
related government grants and received $55 million                         Consolidated Statements of Income.
(2024 – $59 million) in cash.
                                                                           Except for certain permitted liens (such as statutory rights of way,
During 2025, we recognized capitalized interest on property, plant         builder’s liens, or tax liens), BNSI cannot grant or permit to exist any
and equipment at a weighted average rate of approximately 4.8%             liens over its assets without the unanimous approval of its board
(2024 – 4.2%).                                                             and shareholders.

Annually, we perform an analysis to identify fully depreciated assets
that have been retired from active use. In 2025, this resulted in an



                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   118
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 9: LEASES
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                           The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future
         At inception of a contract, we assess whether that contract is, or          lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is
         contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract      a change in our estimate of the amount expected to be payable
         conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a           under a residual value guarantee, or if we change our assessment
         period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a           of whether or not we will exercise a purchase, extension, or
         contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset,       termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this
         we assess whether:                                                          way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
         • the contract involves the use of an identified asset;                     of the right-of-use asset. The lease liability is also remeasured when
         • we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic             the underlying lease contract is amended.
           benefits from use of the identified asset throughout the period           We have elected not to separate fixed non-lease components and
           of use; and                                                               account for the lease and any fixed non-lease components as a
         • we have the right to direct the use of the asset.                         single lease component.

         LESSEE ACCOUNTING                                                           Variable lease payments
         We record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease           Certain leases contain provisions that result in differing lease
         commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at          payments over the term as a result of market rate reviews or
         cost, consisting of:                                                        changes in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) or other similar indices.
         • the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease          We reassess the lease liabilities related to these leases when the
           payments made at or before the commencement date; plus                    index or other data is available to calculate the change in lease
         • any initial direct costs incurred; and                                    payments.
         • an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying
           asset or restore the site on which it is located; less                    Certain leases require us to make payments that relate to property
         • any lease incentives received.                                            taxes, insurance, and other non-rental costs. These non-rental costs
                                                                                     are typically variable and are not included in the calculation of the
         The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over         right-of-use asset or lease liability.
         the lease term, unless we expect to obtain ownership of the leased
         asset at the end of the lease. The lease term consists of:
                                                                                     LESSOR ACCOUNTING
         • the non-cancellable period of the lease;
                                                                                     When we act as a lessor, we determine at lease inception whether
         • periods covered by options to extend the lease, where we are
                                                                                     each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
           reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
         • periods covered by options to terminate the lease, where we are           In order to classify each lease as either finance or operating, we
           reasonably certain not to exercise the option.                            make an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers to the
                                                                                     lessee substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to
         If we expect to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of
                                                                                     ownership of the underlying asset. If it does, the lease is a finance
         the lease, we depreciate the right-of-use asset over the underlying
                                                                                     lease; if not, it is an operating lease.
         asset’s estimated useful life. In addition, the right-of-use asset is
         periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for         We act as the lessor on certain collocation leases, whereby, due to
         certain remeasurements of the lease liability.                              certain regulatory requirements, we must allow other
                                                                                     telecommunication companies to lease space on our wireless
         The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease
                                                                                     network towers. We do not believe we transfer substantially all of
         payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
                                                                                     the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying
         discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                                                                                     leased asset to the lessee and therefore classify these leases as
         cannot be readily determined, our incremental borrowing rate. We
                                                                                     operating leases.
         generally use our incremental borrowing rate as the interest rate
         implicit in our leases cannot be readily determined. The lease              If an arrangement contains both lease and non-lease components,
         liability is subsequently measured at amortized cost using the              we apply IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration in the contract
         effective interest rate method.                                             between the lease and the non-lease components.
         Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability           We recognize lease payments received under operating leases into
         include:                                                                    revenue on a straight-line basis.
         • fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
         • variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate;                  ESTIMATES
         • amounts expected to be payable under a residual value                     We estimate the lease term by considering the facts and
            guarantee; and                                                           circumstances that can create an economic incentive to exercise an
         • the exercise price under a purchase option that we are                    extension option, or not exercise a termination option. We make
            reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional            certain qualitative and quantitative assumptions when deriving the
            renewal period if we are reasonably certain to exercise an               value of the economic incentive.
            extension option, and penalties for early termination of a lease
            unless we are reasonably certain not to terminate early.




119   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
JUDGMENTS                                                                 commencement, we assess whether we are reasonably certain to
Lessee                                                                    exercise any of the extension options based on our expected
We make judgments in determining whether a contract is or                 economic return from the lease. We are typically reasonably certain
contains a lease, which involves assessing whether a contract             of exercising extension options on our network leases, primarily
contains an identified asset (either a physically distinct asset or a     due to the significant cost that would be required to relocate our
capacity portion that represents substantially all of the capacity of     network towers and related equipment. We reassess whether we
the asset). Additionally, the contract should provide us with the         are reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant
right to substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of       event or significant change in circumstance within our control and
the asset.                                                                account for any changes at the date of the reassessment.

We also make judgments in determining whether we have the right
                                                                          Lessor
to control the use of the identified asset. We have that right when
                                                                          We make judgments in determining whether a lease should be
we have the decision-making rights that are most relevant to
                                                                          classified as an operating lease or a finance lease based on if the
changing how and for what purpose the asset is used. In rare cases
                                                                          agreement transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
where the decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is
                                                                          to ownership of the underlying asset.
used are predetermined, we have the right to direct the use of the
asset if we have the right to operate the asset or if we designed the
asset in a way that predetermines how and for what purpose the            DETAILS OF LEASES
asset will be used.                                                       We primarily lease:
                                                                          • land and buildings relating to our wireless and cable networks,
We make judgments in determining the incremental borrowing                  our retail store presence, and certain of our offices and other
rate used to measure our lease liability for each lease contract,           corporate buildings;
including an estimate of the asset-specific security impact. The          • wireless and cable network collocations on or in structures
incremental borrowing rate should reflect the interest that we              owned by other entities and certain wireless network equipment;
would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain a similar       • customer premise equipment; and
asset at a similar term, with a similar security, in a similar economic   • the majority of our vehicle fleet.
environment.
                                                                          The non-cancellable contract periods for our leases typically range
Certain of our leases contain extension or renewal options that are       from three to twenty years.
exercisable only by us and not by the lessor. At lease

RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
The tables below summarize our right-of-use assets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                 Land     Cable and      Customer       Equipment           Total
                                                                                   and      wireless      premise              and       right-of
(In millions of dollars)                                                     buildings     networks     equipment          vehicles    use assets
Cost
       As at January 1, 2025                                                     2,142           956             810           139         4,047
       Additions                                                                   329           194             285            74           882
       Acquisitions from business combinations (note 3)                            120             –               –             1           121
       Disposals and other                                                         (47)            –            (171)          (35)         (253)
       As at December 31, 2025                                                   2,544         1,150            924            179         4,797

Accumulated depreciation
    As at January 1, 2025                                                          788           330            161              73        1,352
    Depreciation                                                                   185           103            137              30          455
    Disposals and other                                                             (6)            1            (87)            (17)        (109)
       As at December 31, 2025                                                     967           434            211             86         1,698

Net carrying amount
    As at January 1, 2025                                                        1,354           626            649             66         2,695
    As at December 31, 2025                                                      1,577           716            713             93         3,099




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   120
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                                          Land     Cable and      Customer      Equipment          Total
                                                                                            and      wireless      premise             and      right-of
         (In millions of dollars)                                                     buildings     networks     equipment         vehicles   use assets
         Cost
                As at January 1, 2024                                                     2,082           900            655           107        3,744
                Additions                                                                   187           118            301            43          649
                Disposals and other                                                        (127)          (62)          (146)          (11)        (346)
                As at December 31, 2024                                                   2,142           956           810            139        4,047
         Accumulated depreciation
             As at January 1, 2024                                                          727           284           118             54        1,183
             Depreciation                                                                   157           108           119             24          408
             Disposals and other                                                            (96)          (62)          (76)            (5)        (239)
                As at December 31, 2024                                                     788           330           161             73        1,352
         Net carrying amount
             As at January 1, 2024                                                        1,355           616           537             53        2,561
             As at December 31, 2024                                                      1,354           626           649             66        2,695


         LEASE LIABILITIES                                                         OTHER LEASE MATTERS
         Variable lease payments during 2025 were $29 million (2024 –              During the year ended December 31, 2025, we sold wireless
         $20 million).                                                             network tower and wireline conduit assets under construction for
                                                                                   $144 million (2024 – $50 million) to an entity that will complete
         Below is a summary of the activity related to our lease liabilities for
                                                                                   construction and from which we will lease space on those assets
         the year ended December 31, 2025. Certain of our lease liabilities
                                                                                   once complete for terms of 3 years. Under certain circumstances,
         are secured by the underlying right-of-use assets; the underlying
                                                                                   we have an ability, which becomes available in 2031, to purchase
         right-of-use assets have a net carrying amount of $825 million as at
                                                                                   that entity (from which we currently lease space on these and other
         December 31, 2025 (2024 – $715 million).
                                                                                   wireless network towers and wireline conduit). The purchase price
                                                    Years ended December 31        will be based on the entity earning a certain rate of return
                                                                                   considering our ongoing lease payments; we currently estimate the
         (In millions of dollars)           Note           2025           2024
                                                                                   purchase price, if elected at the time, would be approximately
         Lease liabilities, beginning                                              $400 million.
            of year                                       2,778          2,593
         Net additions                                      771            656
         Lease liabilities acquired
            through the MLSE
            Transaction                         3           104                –
         Interest expense on lease
            liabilities                       12            147            137
         Interest payments on lease
            liabilities                                    (123)           (130)
         Principal payments of lease
            liabilities                                    (559)           (478)
         Lease liabilities, end of year                   3,118          2,778
         Current liability                                  690            587
         Long-term liability                              2,428          2,191
         Lease liabilities                                3,118          2,778


         NOTE 10: INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         its intended use. Subsequently, the asset is carried at cost less
         RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT, INCLUDING                                    accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
         AMORTIZATION                                                              Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the
         Upon initial recognition, we measure intangible assets at cost            acquisition of the asset. The cost of a separately acquired intangible
         unless they are acquired through a business combination, in which         asset comprises:
         case they are measured at fair value. We begin amortizing                 • its purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable
         intangible assets with finite useful lives when the asset is ready for      purchase taxes, after deducting trade discounts and rebates;
                                                                                     and



121   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
• any directly attributable cost of preparing the asset for its          IMPAIRMENT TESTING
  intended use.                                                          We test intangible assets with finite useful lives for impairment
                                                                         whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that their
Indefinite useful lives                                                  carrying amounts may not be recoverable. We test indefinite-life
We do not amortize intangible assets with indefinite lives, including    intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually as at
spectrum licences, franchise rights, broadcast licences, the Rogers      October 1, or more frequently if we identify indicators of impairment.
and Fido brand names, and the trademarks of the Toronto Maple
                                                                         If we cannot estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
Leafs, the Toronto Raptors, and Toronto FC.
                                                                         intangible asset because it does not generate independent cash
                                                                         inflows, we test the entire cash-generating unit (CGU) to which it
Finite useful lives
                                                                         belongs for impairment.
We amortize intangible assets with finite useful lives, other than
acquired program rights, into “depreciation and amortization” on         Goodwill is allocated to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) based on the
the Consolidated Statements of Income on a straight-line basis           level at which management monitors goodwill, which cannot be
over their estimated useful lives as noted in the table below. We        higher than an operating segment. The allocation of goodwill is
monitor and review the useful lives, residual values, and                made to CGUs (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benefit
amortization methods at least once per year and change them if           from the synergies and future growth of the business combinations
they are different from our previous estimates. We recognize the         from which the goodwill arose.
effects of changes in estimates in net income prospectively.
                                                                         Recognition and measurement of an impairment charge
 Intangible asset                             Estimated useful life
                                                                         An intangible asset or goodwill is impaired if the recoverable
 Customer relationships                            3 to 20 years         amount is less than the carrying amount. The recoverable amount
 Ticket holder and sponsor relationships          25 to 30 years         of a CGU, group of CGUs, or asset is the higher of its:
 Brand names                                       3 to 10 years         • fair value less costs of disposal; and
 Other intangible assets                          15 to 20 years         • value in use.
                                                                         If our estimate of the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount is less
Acquired program rights                                                  than its carrying amount, we reduce its carrying amount to the
Program rights are contractual rights we acquire from third parties      recoverable amount and recognize the loss in net income
to broadcast programs, including rights to broadcast live sporting       immediately.
events. We recognize them at cost less accumulated amortization
and accumulated impairment losses. We capitalize “program                We reverse a previously recognized impairment loss, except in
rights” on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when        respect of goodwill, if our estimate of the recoverable amount of a
the licence period begins and the program is available for use and       previously impaired asset or CGU has increased such that the
amortize them to other external purchases in “operating costs” on        impairment recognized in a previous year has reversed. The
the Consolidated Statements of Income over the expected                  reversal is recognized by increasing the asset’s or CGU’s carrying
exhibition period. If we have no intention to air programs, we           amount to our new estimate of its recoverable amount. The
consider the related program rights impaired and write them off.         carrying amount of the asset or CGU subsequent to the reversal
Otherwise, we test them for impairment as intangible assets with         cannot be greater than its carrying amount had we not recognized
finite useful lives.                                                     an impairment loss in previous years.

The costs for multi-year sports and television broadcast rights          ESTIMATES
agreements are recognized in operating costs during the                  We use estimates in determining the recoverable amount of long-
applicable seasons based on the pattern in which the                     lived assets. The determination of the recoverable amount for the
programming is aired or rights are expected to be consumed. To           purpose of impairment testing requires the use of significant
the extent that prepayments are made at the commencement of a            estimates, such as:
multi-year contract towards future years’ rights fees, these             • future cash flows;
prepayments are recognized as intangible assets and amortized to         • terminal growth rates;
operating expenses over the contract term. To the extent that            • discount rates; and
prepayments are made for annual contractual fees within a season,        • when recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of
they are included in “other current assets” on our Consolidated             disposal, market information such as:
Statements of Financial Position, as the rights will be consumed            • revenue or profit multiples; and
within one year of the date of the financial statements.                    • precedent transactions in the relevant industry.

Goodwill                                                                 We estimate value in use for impairment tests by discounting
We recognize goodwill arising from business combinations when            estimated future cash flows to their present value. We estimate the
the fair value of the separately identifiable assets we acquired and     discounted future cash flows for periods of up to five years,
liabilities we assumed is lower than the consideration we paid           depending on the CGU, and a terminal value. The future cash flows
(including the recognized amount of the non-controlling interest, if     are based on our estimates and expected future operating results
any). If the fair value of the consideration transferred is lower than   of the CGU after considering economic conditions and a general
that of the separately identified assets and liabilities, we             outlook for the CGU’s industry. Our discount rates consider market
immediately recognize the difference as a gain in net income.            rates of return, debt to equity ratios, and certain risk premiums,




                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   122
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         among other things. The terminal value is the value attributed to                              Judgment is applied when deciding to designate certain assets as
         the CGU’s operations beyond the projected time period of the                                   having indefinite useful lives. For our spectrum and broadcast
         cash flows using a perpetuity rate based on expected economic                                  licences, we believe the licences are likely to be renewed for the
         conditions and a general outlook for the industry.                                             foreseeable future such that there is no limit to the period over which
                                                                                                        these assets are expected to generate net cash inflows. All our
         We determine fair value less costs of disposal in one of the
                                                                                                        franchise rights, brand names with indefinite lives, and trademarks
         following two ways:
                                                                                                        have been acquired through business combinations and we believe
         • analyzing discounted cash flows—we estimate the discounted
                                                                                                        each has sufficient prestige and renown such that there is no limit to
            future cash flows for five-year periods and a terminal value, similar
                                                                                                        the period over which these assets are expected to generate net cash
            to the value in use methodology described above, while applying
                                                                                                        inflows. We make judgments to determine that these assets have
            assumptions consistent with those a market participant would
                                                                                                        indefinite lives, analyzing all relevant factors, including the expected
            make. Future cash flows are based on our estimates of expected
                                                                                                        usage of the asset, the typical life cycle of the asset, and anticipated
            future operating results of the CGU. Our estimates of future cash
                                                                                                        changes in the market demand for the products and services the
            flows, terminal values, and discount rates consider similar factors to
                                                                                                        asset helps generate. After review of the competitive, legal,
            those described above for value in use estimates; or
                                                                                                        regulatory, and other factors, it is our view that these factors do not
         • using a market approach—we estimate the recoverable amount
                                                                                                        limit the useful lives of our spectrum and broadcast licenses.
            of the CGU using multiples of operating performance of
            comparable entities and precedent transactions in that industry.                            Judgment is also applied in choosing methods of amortizing our
                                                                                                        intangible assets and program rights that we believe most
         We make certain assumptions when deriving expected future cash
                                                                                                        accurately represent the consumption of those assets and are most
         flows, which may include assumptions pertaining to discount and
                                                                                                        representative of the economic substance of the intended use of
         terminal growth rates. These assumptions may differ or change
                                                                                                        the underlying assets.
         quickly depending on economic conditions or other events. It is
         therefore possible that future changes in assumptions may                                      Finally, we make judgments in determining CGUs and the
         negatively affect future valuations of CGUs and goodwill, which                                allocation of goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs for the purpose
         could result in impairment losses.                                                             of impairment testing. For example, in Media, we have determined
                                                                                                        that goodwill is monitored and should be tested for impairment at
         JUDGMENTS                                                                                      the Media segment level as a whole, rather than at the underlying
         We make significant judgments that affect the measurement of our                               business by business level, based on the interdependencies across
         intangible assets and goodwill.                                                                Media and how it sells and goes to market.

         DETAILS OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS
         The tables below summarize our intangible assets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                  Indefinite-life                                         Finite-life

                                                                                                              Ticket                                             Total
                                                                                  Brand                 holder and Acquired                   Total         intangible
                                                Spectrum Franchise Broadcast names and     Customer        sponsor program Brand         intangible         assets and
         (In millions of dollars)                licences    rights licences trademarks relationships relationships   rights names Other     assets Goodwill goodwill

         Cost
                As at January 1, 2025               12,197            –        325          420            7,612               –        200      97     52       20,903     16,501       37,404
                Accumulated impairment
                  losses                                   –          –       (109)          (14)               –              –         (5)       –      –         (128)      (221)        (349)
                Cost, net of impairment
                  losses                            12,197            –        216          406            7,612               –        195      97     52       20,775     16,280       37,055
                Additions                                –            –          –            –                –               –         93       –     12          105          –          105
                Acquisitions from business
                  combinations (note 3)                    –     9,830              –     1,364                –           363            –        –    21       11,578       3,812      15,390
                Disposals and other 1                      –         –              –         –             (104)            –          (62)       –     –         (166)        (60)       (226)
                As at December 31, 2025            12,197       9,830          216        1,770            7,508           363          226      97     85       32,292 20,032           52,324
         Accumulated amortization
             As at January 1, 2025                         –          –             –       270            2,538              –          60      44       5       2,917            –       2,917
             Amortization 2                                –          –             –         –              518              7          86      27       5         643            –         643
             Disposals and other 1                         –          –             –         –             (106)             –         (60)      –       –        (166)           –        (166)
                As at December 31, 2025                    –          –             –       270            2,950              7         86       71     10        3,394            –       3,394
         Net carrying amount
              As at January 1, 2025                12,197           –          216          136            5,074             –          135      53     47       17,858 16,280           34,138
              As at December 31, 2025              12,197       9,830          216        1,500            4,558           356          140      26     75       28,898 20,032           48,930
         1   Includes disposals, impairments, reclassifications, and other adjustments.
         2   Of the $643 million of total amortization, $86 million related to acquired program rights is included in other external purchases in “operating costs” (see note 7), and $557 million
             in “depreciation and amortization” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.




123   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  Indefinite-life                                   Finite-life
                                                                                                                                                                               Total
                                                                                                               Acquired                                    Total          intangible
                                                       Spectrum Broadcast Brand                     Customer program Brand                            intangible          assets and
(In millions of dollars)                                licences  licences names                 relationships    rights names Other                      assets Goodwill goodwill

Cost
       As at January 1, 2024                               11,717            330       420               7,604           200         75       52          20,398        16,501     36,899
       Accumulated impairment losses                            –            (99)      (14)                  –            (5)         –        –            (118)         (221)      (339)
       Cost, net of impairment losses                      11,717            231       406               7,604           195         75       52          20,280        16,280     36,560
       Additions                                              480              –         –                   8            72         22        –             582             –        582
       Disposals and other 1                                    –            (15)        –                   –           (72)         –        –             (87)            –        (87)
       As at December 31, 2024                             12,197            216       406               7,612           195         97       52          20,775        16,280     37,055

Accumulated amortization
    As at January 1, 2024                                         –              –     270               2,025             68        19         2          2,384             –      2,384
    Amortization 2                                                –              –       –                 513             62        25         3            603             –        603
    Disposals and other 1                                         –              –       –                   –            (70)        –         –            (70)            –        (70)
       As at December 31, 2024                                    –              –     270               2,538            60         44         5          2,917             –      2,917

Net carrying amount
    As at January 1, 2024                                  11,717            231       136               5,579           127         56       50          17,896        16,280     34,176
    As at December 31, 2024                                12,197            216       136               5,074           135         53       47          17,858        16,280     34,138
1   Includes disposals, impairments, reclassifications, and other adjustments.
2   Of the $603 million of total amortization, $62 million related to acquired program rights is included in other external purchases in “operating costs” (see note 7), and $541 million
    in “depreciation and amortization” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Franchise rights reflect the July 1, 2025 estimated fair values of the Toronto Maple Leafs ($3,270 million), Toronto Raptors ($5,740 million),
and Toronto FC ($820 million) franchises. Indefinite-life brand names and trademarks include the July 1, 2025 estimated fair values of the
Toronto Maple Leafs ($890 million) and Toronto Raptors ($440 million) trademarks.

ANNUAL IMPAIRMENT TESTING
For purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, our CGUs, or groups of CGUs, significantly correspond to our reportable segments as
disclosed in note 5. Our Cable reportable segment as disclosed in note 5 is composed of our Cable CGU and our Satellite CGU.

Below is an overview of the methods and key assumptions we used in 2025, as of October 1, to determine recoverable amounts for CGUs,
or groups of CGUs, with indefinite-life intangible assets or goodwill that we consider significant.

(In millions of dollars, except periods used and rates)
                                                   Carrying value                                                            Period of
                         Carrying value          of indefinite-life       Recoverable                                   projected cash         Terminal growth           Pre-tax discount
                           of goodwill          intangible assets         amount method                                   flows (years)               rates (%)                  rates (%)
Wireless                            1,634                    12,331       Value in use                                                   5                        2.0                 7.9
Cable                              13,533                         –       Value in use                                                   5                        1.0                 8.0
Media group 1                       4,781                    11,410       Fair value less costs of disposal                              5                        2.0                10.9
Leafs                                   –                     4,160       Fair value less costs of disposal                            n/a                        n/a                 n/a
Raptors                                 –                     6,180       Fair value less costs of disposal                            n/a                        n/a                 n/a
TFC                                     –                       854       Fair value less costs of disposal                            n/a                        n/a                 n/a
1   The carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets for Media includes the carrying values of the Leafs, Raptors, and TFC indefinite-life intangible assets.

Our fair value measurements for the Leafs, Raptors, and TFC CGUs                                   We did not recognize an impairment charge related to our
are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Our fair value                              goodwill or intangible assets during the year ended December 31,
measurement for the Media group is classified as Level 3.                                          2025 because the recoverable amounts of the CGUs, or groups of
                                                                                                   CGUs, exceeded their carrying values. During the year ended
Given the unique nature of our Media group, Leafs, Raptors, and
                                                                                                   December 31, 2024, we recognized $15 million in restructuring,
TFC CGUs, the determination of fair value for these CGUs is not
                                                                                                   acquisition and other related to an impairment of the broadcast
exclusively cash-flow-based and instead considers market revenue
                                                                                                   licences in our Radio CGU (part of our Media group) as a result of
multiples and precedent team transactions in each of the leagues,
                                                                                                   the continued decline in the advertising market and a
including league expansions, as applicable.
                                                                                                   corresponding decline in the CGU’s recoverable amount.




                                                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.              |   124
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 11: RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                        RESTRUCTURING, ACQUISITION AND OTHER COSTS
         We define restructuring costs as employee costs associated with
         the targeted restructuring of our employee base, or other costs                                                                   Years ended December 31
         associated with significant changes in either the scope of business
                                                                                                  (In millions of dollars)                         2025           2024
         activities or the manner in which business is conducted. Acquisition
         and integration costs are directly attributable to investigating or                      Restructuring, acquisition and other
         completing an acquisition or to integrating an acquired business.                          excluding Shaw Transaction
         Other costs are costs that, in management’s judgment about their                           integration-related costs                        350           276
         nature, should be segregated from ongoing operating expenses,                            Shaw Transaction integration-related
         including costs related to significant litigation and regulatory                           costs                                             89           130
         decisions.                                                                               Total restructuring, acquisition and
                                                                                                    other                                            439           406
         JUDGMENTS
         We make significant judgments in determining the appropriate                             The restructuring, acquisition and other costs excluding Shaw
         classification of costs to be included in “restructuring, acquisition and                Transaction integration-related costs in 2024 and 2025 include
         other”.                                                                                  severance and other departure-related costs associated with the
                                                                                                  targeted restructuring of our employee base, and costs related to
                                                                                                  closing the MLSE Transaction. These costs also included costs
                                                                                                  related to real estate rationalization programs, an impairment of
                                                                                                  our radio broadcast licences (in 2024), expenses directly related to
                                                                                                  completing the network transaction (see note 28), and an
                                                                                                  unfavourable regulatory decision related to retransmission of
                                                                                                  distant signals.

                                                                                                  The Shaw Transaction integration-related costs in 2024 and 2025
                                                                                                  mainly consisted of incremental costs supporting IT system
                                                                                                  integration activities related to the Shaw Transaction.


         NOTE 12: FINANCE COSTS
                                                            Years ended December 31               FOREIGN EXCHANGE AND CHANGE IN FAIR VALUE OF
         (In millions of dollars)                              Note        2025         2024      DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                  We recognized $45 million in net foreign exchange gains in 2025
         Interest on borrowings, net 1                                     1,954       2,022
                                                                                                  (2024 – $222 million in net losses). These gains were primarily
         Interest on lease liabilities                              9        147         137
                                                                                                  attributed to our $6 billion term loan facility, which we terminated
         Interest on post-employment benefits                      27         (5)         (5)
                                                                                                  this year (see note 25), and our US CP program borrowings (see
         Gain on redemption of long-term
                                                                                                  note 19).
            debt 2                                                 25       (151)           –
         (Gain) loss on foreign exchange                                     (45)         222     These foreign exchange gains were partly offset by the $17 million
         Change in fair value of derivative                                                       loss (2024 – $205 million gain) related to the change in fair value of
            instruments                                                        17        (205)    derivatives which were not designated as hedges for accounting
         Change in fair value of subsidiary                                                       purposes, primarily attributed to the debt derivatives we used to
            equity derivative instruments 3                                   (9)           –     substantially offset the foreign exchange risk related to these
         Capitalized interest                                                (30)         (36)
                                                                                                  US dollar-denominated borrowings.
         Deferred transaction costs and other                                165          160
         Total finance costs                                               2,043       2,295
         1 Interest on borrowings, net includes interest on short-term borrowings and on long-
           term debt.
         2 Reflects the net gain on the redemption of long-term debt purchased in 2025 (see

           note 25 for more information).
         3 Reflects the change in fair value of derivatives entered into related to the network

           transaction (see note 19 for more information).




125   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 13: OTHER INCOME
                                          Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                     Note      2025      2024
Income from associates and joint
  ventures                                      20       (38)       (8)
Gain on revaluation of MLSE
  investment                                     3   (4,976)         –
Other investment (income) losses                         (7)         2
Total other income                                   (5,021)        (6)


NOTE 14: INCOME TAXES
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         INCOME TAX EXPENSE
Income tax expense includes both current and deferred taxes. We
recognize income tax expense in net income unless it relates to an                                                      Years ended December 31
item recognized directly in equity or other comprehensive income.
                                                                          (In millions of dollars)                            2025          2024
We provide for income taxes based on all of the information that is
currently available.                                                      Current tax expense:
                                                                              For the current period                           639           884
Current tax expense is tax we expect to pay or receive based on               Change in estimate relating to prior
our taxable income or loss during the year. We calculate the                    periods                                        (100)         (20)
current tax expense using tax rates enacted or substantively
                                                                          Total current tax expense                            539           864
enacted as at the reporting date, including any adjustment to taxes
payable or receivable related to previous years.                          Deferred tax expense (recovery):
                                                                              Origination (reversal) of temporary
Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences            differences                                      81         (291)
between the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities we                 Change in estimate relating to prior
recognize on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position                  periods                                        100             (1)
and their respective tax bases. We calculate deferred tax assets and
liabilities using enacted or substantively enacted tax rates that will    Total deferred tax expense (recovery)                181          (292)
apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected        Total income tax expense                             720           572
to reverse.
                                                                          Below is a summary of the difference between income tax expense
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally
                                                                          computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income
enforceable right to offset current tax assets and liabilities and they
                                                                          before income tax expense and the actual income tax expense for
relate to income taxes levied by the same authority on:
                                                                          the year.
• the same taxable entity; or
• different taxable entities where these entities intend to settle
                                                                                                                        Years ended December 31
   current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or the tax assets
   and liabilities will be realized and settled simultaneously.           (In millions of dollars, except tax rates)           2025         2024

We recognize a deferred tax asset for unused losses, tax credits,         Statutory income tax rate                           26.2%        26.2%
                                                                          Income before income tax expense                    7,626        2,306
and deductible temporary differences to the extent it is probable
that future taxable income will be available to use the asset.            Computed income tax expense                          1,998         604
                                                                          Increase (decrease) in income tax expense
                                                                            resulting from:
JUDGMENTS                                                                      Non-taxable gain on revaluation of
We make significant judgments in interpreting tax rules and                      MLSE investment                              (1,304)           –
regulations when we calculate income tax expense. We make                      Non-deductible (taxable) stock-based
judgments to evaluate whether we can recover a deferred tax asset                compensation                                     11         (13)
based on our assessment of existing tax laws, estimates of future              Non-taxable portion of capital gains               (9)          –
                                                                               Unrealized capital losses for which no
profitability, and tax planning strategies.
                                                                                 deferred tax asset is recognized                 42            –
                                                                               Recognition of previously
                                                                                 unrecognized capital loss                       (10)          –
                                                                               Other                                              (8)        (19)
                                                                          Total income tax expense                              720          572
                                                                          Effective income tax rate                            9.4%        24.8%




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   126
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
         Below is a summary of the movement of net deferred tax assets and liabilities during 2025 and 2024.

                                                                            Property,                                                           Contract and
                                                                            plant and             Goodwill                                          deferred
         Deferred tax assets (liabilities)                             equipment and             and other                           Lease       commission
         (In millions of dollars)                                           inventory          intangibles Investments            liabilities     cost assets       Other        Total
         January 1, 2025                                                           (3,225)              (3,345)          (2)           571              (179)        (101)      (6,281)
         Recovery (expense) in net income                                            (133)                  31           (7)            57               (58)         (71)        (181)
         Expense in other comprehensive income                                           –                   –            2              –                 –            2            4
         Acquired through the MLSE Transaction                                         (79)             (3,012)         (75)             7                 –          123       (3,036)
         December 31, 2025                                                        (3,437)           (6,326)            (82)            635              (237)            (47)   (9,494)


                                                                            Property,                                                           Contract and
                                                                            plant and             Goodwill                                          deferred
         Deferred tax assets (liabilities)                             equipment and             and other                           Lease       commission
         (In millions of dollars)                                           inventory          intangibles Investments            liabilities     cost assets       Other        Total
         January 1, 2024                                                           (3,509)              (3,316)          (2)           554              (123)          17       (6,379)
         (Expense) recovery in net income                                             284                   (29)          1             17                (56)         75          292
         Recovery in other comprehensive income                                         –                     –          (1)             –                  –        (193)        (194)
         December 31, 2024                                                         (3,225)              (3,345)          (2)           571              (179)        (101)      (6,281)


         We have not recognized deferred tax assets for the following items:                               There are taxable temporary differences associated with our
                                                                                                           investments in Canadian domestic subsidiaries. We do not
                                                                          As at December 31                recognize deferred tax liabilities for these temporary differences
         (In millions of dollars)                                              2025           2024         because we are able to control the timing of the reversal and the
                                                                                                           reversal is not probable in the foreseeable future. Reversing these
         Realized capital losses in Canada that can be                                                     taxable temporary differences is not expected to result in any
           applied against future capital gains                                      –           73
         Unrealized capital losses on debt and                                                             significant tax implications.
           derivative instruments                                             1,457           2,572
         Tax losses in foreign jurisdictions 1                                   63              72
         Deductible temporary differences in foreign
           jurisdictions                                                           42            44
         Total unrecognized temporary differences                             1,562           2,761
         1   $33 million of the tax losses in foreign jurisdictions expire between 2026 and 2037, the
             remaining $30 million can be carried forward indefinitely.


         NOTE 15: EARNINGS PER SHARE
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                                 EARNINGS PER SHARE CALCULATION
         We calculate basic earnings per share by dividing the net income
         or loss attributable to our RCI Class A Voting and RCI Class B                                    (In millions of dollars,                    Years ended December 31
         Non-Voting shareholders by the weighted average number of RCI                                     except per share amounts)                             2025            2024
         Class A Voting and RCI Class B Non-Voting shares (Class A Shares
         and Class B Non-Voting Shares, respectively) outstanding during                                   Numerator (basic) - Net income
         the year.                                                                                          attributable to RCI shareholders for
                                                                                                            the year                                             6,894          1,734
         We calculate diluted earnings per share by adjusting the net income                               Denominator - Number of shares
         or loss attributable to Class A and Class B Non-Voting shareholders                                  (in millions):
         and the weighted average number of Class A Shares and Class B                                           Weighted average number of
         Non-Voting Shares outstanding for the effect of all dilutive potential                                    shares outstanding - basic                     540             534
         common shares. We use the treasury stock method for calculating                                   Effect of dilutive securities
         diluted earnings per share, which considers the impact of employee                                   (in millions):
         stock options and other potentially dilutive instruments.                                               Employee stock options and
                                                                                                                   restricted share units                           1                1
         Options with tandem stock appreciation rights or cash payment                                     Weighted average number of shares
         alternatives are accounted for as cash-settled awards. As these                                    outstanding – diluted                                 541             535
         awards can be exchanged for common shares of RCI, they are                                        Earnings per share attributable to RCI
         considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation                                 shareholders:
         of our diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact                                  Basic                                        $12.77              $3.25
         in the period.                                                                                        Diluted                                      $12.74              $3.20



127   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, accounting for            For the year ended December 31, 2025, there were 8,959,909
outstanding share-based payments using the equity-settled                 options out of the money (2024 — 9,513,710) for purposes of the
method for stock-based compensation was determined to be                  calculation of earnings per share. These options were excluded
more dilutive than using the cash-settled method. As a result, net        from the calculation of the effect of dilutive securities because they
income for the year ended December 31, 2025 was reduced by                were anti-dilutive.
$3 million (2024 — $20 million) in the diluted earnings per share
calculation.


NOTE 16: ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         The long-term portion of our accounts receivable is recorded within
Accounts receivable represent (i) amounts owing to us that are            “financing receivables” on our Consolidated Statements of
currently due and collectible and (ii) amounts owed to us under           Financial Position and reflects our financing receivables that will be
device financing agreements that have not yet been billed                 billed to customers beyond one year of the date of the financial
(financing receivables). We initially recognize accounts receivable       statements.
on the date they originate. We measure accounts receivable initially      Below is a breakdown of our financing receivable balances.
at fair value and subsequently at amortized cost, with changes
recognized in net income. We measure an impairment loss for
                                                                                                                              As at December 31
accounts receivable as the excess of the carrying amount over the
present value of future cash flows we expect to derive from it, if any.   (In millions of dollars)                               2025      2024
The excess is allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts and         Current financing receivables                          2,448     2,341
recognized as a loss in net income.                                       Long-term financing receivables                        1,198     1,189
                                                                          Total financing receivables                            3,646     3,530
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE BY TYPE

                                                  As at December 31
(In millions of dollars)                       Note     2025     2024
Customer accounts receivable                           6,326 5,762
Other accounts receivable                              1,236 1,132
Allowance for doubtful accounts                   19    (259) (227)
Total accounts receivable                              7,303    6,667
Current                                                6,105    5,478
Long-term                                              1,198    1,189
Total accounts receivable                              7,303    6,667


NOTE 17: INVENTORIES
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         INVENTORIES BY TYPE
We measure inventories, including wireless devices and
merchandise for resale, at the lower of cost (determined on a                                                                 As at December 31
weighted average cost basis for wireless devices and accessories          (In millions of dollars)                               2025      2024
and a first-in, first-out basis for other finished goods and
                                                                          Wireless devices and accessories                        446        538
merchandise) and net realizable value. We reverse a previous
                                                                          Other finished goods and merchandise                    104        103
writedown to net realizable value, not to exceed the original
recognized cost, if the inventories later increase in value.              Total inventories                                       550        641

                                                                          Cost of equipment sales and merchandise for resale includes
                                                                          $2,737 million of inventory costs for 2025 (2024 – $2,749 million).




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   128
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 18: OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                      As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                  Note      2025       2024
         Prepaid expenses                                                      334       304
         Current portion of deferred commission
           costs                                                        6      500       417
         Income tax receivable                                                 129         –
         Deferred player compensation                                          108         7
         Current portion of residual value return
           provision asset                                              6      152       120
         Other                                                                  16         –
         Total other current assets                                          1,239       849


         NOTE 19: FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         ACCOUNTING POLICY
         Recognition
         We initially recognize cash and cash equivalents, bank advances, accounts receivable, financing receivables, debt securities, and accounts
         payable and accrued liabilities on the date they originate. All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognized on the
         trade date when we become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

         Classification and measurement
         We measure financial instruments by grouping them into classes upon initial recognition, based on the purpose of the individual
         instruments. We initially measure all financial instruments at fair value plus, in the case of our financial instruments not classified as fair value
         through profit and loss (FVTPL) or FVTOCI, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issuance of the financial
         instruments. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes, the effective portion of the hedge is recognized in
         accumulated other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion of the hedge is recognized immediately into net income.
         The classifications and methods of measurement subsequent to initial recognition of our financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows:

             Financial instrument                                                                                     Classification and measurement method
             Financial assets
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             Amortized cost
                Accounts receivable                                                                                   Amortized cost
                Financing receivables                                                                                 Amortized cost
                Investments, measured at FVTOCI                                                                       FVTOCI with no reclassification to net income 1
             Financial liabilities
                Bank advances                                                                                         Amortized cost
                Short-term borrowings                                                                                 Amortized cost
                Accounts payable                                                                                      Amortized cost
                Accrued liabilities                                                                                   Amortized cost
                MLSE put liability                                                                                    FVTPL
                Long-term debt                                                                                        Amortized cost
                Lease liabilities                                                                                     Amortized cost
             Derivatives 2
               Debt derivatives 3                                                                                     FVTOCI and FVTPL
               Expenditure derivatives 4                                                                              FVTOCI and FVTPL
               Equity derivatives                                                                                     FVTPL 5
               Virtual power purchase agreement                                                                       FVTPL
               Subsidiary equity derivatives                                                                          FVTPL
         1 Subsequently measured at fair value with changes recognized in the FVTOCI investment reserve.
         2 Derivatives can be in an asset or liability position at a point in time historically or in the future.
         3 Debt derivatives related to our US dollar-denominated credit facility and commercial paper borrowings have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are

           measured at FVTPL. Debt derivatives related to our senior notes and debentures, subordinated notes, lease liabilities, and MLSE’s credit facility borrowings are designated as
           hedges for accounting purposes and are measured at FVTOCI.
         4 Certain expenditure derivatives acquired through the MLSE Transaction have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are measured at FVTPL. All other

           expenditure derivatives are designated as hedges for accounting purposes and are measured at FVTOCI.
         5 Subsequent changes are offset against stock-based compensation expense or recovery in “operating costs”.




129   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
We offset financial assets and financial liabilities and present the net amount on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when
we have a legal right to offset them and intend to settle on a net basis or realize the asset and liability simultaneously.

Derivative instruments
We use derivative instruments to manage risks related to certain activities in which we are involved. They include:

 Derivatives                   The risk they manage                                      Types of derivative instruments
 Debt derivatives              Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on       Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
                               principal and interest payments for US dollar-
                                                                                         Forward cross-currency interest rate exchange
                               denominated senior and subordinated notes and
                                                                                         agreements
                               debentures, credit facility borrowings, commercial
                               paper borrowings, and certain lease liabilities           Forward foreign exchange agreements
 Expenditure derivatives       Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on       Forward foreign exchange agreements and foreign
                               forecast US dollar-denominated expenditures               exchange option agreements
 Equity derivatives            Impact of fluctuations in share price of our Class B      Total return swap agreements
                               Non-Voting Shares on stock-based compensation
                               expense
 Subsidiary equity             Impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on       Cross-currency interest rate exchange agreements
 derivatives                   our subsidiary equity investment
 Virtual power purchase        Impact of fluctuations in market rates for electricity    Virtual power purchase agreement
 agreement

We use derivatives only to manage risk, and not for speculative           hedges for accounting purposes, less accumulated amounts
purposes.                                                                 reclassified into net income.

When we designate a derivative instrument as a hedging
                                                                          Deferred transaction costs and discounts
instrument for accounting purposes, we first determine that the
                                                                          We defer transaction costs and discounts associated with issuing
hedging instrument will be highly effective in offsetting the
                                                                          and amending long-term debt and direct costs we pay to lenders
changes in fair value or cash flows of the item it is hedging. We
                                                                          to obtain certain credit facilities and amortize them using the
then formally document the relationship between the hedging
                                                                          effective interest method over the life of the related instrument.
instrument and hedged item, including the risk management
objectives and strategy and the methods we will use to assess the
ongoing effectiveness of the hedging relationship.                        FVTOCI investment reserve
                                                                          The FVTOCI investment reserve represents the accumulated
We assess, on a quarterly basis, whether each hedging instrument          change in fair value of our equity investments that are measured at
continues to be highly effective in offsetting the changes in the fair    FVTOCI less accumulated impairment losses related to the
value or cash flows of the item it is hedging.                            investments and accumulated amounts reclassified into equity.
We assess host contracts to identify embedded derivatives.
Embedded derivatives are separated from the host contract and             Impairment (expected credit losses)
accounted for as separate derivatives if the host contract is not a       We consider the credit risk of a financial asset at initial recognition
financial asset and certain criteria are met.                             and at each reporting period thereafter until it is derecognized. For
                                                                          a financial asset that is determined to have low credit risk at the
                                                                          reporting date and that has not had significant increases in credit
Hedge ratio
                                                                          risk since initial recognition, we measure any impairment loss based
Our policy is to hedge 100% of the foreign currency risk arising
                                                                          on the credit losses we expect to recognize over the next one year
from principal and interest payment obligations on US dollar-
                                                                          from the date of the financial statements. For other financial assets,
denominated senior notes and debentures using debt derivatives.
                                                                          we will measure an impairment loss based on the lifetime expected
We also hedge up to 100% of the remaining lease payments when
                                                                          credit losses. Certain assets, such as trade receivables, financing
we enter into debt derivatives on our US dollar-denominated lease
                                                                          receivables, and contract assets without significant financing
liabilities. We typically hedge up to 100% of forecast foreign
                                                                          components, must always be recorded at lifetime expected credit
currency expenditures net of foreign currency cash inflows using
                                                                          losses.
expenditure derivatives. From time to time, we hedge up to 100%
of the interest rate risk on forecast future senior note issuances        Lifetime expected credit losses are estimates of all possible default
using interest rate derivatives.                                          events over the expected life of a financial instrument. Twelve-
                                                                          month expected credit losses are estimates of all possible default
Hedging reserve                                                           events within one year of the reporting date or over the expected
The hedging reserve represents the accumulated change in fair             life of a financial instrument, whichever is shorter.
value of our derivative instruments to the extent they were effective



                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.       |   130
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Financial assets that are significant in value are assessed individually.   FINANCIAL RISKS
         All other financial assets are assessed collectively based on the           We are exposed to credit, liquidity, market price, foreign exchange,
         nature of each asset.                                                       and interest rate risks. Our primary risk management objective is to
         We measure impairment for financial assets as follows:                      protect our income, cash flows, and, ultimately, shareholder value.
         • contract assets – we measure an impairment loss for contract              We design and implement the risk management strategies
           assets based on the lifetime expected credit losses, which is             discussed below to ensure our risks and the related exposures are
           allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts and recognized            consistent with our business objectives and risk tolerance. Below is
           as a loss in net income (see note 6);                                     a summary of our potential risk exposures by financial instrument.
         • accounts receivable – we measure an impairment loss for
           accounts receivable based on the lifetime expected credit losses,             Financial instrument                             Financial risks
           which is allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts and
                                                                                         Financial assets
           recognized as a loss in net income (see note 16);
                                                                                             Cash and cash equivalents                    Credit and foreign exchange
         • financing receivables – we measure an impairment loss for
                                                                                             Accounts receivable                          Credit and foreign exchange
           financing receivables based on the lifetime expected credit
                                                                                             Financing receivables                        Credit
           losses, which is allocated to an allowance for doubtful accounts
                                                                                             Investments, measured at                     Liquidity and foreign
           and recognized as a loss in net income (see note 16); and
                                                                                              FVTOCI                                      exchange
         • investments measured at FVTOCI – we measure an impairment
           loss for equity investments measured at FVTOCI as the excess of               Financial liabilities
           the cost to acquire the asset (less any impairment loss we have                   Bank advances                                Liquidity
           previously recognized) over its current fair value, if any. The                   Short-term borrowings                        Liquidity, foreign exchange,
           difference is recognized in the FVTOCI investment reserve.                                                                     and interest rate
                                                                                              Accounts payable                            Liquidity
         We consider financial assets to be in default when, in the case of
                                                                                              Accrued liabilities                         Liquidity
         contract assets, accounts receivable, and financing receivables, the
                                                                                              MLSE put liability                          Liquidity
         counterparty is unlikely to satisfy its obligations to us in full. Our
                                                                                              Long-term debt                              Liquidity, foreign exchange,
         investments measured at FVTOCI cannot default. To determine if
                                                                                                                                          and interest rate
         our financial assets are in default, we consider the amount of time
                                                                                              Lease liabilities                           Liquidity and foreign
         for which the individual asset has been outstanding, the reason for
                                                                                                                                          exchange
         the amount being outstanding (for example, if the customer has
         ongoing service or, if they have been deactivated, whether                      Derivatives 1
         voluntarily or involuntarily), and the risk profile of the underlying               Debt derivatives                             Credit, liquidity, and foreign
         customers. We typically write off accounts receivable when they                                                                  exchange
         have been outstanding for a significant period of time.                              Expenditure derivatives                     Credit, liquidity, and foreign
                                                                                                                                          exchange
         ESTIMATES                                                                            Equity derivatives                          Credit, liquidity, and market
         Fair value estimates related to our derivatives are made at a specific                                                           price
         point in time based on relevant market information and information                   Virtual power purchase                      Credit, liquidity, and market
         about the underlying financial instruments. These estimates require                   agreement                                  price
         assessment of the credit risk of the parties to the instruments and                  Subsidiary equity                           Credit, liquidity, and foreign
         the instruments’ discount rates. These fair values and underlying                     derivatives                                exchange
         estimates are also used in the tests of effectiveness of our hedging        1   Derivatives can be in an asset or liability position at a point in time historically or in the
         relationships.                                                                  future.

         We make estimates when determining the credit losses we expect
                                                                                     CREDIT RISK
         to recognize on an asset while taking into account whether we use
                                                                                     Credit risk represents the financial loss we could experience if a
         a twelve-month period or the asset’s lifetime.
                                                                                     counterparty to a financial instrument, from whom we have an
                                                                                     amount owing, failed to meet its obligations under the terms and
         JUDGMENTS                                                                   conditions of its contracts with us.
         We make significant judgments in determining whether our
         financial instruments qualify for hedge accounting. These                   Our credit risk exposure is primarily attributable to our cash and
         judgments include assessing whether the forecast transactions               cash equivalents, our accounts receivable, our financing
         designated as hedged items in hedging relationships will                    receivables, and to our debt, interest rate, expenditure, equity, and
         materialize as forecast, whether the hedging relationships                  subsidiary equity derivatives. Our broad customer base limits the
                                                                                     concentration of this risk. Our “accounts receivables” and “financing
         designated as effective hedges for accounting purposes continue
                                                                                     receivables” on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
         to qualitatively be effective, and determining the methodology to
                                                                                     are net of allowances for doubtful accounts.
         determine the fair values used in testing the effectiveness of
         hedging relationships.




131   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Accounts receivable and financing receivables                             We use various controls and processes, such as credit checks,
We measure our allowance for doubtful accounts related to our             deposits on account, and billing in advance, to mitigate credit risk.
accounts receivable and financing receivables using lifetime              We monitor and take appropriate action to suspend services when
expected credit losses. We believe the allowance for doubtful             customers have fully used their approved credit limits or violated
accounts sufficiently reflects the credit risk associated with our        established payment terms. While our credit controls and processes
accounts receivable and financing receivables. As at December 31,         have been effective in managing credit risk, they cannot eliminate
2025, $772 million (2024 – $687 million) of gross accounts                credit risk and there can be no assurance these controls will continue
receivable and financing receivables are considered past due,             to be effective or our current credit loss experience will continue.
which is defined as amounts outstanding beyond normal credit
terms and conditions for the respective customers.                        Derivative instruments
                                                                          Credit risk related to our debt derivatives, interest rate derivatives,
Below is a summary of the aging of our customer accounts
                                                                          expenditure derivatives, and equity derivatives arises from the
receivable, including financing receivables, net of the respective
                                                                          possibility that the counterparties to the agreements may default
allowances for doubtful accounts.
                                                                          on their obligations. We assess the creditworthiness of the
                                                                          counterparties to minimize the risk of counterparty default and do
                                                     As at December 31    not require collateral or other security to support the credit risk
(In millions of dollars)                                2025     2024     associated with these derivatives. Counterparties to the entire
                                                                          portfolio of our derivatives are financial institutions with a S&P
Customer accounts receivable                                              Global Ratings (or the equivalent) ranging from A to AA-.
    Unbilled financing receivables                     3,646     3,530
    Less than 30 days past billing date                1,748     1,419
                                                                          LIQUIDITY RISK
    30-60 days past billing date                         351       334
                                                                          Liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our financial
    61-90 days past billing date                         152       122    obligations as they fall due. We manage liquidity risk by managing
    Greater than 90 days past billing date               168       131    our commitments and maturities, capital structure, and financial
Total customer accounts receivable (net of                                leverage (see note 4). We also manage liquidity risk by continually
  allowances of $258 and $226, respectively)           6,065     5,536    monitoring actual and projected cash flows to ensure we will have
Total contract assets (net of allowances of $1                            sufficient liquidity to meet our liabilities when due, under both
  and $1, respectively)                                  253      268     normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable
                                                                          losses or risking damage to our reputation.
Total customer accounts receivable and
  contract assets                                      6,318     5,804

Below is a summary of the activity related to our allowance for
doubtful accounts on total customer accounts receivable and
contract assets.

                                         Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                     Note       2025     2024
Balance, beginning of year                               227      213
Allowance for doubtful accounts
   expense                                                327      259
Acquired in business combination                 3          8        –
Net use                                                  (303)    (245)
Balance, end of year                                     259      227




                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   132
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the undiscounted contractual maturities of our financial liabilities and the receivable components of our derivatives
         as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

         December 31, 2025                                                                    Carrying Contractual             Less than            1 to 3          4 to 5 More than
         (In millions of dollars)                                                             amount    cash flows                1 year            years           years    5 years
         Short-term borrowings                                                                   4,000             4,000            4,000               –                –           –
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                4,831             4,831            4,831               –                –           –
         MLSE put liability                                                                      3,316             3,316            3,316               –                –           –
         Long-term debt 1                                                                       37,058            37,932            3,186           6,529            6,795      21,422
         Lease liabilities                                                                       3,118             4,074              692             895              543       1,944
         Other long-term financial liabilities                                                     443               443                –             132               70         241
         Expenditure derivative instruments:
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –           4,418           2,257           1,759              111         291
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar)                                      –          (4,487)         (2,276)         (1,790)            (114)       (307)
         Equity derivative instruments                                                                  –             (28)            (28)              –                –           –
         Subsidiary equity derivative instruments
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –         10,321               481            962              962        7,916
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar)                                      –        (10,651)             (533)        (1,065)          (1,065)      (7,988)
         Debt derivative instruments accounted for as hedges:
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                            –          21,030              990           2,865            3,259       13,916
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                   –         (22,402)          (1,010)         (3,054)          (3,225)     (15,113)
         Net carrying amount of derivatives (asset)                                                  (97)
                                                                                                52,669            52,797          15,906            7,233            7,336      22,322
         1   Reflects repayment of our subordinated notes on their respective at-par redemption dates (see note 25).
         2   Represents Canadian dollar equivalent amount of US dollar inflows matched to an equal amount of US dollar maturities in long-term debt for debt derivatives.


         December 31, 2024                                                                    Carrying Contractual             Less than            1 to 3          4 to 5 More than
         (In millions of dollars)                                                             amount    cash flows                1 year            years           years    5 years
         Short-term borrowings                                                                   2,959             2,959            2,959               –                –           –
         Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                4,059             4,059            4,059               –                –           –
         Income tax payable                                                                         26                26               26               –                –           –
         Long-term debt 1                                                                       41,896            42,886            3,696           8,970            5,799      24,421
         Lease liabilities                                                                       2,778             3,546              587           1,084              406       1,469
         Other long-term financial liabilities                                                      49                49                1               2               42           4
         Expenditure derivative instruments:
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –           2,124           1,605              519                  –         –
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar)                                      –          (2,288)         (1,727)            (561)                 –         –
         Equity derivative instruments                                                                  –             (54)            (54)               –                  –         –
         Debt derivative instruments accounted for as hedges:
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                             –         22,506            2,572           3,565            1,684       14,685
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                    –        (25,421)          (2,758)         (3,957)          (1,799)     (16,907)
         Debt derivative instruments not accounted for as hedges:
             Cash outflow (Canadian dollar)                                                           –             1,958           1,958                 –                 –         –
             Cash inflow (Canadian dollar equivalent of US dollar) 2                                  –            (1,963)         (1,963)                –                 –         –
         Net carrying amount of derivatives (asset)                                                (425)
                                                                                                51,342            50,387          10,961            9,622            6,132      23,672
         1   Reflects repayment of our subordinated notes on their respective at-par redemption dates (see note 25).
         2   Represents Canadian dollar equivalent amount of US dollar inflows matched to an equal amount of US dollar maturities in long-term debt for debt derivatives.




133   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of the net interest payments over the life of the          credit facility borrowings as hedges for accounting purposes. As at
long-term debt, including the impact of the associated debt                   December 31, 2025, all of our US dollar-denominated long-term
derivatives, as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.                                debt, short-term borrowings, and lease liabilities were hedged
                                                                              against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates using debt
December 31, 2025                   Less than   1 to 3   4 to 5   More than   derivatives. With respect to our long-term debt and US CP
(In millions of dollars)               1 year   years    years      5 years   program, as a result of our debt derivatives, a one-cent change in
Net interest payments                  1,861    3,174    2,674      11,912    the Canadian dollar relative to the US dollar would have no effect
                                                                              on net income.

December 31, 2024                   Less than   1 to 3   4 to 5   More than   We use expenditure derivatives to manage the foreign exchange
(In millions of dollars)               1 year   years    years      5 years   risk in our operations, designating them (except for certain
                                                                              derivatives acquired through the MLSE Transaction) as hedges for
Net interest payments                  1,925    3,303    2,528      13,480
                                                                              certain of our forecast operational and capital expenditures.
                                                                              A portion of our accounts receivable and accounts payable and
MARKET PRICE RISK                                                             accrued liabilities is denominated in US dollars. Due to the short-
Market price risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as          term nature of these receivables and payables, they carry no
fluctuations in the market prices of our share price or energy, will          significant risk from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates as at
affect our income, cash flows, or the value of our financial                  December 31, 2025.
instruments.
                                                                              INTEREST RATE RISK
Market price risk - Class B Non-Voting Shares
                                                                              We are exposed to risk of changes in market interest rates due to
Our liability related to stock-based compensation is remeasured at
                                                                              the impact this has on interest expense for our short-term
fair value each period. Stock-based compensation expense is
                                                                              borrowings, bank credit facilities, and term loan facility. As at
affected by changes in the price of our Class B Non-Voting Shares
                                                                              December 31, 2025, 89.1% of our outstanding long-term debt and
during the life of an award, including stock options, restricted share
                                                                              short-term borrowings was at fixed interest rates (2024 - 90.8%).
units (RSUs), and deferred share units (DSUs). We use equity
derivatives from time to time to manage the exposure in our stock-
based compensation liability. As a result of our equity derivatives, a        Sensitivity analysis
one-dollar change in the price of a Class B Non-Voting Share                  Below is a sensitivity analysis for significant exposures with respect
would not have a material effect on net income.                               to our expenditure derivatives, debt derivatives, interest rate
                                                                              derivatives, short-term borrowings, senior notes, and bank credit
                                                                              facilities as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 with all other variables
Market price risk - energy prices
                                                                              held constant. It shows how net income and other comprehensive
We have a virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA) that entitles
                                                                              income would have been affected by changes in the relevant risk
us to the benefits of 38% of the total energy generated by a solar
                                                                              variables.
facility in Alberta. The fair value of the VPPA is based, in part, on the
market rate for energy in Alberta.
                                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                                                  comprehensive
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK                                                                                                  Net income       income
We use debt derivatives to manage risks from fluctuations in                  (Change in millions of dollars)          2025 2024 2025 2024
foreign exchange rates associated with our US dollar-denominated              Expenditure derivatives - change in
long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and lease liabilities. We                foreign exchange rate $0.01 change
typically designate the debt derivatives related to our senior notes            in Cdn$ relative to US$                    7      –      18      12
and debentures and lease liabilities as hedges for accounting                 Short-term borrowings
                                                                                1% change in interest rates              29     22        –        –
purposes against the foreign exchange risk associated with specific
                                                                              Bank credit facilities (floating)
debt instruments and lease contracts, respectively. We have not                 1% change in interest rates                3     7        –        –
designated the debt derivatives related to our US CP program or




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   134
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
         As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, all of our US dollar-denominated long-term debt instruments were hedged against fluctuations in foreign
         exchange rates for accounting purposes. Below is a summary of our net (liability) asset position for our various derivatives and a summary of the
         derivative instruments assets and derivative instruments liabilities reflected on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
                                                                                                                                                              As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                      Notional                   Notional         Fair
                                                                                                                      amount       Exchange      amount         value                  Long-
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                                (US$)           rate      (Cdn$)      (Cdn$)     Current       term
         Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                   8,559       1.2373       10,590         787          47       740
              As liabilities                                                                                              7,763       1.3449       10,440        (645)        (13)     (632)
              MLSE interest rate swap                                                                                         –            –          300          (7)          –        (7)
         Net mark-to-market debt derivative asset                                                                                                                 135          34       101
         Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                   1,122       1.3275        1,489          20          15          5
              As liabilities                                                                                              1,261       1.3816        1,742         (28)        (22)        (6)
         Expenditure derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                               886        1.3386        1,186         (17)         (3)       (14)
         Net mark-to-market expenditure derivative liability                                                                                                      (25)        (10)       (15)
         Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                        –             –        173          37          37          –
              As liabilities                                                                                                   –             –         84          (9)         (9)         –
         Net mark-to-market equity derivative asset                                                                                                                28          28          –
         Subsidiary equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                     750       1.3827        1,037           1            –         1
              As liabilities                                                                                              4,100       1.3846        5,677         (36)           –       (36)
         Net mark-to-market subsidiary equity derivative liability                                                                                                (35)           –       (35)
         Virtual power purchase agreement not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                                   –             –           –         (6)         (2)       (4)
         Net mark-to-market virtual power purchase agreement liability                                                                                             (6)         (2)       (4)
         Net mark-to-market asset                                                                                                                                  97          50        47

                                                                                                                                                              As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                      Notional                   Notional         Fair
                                                                                                                      amount       Exchange      amount         value                  Long-
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                                (US$)           rate      (Cdn$)      (Cdn$)     Current       term
         Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                 11,116        1.2510       13,906       1,194        224        970
              As liabilities                                                                                             6,550        1.3127        8,598        (842)        (5)      (837)
         Short-term debt derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                    666        1.4282          952           7          7          –
              As liabilities                                                                                               696        1.4421        1,004          (2)        (2)         –
         Net mark-to-market debt derivative asset                                                                                                                 357        224        133
         Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges:
              As assets                                                                                                   1,590       1.3362        2,125         132        105         27
         Net mark-to-market expenditure derivative asset                                                                                                          132        105         27
         Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                                   –             –        320         (54)        (54)         –
         Net mark-to-market equity derivative liability                                                                                                           (54)        (54)         –
         Virtual power purchase agreement not accounted for as hedges:
              As liabilities                                                                                                   –             –           –        (10)        (2)        (8)
         Net mark-to-market power purchase agreement liability                                                                                                    (10)        (2)        (8)
         Net mark-to-market asset                                                                                                                                 425        273        152

         Below is a summary of the net cash proceeds on debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives.
                                                                                                                                                             Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                                                    2025              2024
         Proceeds on debt derivatives related to US commercial paper                                                                                                1,175              2,478
         Proceeds on debt derivatives related to credit facility borrowings                                                                                        15,171             23,368
         Proceeds on debt derivatives related to senior notes and debentures                                                                                        4,815                  –
         Proceeds on subsidiary equity derivatives 1                                                                                                               29,447                  –
         Proceeds on debt derivatives related to lease liabilities                                                                                                    203                203
         Total proceeds on debt derivatives                                                                                                                        50,811             26,049
         Payments on debt derivatives related to US commercial paper                                                                                               (1,176)            (2,466)
         Payments on debt derivatives related to credit facility borrowings                                                                                       (15,203)           (23,280)
         Payments on debt derivatives related to senior notes and debentures                                                                                       (4,743)                 –
         Payments on subsidiary equity derivatives 1                                                                                                              (29,379)                 –
         Payments on debt derivatives related to lease liabilities                                                                                                   (196)              (196)
         Total payments on debt derivatives                                                                                                                       (50,697)           (25,942)
         Net proceeds on settlement of debt derivatives and subsidiary equity derivatives                                                                             114                107
         1   We initially entered into the subsidiary equity derivatives based on an anticipated closing date. Between that time and the June 20 closing date of the network transaction, we
             received net cash proceeds of $44 million as we extended the derivatives. Subsequent to closing, net cash proceeds of $24 million were received.




135   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of the changes in fair value of our derivative instruments for 2025 and 2024.

                                  Debt        Debt Expenditure Expenditure                               Subsidiary Virtual power
Year ended December 31, 2025 derivatives derivatives derivatives derivatives                     Equity      equity      purchase     Total
(In millions of dollars)      (hedged) (unhedged)     (hedged) (unhedged)                    derivatives derivatives agreement instruments
Derivative instruments,
  beginning of year                          352          5              132            –          (54)              –              (10)        425
Proceeds received from
  settlement of derivatives               (5,018)   (16,346)       (1,982)            (63)           –      (29,447)                  –      (52,856)
Payment on derivatives settled             4,939     16,379         1,908              63           60       29,379                   3       52,731
(Decrease) increase in fair value
  of derivatives                            (138)       (38)             (66)         (17)          22              33                1        (203)
Derivative instruments, end of
 year                                        135           –              (8)         (17)          28           (35)                (6)         97

Mark-to-market asset                         787           –              20            –           37             1                  –         845
Mark-to-market liability                    (652)          –             (28)         (17)          (9)          (36)                (6)       (748)
Mark-to-market asset (liability)             135           –              (8)         (17)          28           (35)                (6)         97


                                                                    Debt        Debt                       Virtual power
Year ended December 31, 2024                                   derivatives derivatives Expenditure  Equity      purchase     Total
(In millions of dollars)                                        (hedged) (unhedged) derivatives derivatives agreement instruments
Derivative instruments,
  beginning of year                                                  (470)          (101)          (15)             48                –         (538)
Proceeds received from
  settlement of derivatives                                          (203)       (25,846)       (1,640)              –               (1)     (27,690)
Payment on derivatives settled                                        196         25,746         1,590               –                2       27,534
Increase (decrease) in fair value
  of derivatives                                                         829         206           197         (102)                (11)       1,119
Derivative instruments, end of
 year                                                                    352            5          132           (54)               (10)        425

Mark-to-market asset                                                1,194               7          132             –                  –        1,333
Mark-to-market liability                                             (842)             (2)           –           (54)               (10)        (908)
Mark-to-market asset (liability)                                         352            5          132           (54)               (10)        425

DEBT DERIVATIVES                                                           derivatives related to our senior notes, debentures, subordinated
We use cross-currency interest rate agreements, forward cross-             notes, and lease liabilities as hedges for accounting purposes
currency interest rate agreements, and foreign exchange forward            against the foreign exchange risk or interest rate risk associated
agreements (collectively, debt derivatives) to manage risks from           with specific issued and forecast debt instruments. Debt derivatives
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates associated       related to our US dollar-denominated credit facility and US CP
with our US dollar-denominated senior notes, debentures,                   borrowings have not been designated as hedges for accounting
subordinated notes, lease liabilities, credit facility borrowings, and     purposes.
US CP borrowings (see note 22). We typically designate the debt

Credit facilities and US CP
During 2025 and 2024, we entered and settled debt derivatives related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program as follows:

                                                                                                   Year ended                           Year ended
                                                                                             December 31, 2025                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Notional Exchange Notional        Notional Exchange Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                      (US$)       rate (Cdn$)           (US$)       rate (Cdn$)
Credit facilities
    Debt derivatives entered                                                         9,825      1.394     13,695         14,943      1.366    20,407
    Debt derivatives settled                                                        10,873      1.395     15,171         17,136      1.364    23,368
    Net cash (paid) received on settlement                                                                   (32)                                 87
US commercial paper program
    Debt derivatives entered                                                           517      1.410        729          2,008      1.374     2,758
    Debt derivatives settled                                                           831      1.414      1,175          1,807      1.371     2,478
    Net cash (paid) received on settlement                                                                    (1)                                 13




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.           |   136
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         In 2025, through the MLSE Transaction, we acquired an interest rate swap MLSE had entered into to convert the $300 million of
         borrowings outstanding under its non-revolving credit facility (see note 25) from a floating rate to a fixed rate of 3.55%. The interest rate
         swap matures concurrently with the maturity of the non-revolving credit facility in June 2028. The interest rate swap has been designated as
         a hedge for accounting purposes.

         As at December 31, 2025, we had no debt derivatives outstanding related to our credit facility borrowings and US CP program (2024 -
         US$1,048 million and US$314 million notional amount at average rates of $1.439/US$ and $1.423/US$, respectively).

         Senior notes and subordinated notes
         In 2025 and 2024, we entered into debt derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with the principal and interest
         components of the US dollar-denominated notes issued (see note 25). Below is a summary of the debt derivatives we entered to hedge
         notes issued during 2025 and 2024.

         (In millions of dollars, except for coupon and interest rates)                                 US$                            Hedging effect
                                                                        Principal/Notional                                 Fixed hedged (Cdn$)
         Effective date                                                     amount (US$)      Maturity date Coupon rate            interest rate 1 Equivalent (Cdn$)
         2025 issuances
             February 12, 2025                                                        1,100           2055        7.000%                5.440%               1,575
             February 12, 2025                                                        1,000           2055        7.125%                5.862%               1,432
         2024 issuances
             February 9, 2024                                                         1,250           2029        5.000%                4.735%               1,684
             February 9, 2024                                                         1,250           2034        5.300%                5.107%               1,683
         1   Converting from a fixed US$ coupon rate to a weighted average Cdn$ fixed rate.

         As at December 31, 2025, we had US$15,911 million (2024 -                            In July 2025, in connection with the offers to repurchase certain of
         US$17,250 million) in US dollar-denominated senior notes,                            our US dollar-denominated senior notes, we partially settled the
         debentures, and subordinated notes, of which all of the associated                   associated debt derivatives on the accepted senior notes. See
         foreign exchange risk had been hedged economically using debt                        note 25 for more information.
         derivatives, at an average rate of $1.287/US$ (December 31, 2024 -
                                                                                              In December 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal
         $1.272/US$).
                                                                                              amount of our US$700 million 3.625% senior notes and the
         In March 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal amount                     associated debt derivatives at maturity, resulting in $25 million
         of our US$1 billion 2.95% senior notes and the associated debt                       received on settlement of the associated debt derivatives.
         derivatives at maturity, resulting in $95 million received on
         settlement of the associated debt derivatives.

         Lease liabilities
         During 2025 and 2024, we entered and settled debt derivatives related to our outstanding lease liabilities as follows:

                                                                                                                      Year ended                      Year ended
                                                                                                                December 31, 2025               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                      Notional Exchange Notional     Notional Exchange Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                (US$)       rate (Cdn$)        (US$)       rate (Cdn$)

         Debt derivatives entered                                                                         241      1.378      332         271      1.369        371
         Debt derivatives settled                                                                         247      1.352      334         214      1.322        283

         As at December 31, 2025, we had US$410 million notional amount of debt derivatives outstanding related to our outstanding lease
         liabilities (2024 - US$416 million) with terms to maturity ranging from January 2026 to December 2028 (2024 - January 2025 to December
         2027), at an average rate of $1.365/US$ (2024 - $1.349/US$).




137   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
EXPENDITURE DERIVATIVES
We use foreign currency forward contracts and option contracts (expenditure derivatives) to manage the foreign exchange risk in our
operations, designating them as hedges for accounting purposes for certain of our forecast operational and capital expenditures. In 2025,
as a result of the MLSE Transaction, we acquired expenditure derivatives and other foreign exchange options that had previously been
entered into by MLSE. The other foreign exchange options are effective economic hedges against future US dollar-denominated
expenditures; however, they cannot be designated as hedges for accounting purposes. Changes in their fair values are recognized in
“change in fair value of derivative instruments” in “finance costs”.

The following table provides further details on our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts and options as at December 31, 2025
and 2024.

(in millions of dollars)              2025                               2024
Type of           Amount to Amount to pay       Amount to Amount to pay
hedge           receive (US$)     (Cdn$)      receive (US$)     (Cdn$)              Maturity   Hedged item

Cash flow                      —         —           1,200           1,605             2025     Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                  1,429     1,955             390             519             2026     Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                    609       826               —               —             2027     Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                     40        54               —               —             2028     Anticipated purchases
Cash flow                    305       397               —               —      2026 - 2039     Future Toronto Blue Jays player compensation
Economic                     216       285               —               —             2026     Anticipated purchases
Economic                     420       565               —               —             2027     Anticipated purchases
Economic                     205       275               —               —             2028     Anticipated purchases
Economic                      45        61               —               —             2029     Anticipated purchases


EQUITY DERIVATIVES                                                         exposures arising from the subsidiary equity investment but cannot
We have equity derivatives to hedge market price appreciation risk         be designated as hedges for accounting purposes. In 2025, we
associated with Class B Non-Voting Shares that have been granted           entered into subsidiary equity derivatives for US$4.85 billion
under our stock-based compensation programs (see note 29). The             ($6.7 billion) that mature in 2033. These subsidiary equity
equity derivatives have terms to maturity of one year, extendible for      derivatives convert an 8% US dollar-denominated cash flow into a
further one-year periods with the consent of the hedge                     Cdn$ rate of 7.16% until maturity on a quarterly basis. We initially
counterparties. The equity derivatives have not been designated as         entered into the subsidiary equity derivatives based on an
hedges for accounting purposes.                                            anticipated closing date. Between that time and the June 20
                                                                           closing date of the network transaction, we received net cash
As at December 31, 2025, we had equity derivatives outstanding             proceeds of $44 million as we extended the derivatives.
for 5.5 million (2024 - 6.0 million) Class B Non-Voting Shares with a      Subsequent to closing, net cash proceeds of $24 million were
weighted average price of $46.81 (2024 - $53.27).                          received.
In 2025, we settled 1.5 million equity derivatives at a weighted
average price of $35.32 resulting in a net payment of $22 million          FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
on settlement. We also reset the pricing on 2.3 million existing           The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
equity derivatives, resulting in a net payment of $38 million. We          receivable, bank advances, short-term borrowings, and accounts
executed extension agreements on all equity derivative contracts           payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values
under substantially the same commitment terms and conditions               because of the short-term natures of these financial instruments.
with revised expiry dates to April 2026 (from April 2025). Finally, we     The carrying values of our financing receivables also approximate
added 1.0 million equity derivatives at a weighted average price of        their fair values based on our recognition of an expected credit loss
$50.98.                                                                    allowance.
In 2024, we executed extension agreements for our equity                   We determine the fair value of our private investments by using
derivative contracts under substantially the same commitment               implied valuations from follow-on financing rounds, third-party sale
terms and conditions with revised expiry dates to April 2025 (from         negotiations, or market-based approaches. These are applied
April 2024) and the weighted average cost was adjusted to $53.27           appropriately to each investment depending on its future
per share.                                                                 operating and profitability prospects.

                                                                           The fair values of each of our public debt instruments are based on
SUBSIDIARY EQUITY DERIVATIVES
                                                                           the period-end estimated market yields, or period-end trading
We have entered into cross-currency interest rate exchange
                                                                           values, where available.
agreements to manage the foreign exchange risk of our subsidiary
equity investment (subsidiary equity derivatives). The subsidiary
equity derivatives economically hedge our US dollar-denominated




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   138
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         We determine the fair values of our debt derivatives, expenditure        Our disclosure of the three-level fair value hierarchy reflects the
         derivatives, and subsidiary equity derivatives using an estimated        significance of the inputs used in measuring fair value:
         credit-adjusted mark-to-market valuation by discounting cash flows       • financial assets and financial liabilities in Level 1 are valued by
         to the measurement date. In the case of derivatives in an asset             referring to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
         position, the credit adjustment for the financial institution               and liabilities;
         counterparty is deducted from the risk-free value to determine the       • financial assets and financial liabilities in Level 2 are valued using
         estimated credit-adjusted value for each derivative. For those              inputs based on observable market data, either directly or
         derivatives in a liability position, our credit adjustment is added to      indirectly, other than the quoted prices; and
         the risk-free value for each derivative.                                 • Level 3 valuations are based on inputs that are not based on
                                                                                     observable market data.
         The fair values of our equity derivatives are based on the
         period-end quoted market value of Class B Non-Voting Shares.             There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 during
                                                                                  the years ended December 31, 2025 or 2024.

         Below is a summary of the financial instruments carried at fair value.

                                                                                                                                      As at December 31
                                                                                              Carrying value Fair value (Level 2)      Fair value (Level 3)
         (In millions of dollars)                                                             2025      2024       2025       2024        2025       2024
         Financial assets
         Investments, measured at FVTOCI:
              Investments in private companies                                                  212      128            –         –        212        128
         Held-for-trading:
              Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                787    1,194        787      1,194             –         –
              Debt derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                        –        7          –          7             –         –
              Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                          20      132         20        132             –         –
              Equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                     37        –         37          –             –         –
              Subsidiary equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges                           1        –          1          –             –         –
         Total financial assets                                                               1,057    1,461        845      1,333         212        128
         Financial liabilities
         Long-term debt (including current portion)                                         37,058 41,896        36,523     39,765           –           –
         MLSE put liability                                                                  3,316      –             –          –       3,316           –
         Held-for-trading:
             Debt derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                                 645      842        645        842             –         –
             MLSE interest rate swap                                                              7        –          7          –             –         –
             Debt derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                         –        2          –          2             –         –
             Expenditure derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges                           28        –         28          –             –         –
             Expenditure derivatives not accounted for as hedges                                 17        –         17          –             –         –
             Equity derivatives not accounted as hedges                                           9       54          9         54             –         –
             Subsidiary equity derivatives not accounted for as hedges                           36        –         36          –             –         –
             Virtual power purchase agreement not accounted for as a hedge                        6       10          6         10             –         –
         Total financial liabilities                                                        41,122 42,804        37,271     40,673       3,316           –

         We did not have any non-derivative held-to-maturity financial assets during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.




139   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
SUPPLIER FINANCE ARRANGEMENTS                                             The following table presents additional information about the
We are enrolled in supplier finance arrangement programs with             carrying amounts of our accounts payable and accrued liabilities
two large financial institutions. The principal purpose of these          subject to our supplier finance arrangements.
arrangements is to enable willing suppliers to receive payments
from the financial institutions prior to invoice due dates. The                                                        As at             As at
payment terms for these arrangements are net 15 days from the             (In millions of dollars)        December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
invoice date. The range of payment due dates for trade payables           Presented within
that are not part of the arrangement are net 60 to 90 days from the         accounts payable and
invoice date. The payment terms for our liabilities due to the              accrued liabilities                         289                  273
financial institutions is 30 to 45 days. There are no extended                for which suppliers
payment terms, security, or guarantees provided under these                     have received
programs.                                                                       payment from the
                                                                                finance provider                        267                  264


NOTE 20: INVESTMENTS
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         Impairment in associates and joint ventures
Investments in private companies                                          At the end of each reporting period, we assess whether there is
We have elected to irrevocably classify our investments in the            objective evidence that impairment exists in our investments in
companies over which we do not have control or significant                associates and joint ventures. If objective evidence exists, we
influence as FVTOCI with no subsequent reclassification to net            compare the carrying amount of the investment to its recoverable
income because we do not hold these investments with the intent           amount and recognize the excess over the recoverable amount, if
of short-term trading. We account for them at fair value using            any, as a loss in net income.
implied valuations from follow-on financing rounds, third-party sale
negotiations, or market-based approaches.                                 ESTIMATES
                                                                          Prior to the MLSE Transaction closing, significant estimates were
Investments in associates and joint arrangements                          required in determining the fair value of our joint venture’s
An entity is an associate when we have significant influence over the     obligation to purchase at fair value the non-controlling interest in
entity’s financial and operating policies but do not control the          MLSE. After the MLSE Transaction closing, this obligation is
entity. We are generally presumed to have significant influence           recognized in our Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as
over an entity when we hold more than 20% of the voting power.            discussed in note 3.

A joint arrangement exists when there is a contractual agreement
that establishes joint control over activities and requires unanimous     INVESTMENTS BY TYPE
consent for strategic financial and operating decisions. We classify                                                          As at December 31
our interests in joint arrangements into one of two categories:
                                                                          (In millions of dollars)                               2025      2024
• joint ventures - when we have the rights to the net assets of the
  arrangement; and                                                        Investments in private companies, measured
• joint operations - when we have the rights to the assets and               at FVTOCI                                            212        128
  obligations for the liabilities related to the arrangement.             Investments, associates and joint ventures            1,079        487

We use the equity method to account for our investments in                Total investments                                     1,291        615
associates and joint ventures; we recognize our proportionate
interest in the assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses of our joint   INVESTMENTS, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
operations.                                                               We have (or had) interests in a number of associates and joint
We initially recognize our investments in associates and joint            ventures, some of which include:
ventures at cost and subsequently increase or decrease the
carrying amounts based on our share of each entity’s income or            Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment Limited (MLSE)
loss. Distributions we receive from these entities reduce the             Prior to the MLSE Transaction closing, we, along with BCE Inc. (Bell),
carrying amounts of our investments.                                      jointly owned an indirect net 75% equity interest in MLSE with our
                                                                          portion having represented a 37.5% equity interest in MLSE. Our
We eliminate unrealized gains and losses from our investments in          investment in MLSE was accounted for as a joint venture using the
associates or joint ventures against our investments, up to the           equity method until the MLSE Transaction closed.
amount of our interest in the entities.




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   140
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Glentel                                                                Below is a summary of financial information pertaining to our
         Glentel is a large, multicarrier mobile phone retailer with several    significant associates and joint ventures and our portions thereof.
         hundred Canadian wireless retail distribution outlets. We own a
         50% equity interest in Glentel, with the remaining 50% interest                                                   As at or years ended December 31
         owned by Bell. Our investment in Glentel is accounted for as a joint
                                                                                (In millions of dollars)                                  2025                   2024
         venture using the equity method.
                                                                                Current assets                                             599                    749
         Other                                                                  Long-term assets                                         2,332                  3,584
         As a result of the MLSE Transaction, we acquired the following         Current liabilities                                       (486)                (1,234)
         investment interests in associates, the values of which are included   Long-term liabilities                                     (307)                (3,395)
         in “Investments, associates and joint ventures” in the table above:    Total net assets                                         2,138                    (296)
         • a 46% ownership interest in Live Nation Ontario Concerts L.P., a
                                                                                Our share of net assets                                  1,060                     (99)
            corporation that presents, produces, and promotes music,
            comedy, family, and skating events in Ontario;                      Revenue                                                  2,837                  2,731
         • a 37.5% ownership interest in York Bremner Developments              Expenses                                                (2,719)                (3,473)
            Limited, a corporation that owns and operates Maple Leaf            Net income (loss)                                           118                   (742)
            Square, a mixed-use real estate development in Toronto,
            Ontario; and                                                        Our share of net income (loss)1                               50                  (376)
         • a 33.75% ownership interest in York Bremner Hotel Leaseholds         1   MLSE activity is included prior to July 1, 2025 when the MLSE Transaction closed and
            Limited, a corporation that owns and operates a boutique hotel          activity related to MLSE’s associates is included from July 1, 2025.
            located at Maple Leaf Square.


         NOTE 21: OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS
                                                            As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                 Note        2025      2024
         Pension asset                               27        217       183
         Long-term receivables                                 443       124
         Deferred player compensation                          473         –
         Deferred contract costs                      6        450       336
         Contract assets                              6        102        97
         Residual value return provision asset        6        158       162
         Long-term prepaid expenses                            161       106
         Other                                                  48        19
         Total other long-term assets                         2,052    1,027


         NOTE 22: SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                                            As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                              2025     2024
         Receivables securitization program                   2,000    2,000
         US commercial paper program (net of the
           discount on issuance)                                   –     452
         Non-revolving credit facility borrowings (net of
           the discount on issuance)                          2,000      507
         Total short-term borrowings                          4,000    2,959




141   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of the activity relating to our short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                        Year ended December 31, 2025                  Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                        Notional      Exchange       Notional         Notional      Exchange        Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                           (US$)            rate       (Cdn$)            (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)
Proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                                          400                                            800
Repayment of receivables securitization                                                                                   (400)                                          (400)

Net proceeds received from receivables securitization                                                                          –                                          400
Proceeds received from US commercial paper                                                    517          1.410           729            2,009          1.373          2,759
Repayment of US commercial paper                                                             (835)         1.413        (1,180)          (1,819)         1.371         (2,494)
Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial paper                                                             (451)                                           265
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (Cdn$) 1                                                          2,000                                              –
Proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities (US$) 1                             5,397           1.386         7,479            2,899          1.378          3,996
Repayment of non-revolving credit facilities (US$)                                        (5,749)          1.393        (8,007)          (2,547)         1.383         (3,523)
Net proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                                               1,472                                            473
Net proceeds received from short-term borrowings                                                                         1,021                                         1,138
1   Borrowings under our non-revolving facility matured and are (were, for the US$ facility) reissued regularly, such that until repaid, we maintain net outstanding borrowings
    equivalent to the then-current credit limit on the reissue dates.


RECEIVABLES SECURITIZATION PROGRAM                                                                                                          Years ended December 31
We participate in a receivables securitization program with a group                       (In millions of dollars)                                    2025              2024
of Canadian financial institutions that allows us to sell certain
receivables into the program. The maximum potential proceeds                              Receivables securitization program,
under the receivables securitization program is $2.4 billion.                               beginning of year                                        2,000             1,600
                                                                                          Net proceeds received from
                                                                                            receivables securitization                                      –             400
We continue to service and retain substantially all of the risks and
rewards relating to the receivables we sell, and therefore, the                           Receivables securitization program,
receivables remain recognized on our Consolidated Statements of                             end of year                                              2,000             2,000
Financial Position and the funding received is recognized as “short-
term borrowings”. The terms of our receivables securitization
                                                                                          US COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAM
program are committed until its expiry, which we extended in 2025
                                                                                          We have a US CP program that allows us to issue up to a maximum
to an expiration date of July 31, 2028. The buyers’ interests in these
                                                                                          aggregate principal amount of US$1.5 billion. Funds can be
trade receivables ranks ahead of our interest. The program restricts
                                                                                          borrowed under this program with terms to maturity ranging from
us from using the receivables as collateral. The buyers of our trade
                                                                                          1 to 397 days, subject to ongoing market conditions. Issuances
receivables have no claim on any of our other assets.
                                                                                          made under the US CP program are issued at a discount.
                                                                                          Borrowings under our US CP program are classified as “short-term
                                                             As at December 31            borrowings” on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position
(In millions of dollars)                                     2025              2024       when they are due within one year of the date of the financial
                                                                                          statements.
Receivables sold to buyer as security                       3,251              3,186
Short-term borrowings from buyer                           (2,000)            (2,000)
Overcollateralization                                       1,251              1,186




                                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                |   142
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Below is a summary of the activity relating to our US CP program for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                 Year ended December 31, 2025           Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Notional   Exchange     Notional       Notional    Exchange      Notional
         (In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                           (US$)         rate     (Cdn$)          (US$)          rate      (Cdn$)
         US commercial paper, beginning of year                                      314        1.439         452            113         1.327         150
         Net (repayment of) proceeds received from US commercial paper              (318)       1.418        (451)           190         1.395         265
         Discounts on issuance 1                                                       4          n/m           6             11         1.364          15
         Loss (gain) on foreign exchange 1                                                                     (7)                                      22
         US commercial paper, end of year                                               –            –            –          314         1.439         452
         n/m - not meaningful
         1 Included in “finance costs”.



         Concurrent with the US CP borrowings, we entered into debt                borrowed an additional US$184 million ($250 million) under the
         derivatives to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with the        facility, resulting in it being fully drawn. In April 2025, we repaid the
         principal and interest components of the borrowings under the US          outstanding balance of US$349 million ($500 million) and
         CP program (see note 19). We did not designate these debt                 terminated the facility. The related debt derivatives were also
         derivatives as hedges for accounting purposes.                            settled concurrently.

                                                                                   In July 2025, we entered into two non-revolving credit facilities with
         NON-REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITIES                                           an aggregate limit of $2 billion and borrowed $2 billion under
         In March 2024, we borrowed US$185 million ($250 million) under            these facilities maturing in July 2026.
         our $500 million non-revolving credit facility. In April 2024, we
         Below is a summary of the activity relating to our non-revolving credit facilities for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                                              Years ended December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                                                                                                     2025            2024

         Non-revolving credit facility, beginning of year                                                                              507               –
         Net proceeds received from non-revolving credit facilities                                                                  1,472             473
         Loss on foreign exchange 1                                                                                                     21              34
         Non-revolving credit facility, end of year                                                                                  2,000             507
         1   Included in “finance costs”.

         Concurrent with the US dollar-denominated credit facility                 of the borrowings (see note 19). These debt derivatives were not
         borrowings, we entered into debt derivatives to hedge the foreign         designated as hedges for accounting purposes.
         currency risk associated with the principal and interest components



         NOTE 23: OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                             As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                     Note     2025      2024
         MLSE put liability                              3     3,316        –
         Current portion of provisions                  24        19       22
         Current portion of derivative
           instruments                                  19        49       64
         Current portion of residual value
           return provision liability                    6       152      120
         Other                                                   295      276
         Total other current liabilities                       3,831      482




143   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
NOTE 24: PROVISIONS
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         benefits we expect to realize from it. We measure these provisions
Decommissioning and restoration costs                                     at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
We use network and other assets on leased premises in some of             terminating the contract or the expected cost of continuing with
our business activities. We expect to exit these premises in the          the contract. We recognize any impairment loss on the assets
future and we therefore make provisions for the costs associated          associated with the contract before we make the provision.
with decommissioning the assets and restoring the locations to
their original conditions when we have a legal or constructive            ESTIMATES
obligation to do so. We calculate these costs based on a current          We recognize a provision when a past event creates a legal or
estimate of the costs that will be incurred, project those costs into     constructive obligation that can be reasonably estimated and is
the future based on management’s best estimates of future trends          likely to result in an outflow of economic resources. We recognize a
in prices, inflation, and other factors, and discount them to their       provision even when the timing or amount of the obligation may
present value. We revise our forecasts when business conditions or        be uncertain, which can require us to use significant estimates.
technological requirements change.

When we recognize a decommissioning liability, we recognize a             PROVISIONS DETAILS
corresponding asset in “property, plant and equipment” (as
property, plant and equipment or a right-of-use asset, as applicable                                           Decommissioning
based on the underlying asset) and depreciate the asset based on          (In millions of dollars)                    liabilities    Other    Total
the corresponding asset’s useful life following our depreciation          January 1, 2025                                      65      17       82
policies for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets,       Additions                                            15       –       15
as applicable. We recognize the accretion of the liability as a           Usage                                               (11)      –      (11)
charge to “finance costs” on the Consolidated Statements of               Adjustments to existing
Income.                                                                     provisions                                         (7)      (5)    (12)

Restructuring                                                             December 31, 2025                                   62       12       74
We make provisions for restructuring when we have approved a              Current (recorded in “other
detailed and formal restructuring plan and either the restructuring         current liabilities”)                             13        6       19
has started or management has announced the plan’s main                   Long-term                                           49        6       55
features to the employees affected by it. Restructuring obligations
that have uncertain timing or amounts are recognized as
“provisions”; otherwise they are recognized as accrued liabilities. All   Decommissioning and restoration costs
charges are recognized in “restructuring, acquisition and other” on       Cash outflows associated with our decommissioning liabilities are
the Consolidated Statements of Income (see note 11).                      generally expected to occur at the decommissioning dates of the
                                                                          assets to which they relate, which are long-term in nature. The
                                                                          timing and extent of restoration work that will ultimately be
Onerous contracts
                                                                          required for these sites is uncertain.
We make provisions for onerous contracts when the unavoidable
costs of meeting our obligation under a contract exceed the




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   144
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 25: LONG-TERM DEBT

                                                                                                                                                           As at December 31
                                                                                                           Due           Principal         Interest
         (In millions of dollars, except interest rates)                      Par call date                date           amount               rate          2025            2024
         Bank credit facilities (Cdn$ portion)                                                                                            Floating            415               –
         Term loan facility                                                                                                               Floating              –           1,001
         Canada Infrastructure Bank credit facility                                                     2052                              1.000%              134              64
         Senior notes                                                                               Mar 2025           US 1,000           2.950%                –           1,439
         Senior notes                                                                               Apr 2025              1,250           3.100%                –           1,250
         Senior notes                                                                               Dec 2025           US 700             3.625%                –           1,007
         Senior notes                                                                   n/a         Sep 2026                500           5.650%              500             500
         Senior notes                                                            Aug 2026           Nov 2026           US 500             2.900%              686             718
         Senior notes 1                                                          Dec 2026           Mar 2027                300           3.800%              300             300
         Senior notes                                                             Jan 2027          Mar 2027              1,500           3.650%            1,500           1,500
         Senior notes                                                            Feb 2027           Mar 2027           US 1,300           3.200%            1,784           1,871
         Senior notes                                                            Aug 2028           Sep 2028              1,000           5.700%            1,000           1,000
         Senior notes 1                                                          Aug 2028           Nov 2028                500           4.400%              500             500
         Senior notes                                                             Jan 2029          Feb 2029           US 1,250           5.000%            1,716           1,799
         Senior notes                                                            Feb 2029           Apr 2029              1,000           3.750%            1,000           1,000
         Senior notes                                                            Feb 2029           May 2029                700           3.250%              700           1,000
         Senior notes 1                                                          Sep 2029           Dec 2029                159           3.300%              159             500
         Senior notes                                                              Jul 2030         Sep 2030                500           5.800%              500             500
         Senior notes 1                                                          Sep 2030           Dec 2030                210           2.900%              210             500
         Senior notes                                                            Dec 2031           Mar 2032           US 2,000           3.800%            2,745           2,878
         Senior notes                                                             Jan 2032          Apr 2032              1,000           4.250%            1,000           1,000
         Senior debentures 2                                                            n/a         May 2032           US 200             8.750%              275             288
         Senior notes                                                             Jun 2033          Sep 2033              1,000           5.900%            1,000           1,000
         Senior notes                                                            Nov 2033           Feb 2034           US 1,250           5.300%            1,716           1,799
         Senior notes                                                                   n/a         Aug 2038           US 350             7.500%              480             504
         Senior notes                                                                   n/a         Nov 2039                500           6.680%              500             500
         Senior notes 1                                                                 n/a         Nov 2039              1,450           6.750%            1,450           1,450
         Senior notes                                                            Feb 2040           Aug 2040                800           6.110%              800             800
         Senior notes                                                            Sep 2040           Mar 2041                400           6.560%              400             400
         Senior notes                                                            Sep 2041           Mar 2042           US 750             4.500%            1,029           1,079
         Senior notes                                                            Sep 2042           Mar 2043           US 382             4.500%              524             719
         Senior notes                                                            Apr 2043           Oct 2043           US 650             5.450%              892             935
         Senior notes                                                            Sep 2043           Mar 2044           US 752             5.000%            1,032           1,511
         Senior notes                                                            Aug 2047           Feb 2048           US 506             4.300%              694           1,079
         Senior notes                                                            Nov 2048           May 2049           US 630             4.350%              865           1,799
         Senior notes                                                            May 2049           Nov 2049           US 541             3.700%              743           1,439
         Senior notes 1                                                           Jun 2049          Dec 2049                 26           4.250%               26             300
         Senior notes                                                            Sep 2051           Mar 2052           US 2,000           4.550%            2,745           2,878
         Senior notes                                                            Oct 2051           Apr 2052              1,000           5.250%            1,000           1,000
         Subordinated notes 3                                                    Feb 2030           Apr 2055           US 1,100           7.000%            1,510               –
         Subordinated notes 3                                                    Feb 2035           Apr 2055           US 1,000           7.125%            1,373               –
         Subordinated notes 3                                                    Feb 2030           Apr 2055              1,000           5.625%            1,000               –
         Subordinated notes 3                                                    Dec 2026           Dec 2081              2,000           5.000%            2,000           2,000
         Subordinated notes 3                                                    Mar 2027           Mar 2082           US 750             5.250%            1,029           1,079
                                                                                                                                                           37,932          42,886
         Deferred transaction costs and discounts                                                                                                            (795)           (951)
         Deferred government grant liability                                                                                                                  (79)            (39)
         Less current portion                                                                                                                              (1,186)         (3,696)

         Total long-term debt                                                                                                                              35,872          38,200
         1 Senior notes originally issued by Shaw Communications Inc. which are unsecured obligations of RCI and for which RCCI was an unsecured guarantor as at December 31, 2025
           and 2024.
         2 Senior debentures originally issued by Rogers Cable Inc. which are unsecured obligations of RCI and for which RCCI was an unsecured guarantor as at December 31, 2025 and

           2024.
         3 The subordinated notes can be redeemed at par on the noted par call date or on any subsequent interest payment date.




145   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Each of the above senior notes and debentures are unsecured and,                            the foreign exchange risk associated with the principal and interest
as at December 31, 2025, were guaranteed by RCCI, ranking                                   components of all of our US dollar-denominated senior notes and
equally with all of RCI’s other senior notes, debentures, bank credit                       debentures (see note 19).
facilities, and letter of credit facilities. We use derivatives to hedge

The tables below summarize the activity relating to our long-term debt for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                Year ended December 31, 2025               Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                               Notional      Exchange        Notional      Notional      Exchange       Notional
(In millions of dollars, except exchange rates)                                                  (US$)            rate        (Cdn$)         (US$)            rate       (Cdn$)


Credit facility borrowings (Cdn$)                                                                                                216                                           64
Credit facility borrowings (US$)                                                                  1,325          1.367         1,811                –              –            –
Total credit facility borrowings                                                                                               2,027                                           64

Credit facility repayments (Cdn$)                                                                                                (30)                                            –
Credit facility repayments (US$)                                                                 (1,325)         1.361        (1,803)               –              –             –
Total credit facility repayments                                                                                              (1,833)                                            –
Net borrowings under credit facilities                                                                                            194                                          64

Term loan facility net borrowings (US$) 1                                                             1            n/m              6             8           n/m             18
Term loan facility net repayments (US$)                                                            (697)         1.380           (962)       (2,553)         1.352        (3,452)
Net repayments under term loan facility                                                                                          (956)                                    (3,434)

Senior note issuances (US$)                                                                             –               –             –       2,500          1.347         3,367
Total senior note issuances                                                                                                           –                                    3,367

Senior note repayments (Cdn$)                                                                                                 (2,397)                                     (1,100)
Senior note repayments (US$)                                                                     (3,112)         1.390        (4,326)               –              –           –
Total senior note repayments                                                                                                  (6,723)                                     (1,100)
Net (repayment) issuance of senior notes                                                                                      (6,723)                                      2,267

Subordinated note issuances (Cdn$)                                                                                             1,000                                             –
Subordinated note issuances (US$)                                                                 2,100          1.432         3,007                –              –             –
Total subordinated note issuances                                                                                              4,007                                             –

Net repayment of long-term debt                                                                                               (3,478)                                     (1,103)
1   Borrowings under our term loan facility mature and are reissued regularly, such that until repaid, we maintain net outstanding borrowings equivalent to the then-current credit
    limit on the reissue dates.




                                                                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                  |   146
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                     Years ended December 31       As at December 31, 2025, we had drawn $134 million on the credit
                                                                                   facility and have recognized a government grant liability of
         (In millions of dollars)             Note         2025           2024
                                                                                   $79 million related to this loan.
         Long-term debt, beginning of year               41,896         40,855
         Net (repayment) issuance of                                               The benefit of a below-market loan from a government entity is
           long-term debt                                 (3,478)        (1,103)   accounted for as a government grant and is equal to the difference
         Discount on principal amount of                                           between (i) the present value of the cash flows at the time of
           senior notes repurchased in                                             borrowing based on a market interest rate and (ii) the proceeds
           connection with tender offer                     (504)              –   received. We recognize the difference within “other current
         Increase in government grant                                              liabilities” (when the grant will be recognized within one year of the
           liability related to Canada                                             date of the financial statements) or “other long-term liabilities” on
           Infrastructure Bank facility                      (43)           (39)   our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. The liability is
         Long-term debt assumed through                                            subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
           the MLSE Transaction                              298             –     interest method. The interest expense on the liability will be
         (Gain) loss on foreign exchange                  (1,272)        2,094     represented by the accretion of the loan liability over time. The
         Deferred transaction costs                                                government grant will be recognized as a reduction of the interest
           derecognized (incurred)                            31            (52)   expense over the term of the loan.
         Amortization of deferred
                                                                                   In July 2025, to partially fund the MLSE Transaction, we borrowed
           transaction costs                                130            141
                                                                                   US$1.3 billion ($1.8 billion) under our revolving credit facility (which
         Long-term debt, end of year                     37,058         41,896     was subsequently repaid using the proceeds from the network
                                                                                   transaction) and US$1.5 billion ($2 billion) under two new $1 billion
         Current                                          1,186          3,696
                                                                                   non-revolving credit facilities that mature in July 2026 (the
         Long-term                                       35,872         38,200
                                                                                   borrowings under which are recognized within “short-term
         Long-term debt, end of year                     37,058         41,896     borrowings” on our consolidated statement of financial position).
                                                                                   Through the MLSE Transaction, we assumed MLSE’s revolving and
         WEIGHTED AVERAGE INTEREST RATE                                            non-revolving credit facilities. The revolving credit facility has a
         As at December 31, 2025, our effective weighted average interest          borrowing limit of $260 million and matures in June 2028. During
         rate on all debt and short-term borrowings, including the effect of       the year ended December 31, 2025, we borrowed $115 million
         all of the associated debt derivatives and interest rate derivatives,     under the MLSE revolving credit facility. The non-revolving credit
         was 4.78% (2024 - 4.61%).                                                 facility has a borrowing limit of $300 million, is fully drawn (reflected
                                                                                   in “Long-term debt assumed through the MLSE Transaction” in the
         BANK CREDIT AND LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITIES                               table above), and matures in June 2028. MLSE had entered into an
         Our $4.3 billion revolving credit facilities are available on a fully     interest rate swap to convert the floating interest rate on the
         revolving basis until maturity and there are no scheduled                 borrowings under the non- revolving credit facility to a fixed interest
         reductions prior to maturity. The interest rate charged on                rate (see note 19 for more information). Both of MLSE’s credit
         borrowings from the revolving credit facilities ranges from nil to        facilities are secured by a first charge on Scotiabank Arena and all
         1.25% per annum over the bank prime rate or base rate, or 0.85%           personal property of MLSE, subject to certain exceptions.
         to 2.25% over the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate
         (SOFR) or Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA).
                                                                                   SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED NOTES AND
         In April 2024, we amended our revolving credit facility to further        DEBENTURES
         extend the maturity date of the $3 billion tranche to April 2029,         We pay interest on all of our fixed-rate senior and subordinated
         from January 2028, and the $1 billion tranche to April 2027, from         notes and debentures on a semi-annual basis.
         January 2026.
                                                                                   We have the option to redeem each of our fixed-rate senior notes
         In September 2025, we amended the terms of our revolving credit           and debentures, in whole or in part, at any time, if we pay the
         facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date of the          premiums specified in the corresponding agreements.
         $3 billion tranche to September 2030, from April 2029, and the
         $1 billion tranche to September 2028, from April 2027.                    The US$1 billion subordinated note issued in February 2025 can
                                                                                   be redeemed at par on its ten-year anniversary or on any
         In February 2024, we used the proceeds from the issuance of               subsequent interest payment date. Each of our other subordinated
         US$2.5 billion of senior notes (see “Issuance of senior and               notes can be redeemed at par on their respective five-year
         subordinated notes and related debt derivatives” below) to repay          anniversary or on any subsequent interest payment date. The
         $3.4 billion of our $6 billion term loan facility. In June 2025, we       subordinated notes are unsecured and subordinated obligations
         repaid the $1 billion outstanding under the April 2026 tranche of         of RCI. Payment on these notes will, under certain circumstances,
         the term loan and terminated the facility.                                be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all of our senior
                                                                                   indebtedness, including our senior notes, debentures, and bank
         We have an $815 million senior unsecured non-revolving credit
                                                                                   credit facilities. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events
         facility with a fixed 1% interest rate with Canada Infrastructure Bank.
                                                                                   involving a bankruptcy or insolvency of RCI, the outstanding
         The credit facility can only be drawn upon to finance broadband
                                                                                   principal and interest of the subordinated notes due in 2081 and
         service expansion projects to underserved communities under the
                                                                                   2082 would automatically convert into preferred shares. The
         Universal Broadband Fund. In 2023, we amended the terms of the            subordinated notes issued in February 2025 do not contain a
         facility to, among other things, increase the limit from $665 million.    conversion feature.



147   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ISSUANCE OF SENIOR AND SUBORDINATED NOTES AND RELATED DEBT DERIVATIVES
Below is a summary of the senior and subordinated notes we issued in 2025 and 2024.

(In millions of dollars, except interest rates and discounts)                                                  Issue price            Transaction
                                                                                                               per $1,000 Total gross   costs and
                                                                                Principal                        principal proceeds 1 discounts 2
Date issued                                                                      amount Due date Interest rate    amount      (Cdn$)      (Cdn$)
2025 issuances
    February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                    US        1,100          2055           7.000%         1,000.00             1,575                21
    February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                    US        1,000          2055           7.125%         1,000.00             1,432                19
    February 12, 2025 (subordinated) 3                                              1,000          2055           5.625%           999.83             1,000                11

2024 issuances
    February 9, 2024 (senior)                                             US        1,250           2029          5.000%            997.14            1,684                20
    February 9, 2024 (senior)                                             US        1,250           2034          5.300%            991.19            1,683                30
1 Gross proceeds before transaction costs, discounts, and premiums.
2 Transaction costs, discounts, and premiums are included as deferred transaction costs and discounts in the carrying value of the long-term debt, and recognized in net income
  using the effective interest method.
3 Deferred transaction costs and discounts (if any) in the carrying value of the subordinated notes are recognized in net income using the effective interest method. The three

  issuances of subordinated notes due 2055 can be redeemed at par on February 15, 2030, February 15, 2035, and February 15, 2030, respectively, or on any subsequent interest
  payment date.


2025                                                                                     2024
In February 2025, we issued three tranches of subordinated notes,                        In February 2024, we issued senior notes with an aggregate
consisting of:                                                                           principal amount of US$2.5 billion, consisting of US$1.25 billion of
• US$1.1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 7.00% for the                        5.00% senior notes due 2029 and US$1.25 billion of 5.30% senior
   first five years;                                                                     notes due 2034. Concurrent with the issuance, we entered into
• US$1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 7.125% for the                         debt derivatives to convert all interest and principal payment
   first ten years; and                                                                  obligations to Canadian dollars. As a result, we received net
• $1 billion due 2055 with an initial coupon of 5.625% for the first                     proceeds of US$2.46 billion ($3.32 billion). We used the proceeds
   five years.                                                                           from this issuance to repay $3.4 billion of our term loan facility such
                                                                                         that only $1 billion remained outstanding under the April 2026
Concurrent with these US dollar-denominated issuances, we
                                                                                         tranche.
entered into debt derivatives to convert the interest and principal
payment obligations to Canadian dollars. We received net
proceeds of $4.0 billion from the issuances. We used the proceeds
to repay debt and to fund a portion of the MLSE Transaction.

REPAYMENT OF SENIOR NOTES AND RELATED DERIVATIVE SETTLEMENTS
2025                                                                                     debt derivatives. See note 19 for more information on the
In March 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of our                         settlement of debt derivatives. We recognized a gain on settlement
US$1 billion 2.95% senior notes and settled the associated debt                          of $151 million in “finance costs” as a result.
derivatives at maturity. As a result, we repaid $1,344 million,
                                                                                         In December 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of
including $95 million received on settlement of the associated
                                                                                         our US$700 million 3.625% senior notes and settled the associated
debt derivatives. In April 2025, we repaid the entire outstanding
                                                                                         debt derivatives at maturity. As a result we repaid $937 million,
principal of our $1.25 billion 3.10% senior notes at maturity. There
                                                                                         including $25 million received on settlement of the associated
were no derivatives associated with these senior notes.
                                                                                         debt derivatives.
In July 2025, we purchased $1,205 million principal amount of our
Canadian dollar-denominated senior notes and US$1,738 million                            2024
principal amount of our US dollar-denominated senior notes,                              In January 2024, we repaid the entire outstanding principal of our
paying the note holders $1,147 million and US$1,411 million,                             $500 million 4.35% senior notes at maturity. In March 2024, we
respectively, plus accrued interest, for the purchase of those senior                    repaid the entire outstanding principal of our $600 million 4.00%
notes. In connection with our purchase of the US dollar-                                 senior notes at maturity. There were no derivatives associated with
denominated senior notes, we also partially settled the associated                       these senior notes.




                                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                 |   148
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         PRINCIPAL REPAYMENTS                                                       TERMS AND CONDITIONS
         Below is a summary of the principal repayments on our long-term            As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, we were in compliance with all
         debt due in each of the next five years and thereafter as at               financial covenants and financial ratios in our long-term debt
         December 31, 2025. This reflects repayment of our subordinated             agreements. There were no financial leverage covenants in effect
         notes on their respective at-par redemption dates.                         other than those under our bank credit and letter of credit facilities.

                                                                                    The 8.75% debentures due in 2032 contain debt incurrence tests
         (In millions of dollars)
                                                                                    and restrictions on additional investments, sales of assets, and
         2026                                                             3,186     payment of dividends, all of which are suspended in the event the
         2027                                                             4,614     public debt securities are assigned investment-grade ratings by at
         2028                                                             1,915     least two of three specified credit rating agencies. As at
         2029                                                             3,575     December 31, 2025, these public debt securities were assigned an
         2030                                                             3,220     investment-grade rating by each of the specified credit rating
         Thereafter                                                      21,422     agencies and, accordingly, these restrictions have been suspended
                                                                                    as long as the investment-grade ratings are maintained. Our other
         Total long-term debt                                            37,932
                                                                                    senior notes do not have any of these restrictions, regardless of the
                                                                                    related credit ratings. The repayment dates of certain debt
                                                                                    agreements can also be accelerated if there is a change in control
                                                                                    of RCI.


         NOTE 26: OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

                                                             As at December 31
         (In millions of dollars)                     Note      2025       2024
         Derivative instruments                         19       699        845
         Contract liabilities                            6       273        282
         Supplemental executive retirement plan         27        93         93
         Stock-based compensation                       29        75         31
         Deferred player compensation                            408          8
         Deferred government grant liability            25        76         38
         Residual value return provision liability       6       158        162
         Other                                                   443        207
         Total other long-term liabilities                     2,225      1,666



         NOTE 27: POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                          The cost of pensions is actuarially determined and takes into
         Post-employment benefits – defined benefit pension plans                   account the following assumptions and methods for pension
         We offer contributory and non-contributory defined benefit                 accounting related to our defined benefit pension plans:
         pension plans that provide employees with a lifetime monthly               • expected rates of salary increases for calculating increases in
         pension on retirement.                                                       future benefits;
                                                                                    • mortality rates for calculating the life expectancy of plan
         We separately calculate our net obligation for each defined benefit          members; and
         pension plan by estimating the amount of future benefits                   • past service costs from plan amendments are immediately
         employees have earned in return for their service in the current and         expensed in net income.
         prior years and discounting those benefits to determine their
         present value.                                                             We recognize our net pension expense for our defined benefit
                                                                                    pension plans and contributions to defined contribution plans as
         We accrue our pension plan obligations as employees provide the            an employee benefit expense in “operating costs” on the
         services necessary to earn the pension. We use a discount rate based       Consolidated Statements of Income in the periods the employees
         on market yields on high-quality corporate bonds at the                    provide the related services.
         measurement date to calculate the accrued pension benefit
         obligation. Remeasurements of the accrued pension benefit                  Post-employment benefits – defined contribution pension plan
         obligation are determined at the end of the year and include               In 2016, we closed the defined benefit pension plans to new
         actuarial gains and losses, returns on plan assets in excess of interest   members and introduced a defined contribution pension plan. This
         income, and any change in the effect of the asset ceiling. These are       change did not impact current defined benefit members at the
         recognized in other comprehensive income and retained earnings.            time; any employee enrolled in any of the defined benefit pension
                                                                                    plans at that date continues to earn pension benefits and credited
                                                                                    service in their respective plan.



149   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We recognize a pension expense in relation to our contributions to       Sensitivity of key assumptions
the defined contribution pension plan when the employee                  In the sensitivity analysis shown below, we determine the defined
provides service to the Company.                                         benefit obligation for our funded plans using the same method used
                                                                         to calculate the defined benefit obligation we recognize on the
Termination benefits                                                     Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. We calculate
We recognize termination benefits as an expense when we are              sensitivity by changing one assumption while holding the others
committed to a formal detailed plan to terminate employment              constant. This leads to limitations in the analysis as the actual change
before the normal retirement date and it is not realistic that we will   in defined benefit obligation will likely be different from that shown in
withdraw it.                                                             the table, since it is likely that more than one assumption will change
                                                                         at a time, and that some assumptions are correlated.
ESTIMATES
                                                                                                                             Increase (decrease) in
Detailed below are the significant assumptions used in the actuarial
                                                                                                                        accrued benefit obligation
calculations used to determine the amount of the defined benefit
pension obligation and related expense.                                  (In millions of dollars)                             2025           2024
                                                                         Discount rate
Significant estimates are involved in determining pension-related
                                                                             Impact of 0.5% increase                          (168)           (174)
balances. Actuarial estimates are based on projections of                    Impact of 0.5% decrease                           189             197
employees’ compensation levels at the time of retirement.
Retirement benefits are primarily based on career average                Rate of future compensation increase
                                                                             Impact of 0.25% increase                            10             12
earnings, subject to certain adjustments. The most recent actuarial
                                                                             Impact of 0.25% decrease                           (10)           (12)
funding valuations were completed as at January 1, 2025.
                                                                         Mortality rate
Principal actuarial assumptions                                              Impact of 1 year increase                           36             36
                                                                             Impact of 1 year decrease                          (39)           (40)

                                              2025              2024
Weighted average of significant                                          POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS STRATEGY AND POLICY
 assumptions:                                                            We sponsor a number of contributory and non-contributory
                                                                         pension arrangements for employees, including defined benefit
Defined benefit obligation                                               and defined contributions plans. We do not provide any
    Discount rate                           5.1%               4.8%
                                                                         non-pension post-retirement benefits. We also provide unfunded
    Rate of compensation            2.0% to 7.5%,      2.0% to 7.5%,
                                                                         supplemental pension benefits to certain executives.
      increase                          based on           based on
                                    employee age      employee age       The Rogers Defined Benefit Pension Plan provides a defined
    Mortality rate                        95% of             95% of      pension based on years of service and earnings, with no increases
                                     CPM2014Priv       CPM2014Priv       in retirement for inflation. The plan was closed to new members in
                                       with Scale         with Scale
                                                                         2016. Participation in the plan was voluntary and enrolled
                                          CPM-B              CPM-B
                                                                         employees are required to make regular contributions into the
Pension expense                                                          plan. An unfunded supplemental pension plan is provided to
    Discount rate                           4.8%               4.6%      certain senior executives to provide benefits in excess of amounts
    Rate of compensation            2.0% to 7.5%,      2.0% to 7.5%,     that can be provided from the defined benefit pension plan under
      increase                          based on           based on      the Income Tax Act (Canada)‘s maximum pension limits.
                                    employee age      employee age
    Mortality rate                        95% of             95% of      We also sponsor smaller defined benefit pension plans in addition
                                     CPM2014Priv       CPM2014Priv       to the Rogers Defined Benefit Pension Plan. The Pension Plan for
                                       with Scale         with Scale     Employees of Rogers Communications Inc. and the Rogers
                                          CPM-B              CPM-B       Pension Plan for Selkirk Employees are closed legacy defined
                                                                         benefit pension plans. The Pension Plan for Certain Federally
                                                                         Regulated Employees of Rogers Cable Communications Inc. is
                                                                         similar to the main pension plan but only federally regulated
                                                                         employees from the Cable business were eligible to participate;
                                                                         this plan was closed to new members in 2016.
                                                                         In addition to the defined benefit pension plans, we provide various
                                                                         defined contribution plans to certain groups of employees of the
                                                                         Company and to employees hired after March 31, 2016 who choose
                                                                         to join. Additionally, we provide other tax-deferred savings
                                                                         arrangements, including a Group RRSP and a Group TFSA program,
                                                                         which are accounted for as deferred contribution arrangements.




                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.     |   150
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         The Pension Committee of the Board oversees the administration        POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLAN DETAILS
         of our registered pension plans, which includes the following         Below is a summary of the estimated present value of accrued plan
         principal areas:                                                      benefits and the estimated market value of the net assets available to
         • overseeing the funding, administration, communication, and          provide these benefits for our funded defined benefit pension plans.
            investment management of the plans;
         • selecting and monitoring the performance of all third parties
                                                                                                                                   As at December 31
            performing duties in respect of the plans, including audit,
            actuarial, and investment management services;                     (In millions of dollars)                               2025       2024
         • proposing, considering, and approving amendments to the
                                                                               Plan assets, at fair value                              2,514      2,385
            plans;
                                                                               Accrued benefit obligations                            (2,249)    (2,197)
         • proposing, considering, and approving amendments to the
            Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures;                   Surplus of plan assets over accrued benefit
         • reviewing management and actuarial reports prepared in                 obligations                                             265      188
            respect of the administration of the pension plans; and            Effect of asset ceiling limit                              (53)     (13)
         • reviewing and approving the audited financial statements of the     Net deferred pension asset                                 212      175
            pension plan funds.
                                                                               Consists of:
         The assets of the defined benefit pension plans are held in              Deferred pension asset                                  217      183
         segregated accounts that are isolated from our assets. They are          Deferred pension liability                               (5)      (8)
         invested and managed following all applicable regulations and the
                                                                               Net deferred pension asset                                 212      175
         Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures with the objective
         of having adequate funds to pay the benefits promised by the
                                                                               Below is a summary of our pension fund assets.
         plans. Investment and market return risk is managed by:
         • contracting professional investment managers to execute the
            investment strategy following the Statement of Investment                                                        Years ended December 31
            Policies and Procedures and regulatory requirements;               (In millions of dollars)                            2025          2024
         • specifying the kinds of investments that can be held in the plans
            and monitoring compliance;                                         Plan assets, beginning of year                     2,385          2,339
         • using asset allocation and diversification strategies; and          Interest income                                      117            110
         • purchasing annuities from time to time.                             Remeasurements, recognized in other
                                                                                  comprehensive income and equity                     26           101
         The defined benefit pension plans are registered with the Office of   Contributions by employees                             25            25
         the Superintendent of Financial Institutions and are subject to the
                                                                               Contributions by employer                               –             5
         Federal Pension Benefits Standards Act. Two of the defined
                                                                               Benefits paid                                         (41)          (51)
         contribution pension plans are registered with the Financial
                                                                               Impact of annuitization                                 –          (141)
         Services Regulatory Authority, subject to the Ontario Pension
                                                                               Plan assets acquired in MLSE
         Benefits Act. The plans are also registered with the Canada
         Revenue Agency and are subject to the Income Tax Act (Canada).           Transaction                                         5               –
         The benefits provided under the plans and the contributions to the    Administrative expenses paid from
         plans are funded and administered in accordance with all                 plan assets                                         (3)            (3)
         applicable legislation and regulations.                               Plan assets, end of year                           2,514          2,385
         The defined benefit pension plans are subject to certain risks
         related to contribution increases, inadequate plan surplus,           Below is a summary of the accrued benefit obligations arising from
         unfunded obligations, and market rates of return, which we            funded obligations.
         mitigate through the governance described above. Any significant
         changes to these items may affect our future cash flows.                                                            Years ended December 31
                                                                               (In millions of dollars)                            2025          2024
                                                                               Accrued benefit obligations,
                                                                                  beginning of year                               2,197          2,260
                                                                               Current service cost                                  74             86
                                                                               Past service cost                                     13              –
                                                                               Interest cost                                        107            102
                                                                               Benefits paid                                        (41)           (51)
                                                                               Impact of annuitization                                –           (140)
                                                                               Contributions by employees                            25             25
                                                                               Remeasurements, recognized in other
                                                                                  comprehensive income and equity                  (126)           (85)
                                                                               Accrued benefit obligations, end of
                                                                                 year                                             2,249          2,197




151   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Plan assets comprise mainly pooled funds that invest in common         PURCHASES OF ANNUITIES
stocks and bonds that are traded in an active market. Below is a       In July 2024, our defined benefit pension plans purchased
summary of the fair value of the total pension plan assets by major    approximately $147 million of annuities from insurance companies
category.                                                              for substantially all the retired members in the plans at that time.
                                                                       The aggregate premium for the annuities was funded by selling a
                                               As at December 31       corresponding amount of existing assets from the plans. The
                                                                       purchase of the annuities relieves us of primary responsibility for,
(In millions of dollars)                           2025      2024
                                                                       and eliminates risk associated with, the accrued benefit obligation
Equity securities                                   967      1,406     for the retired members. The annuity purchase required a
Debt securities                                   1,502        929     remeasurement of the pension plan assets and liabilities at the date
Cash                                                 45         50     of purchase. There was no significant impact to net income related
Total fair value of plan assets                   2,514      2,385     to the annuity purchases.


Below is a summary of our net pension expense. Net interest cost is    SUPPLEMENTAL DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN DETAILS
included in “finance costs”; other pension expenses are included in    We also provide supplemental unfunded defined benefit pensions
salaries and benefits expense in “operating costs” on the              to certain executives. Below is a summary of our accrued benefit
Consolidated Statements of Income.                                     obligations, pension expense included in employee salaries and
                                                                       benefits, net interest cost, remeasurements, and benefits paid.
                                       Years ended December 31
                                                                                                                    Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                      2025           2024
                                                                       (In millions of dollars)                             2025            2024
Plan cost:
     Current service cost                        74             86     Accrued benefit obligation,
     Past service cost                           13              –       beginning of year                                     93              94
     Net interest income                        (10)            (8)    Pension expense, recognized in
                                                                         employee salaries and benefits
     Net pension expense                         77             78       expense                                                3               4
     Administrative expense                       3              3     Net interest cost, recognized in
Total pension cost recognized in net                                     finance costs                                          5               3
  income                                         80             81     Remeasurement gain, recognized in
                                                                         other comprehensive income                            (3)             (1)
Net interest income, a component of the plan cost above, is            Benefits paid                                           (5)             (7)
included in “finance costs” and is outlined as follows:                Accrued benefit obligation, end of
                                                                         year                                                  93              93
                                       Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                      2025           2024
                                                                       DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
Interest income on plan assets                 (117)          (110)    We also have defined contribution plans with total pension
Interest cost on plan obligation                107            102     expense of $47 million in 2025 (2024 – $39 million), which is
                                                                       included in employee salaries and benefits expense.
Net interest income, recognized in
 finance costs                                  (10)             (8)
                                                                       ALLOCATION OF PLAN ASSETS
The remeasurement recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income is determined as follows:                                                                                        Target asset
                                                                                                          Allocation of plan assets
                                                                                                                                        allocation
                                                                                                                2025         2024     percentage
                                       Years ended December 31
                                                                       Equity securities:
(In millions of dollars)                      2025           2024          Domestic                             7.7%        12.2%      3% to 13%
Return on plan assets                                                      International                       30.8%        46.7%     27% to 37%
   (excluding interest income)                   26            101     Debt securities                         59.7%        39.0%     45% to 75%
                                                                       Other – cash                             1.8%         2.1%       0% to 5%
Change in financial assumptions                 119             70
Effect of experience adjustments                  7             15         Total                             100.0%        100.0%
Change in asset ceiling                         (40)           (10)
                                                                       Plan assets consist primarily of pooled funds that invest in common
Remeasurement gain, recognized in
                                                                       stocks and bonds. The pooled funds have investments in our equity
  other comprehensive income and
                                                                       securities. As a result, approximately $6 million (2024 – $6 million)
  equity                                        112            176
                                                                       of plan assets are indirectly invested in our own securities under our
                                                                       defined benefit plans.




                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.      |   152
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         We make contributions to the plans to secure the benefits of plan                           We estimate our 2026 employer contributions to our funded plans
         members and invest in permitted investments using the target                                to be nil. The actual value will depend on the results of the 2026
         ranges established by our Pension Committee, which reviews                                  actuarial funding valuations. The average duration of the defined
         actuarial assumptions on an annual basis.                                                   benefit obligation as at December 31, 2025 is 16 years
                                                                                                     (2024 – 17 years).
         Below is a summary of the actual contributions to the plans.
                                                                                                     Plan assets recognized an actual net gain of $140 million in 2025
                                                              Years ended December 31                (2024 – $209 million net gain).

         (In millions of dollars)                                      2025               2024
         Employer contribution                                             –                  5
         Employee contribution                                            25                 25
         Total contribution                                               25                 30


         NOTE 28: EQUITY
         CAPITAL STOCK
                                                                         Number of shares
         Share class                                                    authorized for issue         Features                                       Voting rights

         Preferred shares                                                        400,000,000         • Issuable in series, with rights              • None
                                                                                                       and terms of each series to be
                                                                                                       fixed by the Board prior to the
                                                                                                       issue of any series

         RCI Class A Voting Shares                                               112,474,388         • Without par value                            • Each share entitled to 50 votes
                                                                                                     • Each share can be converted
                                                                                                       into one Class B Non-Voting
                                                                                                       share

         RCI Class B Non-Voting Shares                                         1,400,000,000         • Without par value                            • None

         RCI’s Articles of Continuance under the Business Corporations Act                           In relation to our issuances of subordinated notes (see note 25), the
         (British Columbia) impose restrictions on the transfer, voting, and                         Board approved the creation of new Series I and Series II preferred
         issue of Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares to ensure                             shares, respectively. Series I has been authorized for up to
         we remain qualified to hold or obtain licences required to carry on                         3.3 million preferred shares and Series II has been authorized for
         certain of our business undertakings in Canada. We are authorized                           up to 1.4 million preferred shares. Both series have no voting rights,
         to refuse to register transfers of any of our shares to any person                          par values of $1,000 per share, and will be issued automatically
         who is not a Canadian, as defined in RCI’s Articles of Continuance,                         upon the occurrence of certain events involving a bankruptcy or
         in order to ensure Rogers remains qualified to hold the licences                            insolvency of RCI to holders of the respective subordinated notes.
         referred to above.

         DIVIDENDS
         We declared and paid the following dividends on our outstanding Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares:

                                                                                                                  Dividends paid (in millions of dollars)
                                                                                                                                                                    Number of Class B
                                                                                                                                     In Class B                            Non-Voting
                                                                                              Dividend per                          Non-Voting                          Shares issued
         Declaration date               Record date                 Payment date             share (dollars)       In cash              Shares             Total      (in thousands) 1
         January 29, 2025               March 10, 2025              April 2, 2025                        0.50          188                     81           269                     2,181
         April 22, 2025                 June 9, 2025                July 3, 2025                         0.50          270                      –           270                         –
         July 22, 2025                  September 8, 2025           October 3, 2025                      0.50          270                      –           270                         –
         October 22, 2025               December 8, 2025            January 2, 2026                      0.50          270                      –           270                         –
         January 31, 2024               March 11, 2024              April 3, 2024                        0.50          183                     83           266                     1,552
         April 23, 2024                 June 10, 2024               July 5, 2024                         0.50          185                     81           266                     1,651
         July 23, 2024                  September 9, 2024           October 3, 2024                      0.50          181                     86           267                     1,633
         October 23, 2024               December 9, 2024            January 3, 2025                      0.50          185                     84           269                     1,943
         1   Class B Non-Voting Shares were issued as partial settlement of our quarterly dividend payable on the payment date under the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP).




153   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We have a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) that allows eligible          Blackstone’s interest in BNSI for a cash purchase price based on the
holders of Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting Shares who are           lesser of a multiple of BNSI’s EBITDA (calculated in accordance with
residents of Canada and the United States to acquire additional           the BNSI shareholder agreement) and an amount necessary to
Class B Non-Voting Shares through reinvestment of the cash                provide Blackstone with an 8% annual rate of return, subject to a
dividends paid on their respective shareholdings. The plan permits,       pre-agreed floor and after considering distributions previously
at the Board’s discretion, a small discount from the five-day volume-     made to Blackstone. Blackstone does not have a right to require
weighted average market price when shares are issued from                 Rogers to repurchase or redeem its shares.
treasury under the plan. We have not issued shares from treasury in
                                                                          BNSI is the exclusive provider to Rogers of backhaul services for
settlement of dividends since the April 2, 2025 payment per the
                                                                          cellular data transmission in Ontario and Alberta, subject to certain
table above.
                                                                          exceptions. RCI has entered into a long-term backhaul services
The holders of Class A Shares are entitled to receive dividends at        agreement with BNSI (for an initial term of 25 years and subject to
the rate of up to five cents per share but only after dividends at the    renewal) under which it will pay fees to BNSI for cellular data
rate of five cents per share have been paid or set aside on the           transmission, subject to an annual minimum payment and periodic
Class B Non-Voting Shares. Class A Shares and Class B Non-Voting          price adjustments.
Shares therefore participate equally in dividends above $0.05 per
                                                                          During the first five years of Blackstone’s investment, subject to
share.
                                                                          approval of the BNSI board of directors, BNSI will have a
On January 28, 2026, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of           distribution policy to make quarterly pro rata cash distributions to
$0.50 per Class A Voting Share and Class B Non-Voting Share, to           Blackstone and RCCI of available cash in an amount that is
be paid on April 2, 2026, to shareholders of record on March 10,          intended to provide Blackstone with a 7% annual return on its US
2026.                                                                     dollar investment. If BNSI is current on its distribution policy, Rogers
                                                                          will be entitled to any excess cash above the target distribution
NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST                                                  threshold during this five-year period, which may be loaned to RCI.
On June 20, 2025, we sold a 49.9% equity interest, representing a         After the first five years of Blackstone’s investment, all distributions
20% voting interest, in a subsidiary (Backhaul Network Services Inc.,     of available cash by BNSI will be made on a pro rata basis to
or BNSI) that owns a portion of our wireless backhaul transport           Blackstone and RCCI. In 2025, BNSI paid $133 million in dividends
infrastructure to Blackstone for US$4.85 billion ($6.7 billion). We       to Blackstone.
control BNSI and have therefore included its results in our               We have entered into subsidiary equity derivatives in connection
consolidated financial statements. Provided our debt leverage ratio       with the network transaction (see note 19).
is not greater than 3.25x, at any time between the eighth and
twelfth anniversaries of closing, we will have the right to purchase


NOTE 29: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION
ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                         “operating costs” over the vesting period of the awards. If an
Stock option plans                                                        award’s fair value changes after it has been granted and before the
Cash-settled share appreciation rights (SARs) are attached to all         exercise date, we recognize the resulting changes in the liability
stock options granted under our employee stock option plan. This          within “operating costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as
feature allows the option holder to choose to receive a cash              applicable, in the year the change occurs. For RSUs, the payment
payment equal to the intrinsic value of the option (the amount by         amount is established as of the vesting date. For DSUs, the
which the market price of the Class B Non-Voting Share exceeds            payment amount is established as of the exercise date.
the exercise price of the option on the exercise date) instead of
exercising the option to acquire Class B Non-Voting Shares. We            Employee share accumulation plan
classify all outstanding stock options with cash settlement features      Employees voluntarily participate in the share accumulation plan by
as liabilities and carry them at their fair value, determined using the   contributing a specified percentage of their regular earnings. We
Black-Scholes option pricing model or a trinomial option pricing          match employee contributions up to a certain amount and
model, depending on the nature of the share-based award. We               recognize our contributions as a compensation expense in the year
remeasure the fair value of the liability each period and amortize it     we make them. Expenses relating to the employee share
to “operating costs” or “restructuring, acquisition and other”, as        accumulation plan are included in “operating costs”.
applicable, using graded vesting, either over the vesting period or
to the date an employee is eligible to retire (whichever is shorter).     Wealth+ program
                                                                          Certain employees voluntarily participate in a Wealth+ program,
Restricted share unit (RSU) and deferred share unit (DSU) plans           which allows them to exchange some or all of their annual cash
We recognize outstanding RSUs and DSUs as liabilities, measuring          bonus and receive RSUs. We match employee deferrals up to a
the liabilities and compensation costs based on the awards’ fair          certain amount. Expenses relating to the Wealth+ program are
values, which are based on the market price of the Class B                included in “operating costs”.
Non-Voting Shares, and recognizing them as charges to




                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.        |   154
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         ESTIMATES                                                                     The current portion of this is $114 million (2024 – $72 million) and
         Significant management estimates are used to determine the fair               is included in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities”. The long-
         value of stock options. The table below shows the weighted                    term portion of this is $75 million (2024 – $31 million) and is
         average fair value of stock options granted during 2025 and 2024              included in “other long-term liabilities” (see note 26).
         and the principal assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes
                                                                                       The total intrinsic value of vested liabilities, which is the difference
         model for granted options to determine their fair value at the grant
                                                                                       between the exercise price of the share-based awards and the
         date.
                                                                                       trading price of the Class B Non-Voting Shares for all vested share-
                                                                                       based awards, as at December 31, 2025 was $31 million
                                                     Years ended December 31
                                                                                       (2024 – $32 million).
                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                       We paid $40 million in 2025 (2024 – $70 million) to holders of
         Weighted average fair value                   $        4.99   $        8.08   stock options, RSUs, and DSUs upon exercise using the cash
         Risk-free interest rate                               3.0%            3.4%    settlement feature, representing a weighted average share price on
         Dividend yield                                        5.2%            3.6%    the date of exercise of $42.00 (2024 – $56.88).
         Volatility of Class B Non-Voting Shares             22.7%            24.2%
         Weighted average expected life                    5.5 years       5.4 years
                                                                                       STOCK OPTIONS
         Volatility has been estimated based on the actual trading statistics          Options to purchase our Class B Non-Voting Shares on a
         of our Class B Non-Voting Shares.                                             one-for-one basis may be granted to our employees, directors, and
                                                                                       officers by the Board or our Human Resources Committee. There
                                                                                       are 65 million options authorized under various plans; each option
         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE                                              has a term of seven to ten years. The vesting period is generally
         Below is a summary of our stock-based compensation expense,                   graded vesting over four years; however, the Human Resources
         which is included in employee salaries and benefits expense.                  Committee may adjust the vesting terms on the grant date. The
                                                                                       exercise price is typically equal to the fair market value of the
                                                     Years ended December 31           Class B Non-Voting Shares, determined as the five-day average
         (In millions of dollars)                           2025              2024     before the grant date as quoted on the TSX.

         Stock options                                         37               (58)
                                                                                       Performance options
         Restricted share units                                68                20
                                                                                       We did not grant performance-based options in 2025 (2024 – nil).
         Deferred share units                                  15               (10)
                                                                                       As at December 31, 2025, we had 2,583,435 performance options
         Equity derivative effect, net of interest
                                                                                       (2024 – 2,583,435) outstanding. The outstanding options that were
           receipt                                            (22)              102
                                                                                       granted prior to 2022 vest on a graded basis over four years
         Total stock-based compensation                                                provided certain targeted stock prices are met on or after each
           expense                                             98                54    anniversary date.

         As at December 31, 2025, we had a total liability recognized at its
         fair value of $189 million (2024 – $103 million) related to stock-
         based compensation, including stock options, RSUs, and DSUs.




155   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Summary of stock options
Below is a summary of the stock option plans, including performance options.

                                                             Year ended December 31, 2025                 Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                            Weighted average                             Weighted average
(In number of units, except prices)                  Number of options          exercise price     Number of options         exercise price
Outstanding, beginning of year                                9,707,847                 $63.89            10,593,645                $63.88
Granted                                                       2,687,103                 $40.37               353,105                $61.39
Exercised                                                             –                      –              (153,615)               $53.04
Forfeited                                                      (628,856)                $62.82            (1,085,288)               $64.44
Outstanding, end of year                                    11,766,094                  $58.58             9,707,847                $63.89
Exercisable, end of year                                      7,322,180                 $64.10             6,135,190                $63.69

Below is a summary of the range of exercise prices, the weighted average exercise price, and the weighted average remaining contractual
life as at December 31, 2025.

                                                    Options outstanding                                         Options exercisable
                                                              Weighted average
                                               Number      remaining contractual     Weighted average       Number       Weighted average
Range of exercise prices                    outstanding               life (years)       exercise price   exercisable        exercise price
$40.37 – $44.99                               2,687,103                      9.17                $40.37            –                     –
$45.00 – $49.99                                 119,082                      0.16                $49.95      119,082                $49.95
$55.00 – $59.99                               1,398,962                      4.32                $58.46    1,179,245                $58.46
$60.00 – $64.99                               2,300,957                      4.51                $62.27    1,735,323                $62.40
$65.00 – $69.99                               4,617,715                      6.04                $65.58    3,646,255                $65.63
$70.00 – $73.00                                 642,275                      3.16                $73.00      642,275                $73.00
                                            11,766,094                       6.03                $58.58    7,322,180                $64.10


Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as at                    Summary of RSUs
December 31, 2025 related to stock option plans was $12 million        Below is a summary of the RSUs outstanding, including
(2024 – $1 million) and will be recognized in net income within        performance RSUs.
periods of up to the next four years as the options vest.
                                                                                                               Years ended December 31
RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS                                                 (In number of units)                             2025          2024
The RSU plan allows employees, directors, and officers to
participate in the growth and development of Rogers. Under the         Outstanding, beginning of year            2,448,224       2,551,728
terms of the plan, RSUs are issued to the participant and the units    Granted and reinvested dividends          1,966,136       1,246,949
issued vest over a period of up to three years from the grant date.    Exercised                                  (790,423)       (943,096)
                                                                       Forfeited                                  (294,385)       (407,357)
On the vesting date, we redeem all of the participants’ RSUs in cash
or by issuing one Class B Non-Voting Share for each RSU. We have       Outstanding, end of year                  3,329,552       2,448,224
reserved 4,000,000 Class B Non-Voting Shares for issue under this
plan.                                                                  Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as at
                                                                       December 31, 2025 related to these RSUs was $54 million (2024 –
                                                                       $35 million) and will be recognized in net income over periods of
Performance RSUs
                                                                       up to the next three years as the RSUs vest.
We granted 319,896 performance-based RSUs to certain key
employees in 2025 (2024 – 378,296). For performance RSUs
granted prior to 2023, the number of units that vest and will be
paid three years from the grant date will be within 0% to 100% of
the initial number granted and reinvested dividends based upon
the achievement of certain annual targets.




                                                                                              2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   156
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         DEFERRED SHARE UNITS                                                      Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to
         The DSU plan allows directors, certain key executives, and other          granted DSUs as at December 31, 2025 was $10 million
         senior management to elect to receive certain types of                    (2024 – $5 million) and will be recognized in net income over the
         compensation in DSUs. Under the terms of the plan, DSUs are               next three years as the executive DSUs vest.
         issued to the participant and the units issued cliff vest over a period
         of up to three years from the grant date.                                 EMPLOYEE SHARE ACCUMULATION PLAN
                                                                                   Participation in the plan is voluntary. Employees can contribute up
         Performance DSUs                                                          to 15% of their regular earnings through payroll deductions (up to
         We granted 5,332 performance-based DSUs to certain key                    an annual maximum contribution of $25 thousand). The plan
         executives in 2025 (2024 – 6,157) through reinvested dividends. All       administrator purchases Class B Non-Voting Shares on a bi-weekly
         performance-based DSUs currently outstanding are fully vested.            basis on the open market on behalf of the employee. On a
                                                                                   bi-weekly basis, we make a contribution of 25% to 50% of the
         Summary of DSUs                                                           employee’s contribution that period and the plan administrator
         Below is a summary of the DSUs outstanding, including                     uses this amount to purchase additional shares on behalf of the
         performance DSUs.                                                         employee. We recognize our contributions made as a
                                                                                   compensation expense.
                                                   Years ended December 31         Compensation expense related to the employee share
         (In number of units)                             2025            2024     accumulation plan was $57 million in 2025 (2024 – $61 million).

         Outstanding, beginning of year                908,678         956,410
         Granted and reinvested dividends              243,438         231,590     EQUITY DERIVATIVES
         Exercised                                    (168,049)       (279,098)    We have entered into equity derivatives to hedge a portion of our
         Forfeited                                        (285)           (224)    stock-based compensation expense (see note 19) and recognized
                                                                                   a $22 million recovery (2024 – $102 million expense) in stock-based
         Outstanding, end of year                     983,782          908,678     compensation expense for these derivatives.


         NOTE 30: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

         CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER                                                   Compensation
         Voting control of Rogers Communications Inc. is held by the Rogers        Compensation expense for key management personnel included
         Control Trust (the Trust) for the benefit of successive generations of    in “employee salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation”
         the Rogers family and, as a result, the Trust is able to elect all        and “restructuring, acquisition and other” was as follows:
         members of the Board and to control the vote on most matters
         submitted to shareholders, whether through a shareholder meeting                                                            Years ended December 31
         or a written consent resolution. The beneficiaries of the Trust are a     (In millions of dollars)                                   2025              2024
         small group of individuals who are members of the Rogers family,
         some of whom are also directors of the Board. The trustee is the trust    Salaries and other short-term
         company subsidiary of a Canadian chartered bank.                            employee benefits                                           12                20
                                                                                   Post-employment benefits                                       2                 2
         We entered into certain transactions with private Rogers family           Stock-based compensation 1                                    35                34
         holding companies controlled by the Trust. These transactions
                                                                                   Total compensation                                            49                56
         were recognized at the amount agreed to by the related parties
         and are subject to the terms and conditions of formal agreements          1   Stock-based compensation does not include the effect of changes in fair value of
         approved by the Audit and Risk Committee. The totals received or              Class B Non-Voting Shares or equity derivatives.
         paid were less than $1 million for each of 2025 and 2024.                 In addition to the amounts included in “post-employment benefits”
                                                                                   in the table above, we assumed a liability of $102 million through
         TRANSACTIONS WITH KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL                                the Shaw Transaction related to a legacy pension arrangement with
         Key management personnel include the directors and our most               one of our directors whereby the director will be paid $1 million
         senior corporate officers, who are primarily responsible for              per month until March 2035, $12 million of which was paid in 2025
         planning, directing, and controlling our business activities.             (2024 – $12 million). The remaining liability of $83 million is
                                                                                   included in “accounts payable and accrued liabilities” (for the
                                                                                   amount to be paid within the next year) or “other long-term
                                                                                   liabilities”.




157   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Transactions                                                                Subsidiaries
We have entered into business transactions with Dream Unlimited             Under IFRS, certain summary financial information of BNSI is
Corp. (Dream), which is controlled by our Director Michael                  required to be disclosed (see note 28). Income and cash flow
J. Cooper. Dream is a real estate company that rents spaces in              activity in the table below reflects the period from June 20, 2025
office and residential buildings. Total amounts paid to this related        (the date the network transaction closed) to December 31, 2025.
party were nominal for each of 2025 and 2024.
On closing of the Shaw Transaction, we entered into an advisory                                                                             As at or
agreement with Brad Shaw in accordance with the arrangement                                                                             year ended
agreement, pursuant to which he was paid $20 million for a                                                                            December 31
two-year period following closing in exchange for performing                (In millions of dollars)                                           2025
certain services related to the transition and integration of Shaw, of
which $3 million was recognized in net income and paid during the           Current assets, including cash and cash
year ended December 31, 2025 (2024 – $10 million); the final                  equivalents of $0.4 billion                                       738
payment under this arrangement was made during the three                    Long-term assets, including intangible assets of
months ended March 31, 2025. This amount is included in “Salaries             $7.9 billion                                                  15,227
and other short-term employee benefits” in the table above. We              Current liabilities                                               (267)
have also entered into certain other transactions with the Shaw             Long-term liabilities                                              (16)
Family Group. Total amounts paid to the Shaw Family Group in
                                                                            Total net assets                                                15,682
2025 and 2024 were under $1 million.
                                                                            Revenue                                                             823
We recognize these transactions at the amount agreed to by the
                                                                            Expenses                                                            799
related parties, which are also reviewed by the Audit and Risk
Committee. The amounts owing for these services were unsecured,             Net income                                                           24
interest-free, and due for payment in cash within one month of the
date of the transaction.                                                    Net income attributable to RCI                                       12
                                                                            Net income attributable to non-controlling interest                  12

SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES, AND JOINT                                         Cash flows provided by operating activities                         618
ARRANGEMENTS                                                                Cash flows used in investing activities                          (6,642)
Our material operating subsidiaries, along with our relative                Cash flows provided by financing activities                       6,393
ownership percentages, as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were                Change in cash and cash equivalents                                 369
as follows. Each is incorporated in Canada and, with the exception
of MLSE, has the same reporting period for annual financial
statement reporting. MLSE’s fiscal year-end is June 30 to align with        Associates and joint arrangements
the end of the NHL and NBA seasons; financial information for               We carried out the following business transactions with our
MLSE has been prepared for the period ended December 31,                    associates and joint arrangements. MLSE activity is included prior to
2025.                                                                       July 1, 2025 when the MLSE Transaction closed and activity related
                                                                            to MLSE’s associates (see note 20) is included from July 1, 2025.
                                                Ownership Percentage
                              Jurisdiction of
                                                                                                                        Years ended December 31
Subsidiary                    Incorporation         2025           2024
                                                                            (In millions of dollars)                           2025            2024
Rogers Communications
  Canada Inc.                        Canada         100%          100%      Revenue                                              51              45
Rogers Media Inc.                    Canada         100%          100%      Purchases and lease payments                        174             231
Maple Leaf Sports &
  Entertainment Ltd.                 Canada        75.0%                     n/a 1 Outstanding balances at year-end are unsecured, interest-free, and
Backhaul Network                                                                   settled in cash.
  Services Inc.                         Canada          50.1%                n/a
1 MLSE was held through a joint venture prior to the MLSE Transaction closing on
                                                                                                                                As at December 31
 July 1, 2025.                                                              (In millions of dollars)                               2025        2024
When necessary, adjustments are made to conform the accounting              Accounts receivable                                      95         101
policies of the subsidiaries to those of RCI. As disclosed in note 28,      Accounts payable and other liabilities                  300         163
there is a contractual restriction on the transfer of cash between
BNSI and other group entities. Further, the MLSE minority holder
has certain protective rights related to the transfer of cash or other
assets held by MLSE to Rogers. There are no other significant
restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries, joint arrangements, and
associates to transfer funds to us as cash dividends or to repay
loans or advances, subject to the approval of other shareholders
where applicable.




                                                                                                       2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.    |   158
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         NOTE 31: GUARANTEES
         We had the following guarantees as at December 31, 2025 and                                PURCHASES AND DEVELOPMENT OF ASSETS
         2024 as part of our normal course of business:                                             As part of transactions involving purchases and development of
                                                                                                    assets, we may be required to pay counterparties for costs and
         BUSINESS SALE AND BUSINESS COMBINATION                                                     losses incurred as a result of breaches of representations and
         AGREEMENTS                                                                                 warranties, loss or damages to property, changes in laws and
         As part of transactions involving business dispositions, sales of                          regulations (including tax legislation), or litigation against the
         assets, or other business combinations, we may be required to pay                          counterparties.
         counterparties for costs and losses incurred as a result of breaches
         of representations and warranties, intellectual property right                             INDEMNIFICATIONS
         infringement, loss or damages to property, environmental liabilities,                      We indemnify our directors, officers, and employees against claims
         changes in laws and regulations (including tax legislation), litigation                    reasonably incurred and resulting from the performance of their
         against the counterparties, contingent liabilities of a disposed                           services to Rogers. We have liability insurance for our directors and
         business, or reassessments of previous tax filings of the corporation                      officers and those of our subsidiaries.
         that carries on the business.
                                                                                                    No amount has been accrued in the Consolidated Statements of
                                                                                                    Financial Position relating to these types of indemnifications or
         SALES OF SERVICES                                                                          guarantees as at December 31, 2025 or 2024. Historically, we have
         As part of transactions involving sales of services, we may be                             not made any significant payments under these indemnifications or
         required to make payments to counterparties as a result of                                 guarantees.
         breaches of representations and warranties, changes in laws and
         regulations (including tax legislation), or litigation against the
         counterparties.


         NOTE 32: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
         ACCOUNTING POLICY                                                                          JUDGMENTS
         Contingent liabilities are liabilities of uncertain timing or amount                       We are exposed to possible losses related to various claims and
         and are not recognized until we have a present obligation as a                             lawsuits against us for which the outcome is not yet known. We
         result of a past event, it is probable that we will experience an                          therefore make significant judgments in determining the
         outflow of resources embodying economic benefits to settle the                             probability of loss when we assess contingent liabilities.
         obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of
         the obligation.

         We disclose our contingent liabilities unless the possibility of an
         outflow of resources in settlement is remote.

         SUMMARY OF COMMITMENTS
         Below is a summary of the future minimum payments for our contractual commitments that are not recognized as liabilities as at
         December 31, 2025.

                                                                                        Less than 1
         (In millions of dollars)                                                              Year             1-3 Years            4-5 Years     After 5 Years    Total
         Player contracts 1                                                                      566                  811                    359            215     1,951
         Purchase obligations 2                                                                  910                  940                    481            995     3,326
         Program rights 3                                                                      1,157                2,118                  2,174          8,159    13,608
         Total commitments                                                                     2,633                3,869                  3,014          9,369    18,885
         1 Professional sports players’ salary contracts into which we have entered and are contractually obligated to pay.
         2 Contractual obligations under service, product, and wireless device contracts to which we have committed.
         3 Agreements into which we have entered to acquire broadcasting rights for periods in excess of one year at contract inception.




159   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Below is a summary of our other contractual commitments that are          Outcome of proceedings
not included in the table above.                                          We are involved in various disputes, governmental and/or
                                                                          regulatory inspections, investigations, and proceedings, and other
                                                  As at December 31       litigation matters. Such legal proceedings can be complex, costly,
                                                                          and highly disruptive to our business operations by diverting the
(In millions of dollars)                                         2025
                                                                          attention and energy of management and other key personnel. It is
Acquisition of property, plant and                                        not possible for us to predict the outcome of such legal
  equipment                                                     1,739     proceedings due to the various factors and uncertainties involved in
Acquisition of intangible assets                                  210     the legal process. Potential outcomes include judgment, awards,
                                                                          settlements, or orders that could have a material adverse effect on
Total other commitments                                         1,949     our business, reputation, financial condition and results. Legal
                                                                          proceedings could impose restraints on our current or future
On February 6, 2026, Innovation, Science and Economic                     manner of doing business. The amounts ultimately paid or received
Development Canada announced we had won 30 spectrum                       upon settlement or pursuant to a final judgment, order, or decree
licences in a residual spectrum licence auction, primarily in the         may differ materially from amounts accrued in our financial
3800 MHz band, for a total cost of $84 million. We made the first         statements.
payment of $17 million on February 20, 2026. Final payment of the
$67 million remaining balance will be due on March 20, 2026.              Based on information currently known to us, we believe it is not
                                                                          probable that the ultimate resolution of any of the current legal
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                                    proceedings to which we are subject, individually or in total, will
                                                                          have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results, or
Income taxes                                                              financial condition. If circumstances change and it becomes
We provide for income taxes based on all of the information that is       probable that we will be held liable for claims against us and such
currently available and believe that we have adequately provided          claim is estimable, we will recognize a provision during the period
for these items. The calculation of applicable taxes in many cases,       in which the change in probability occurs, which could be material
however, requires significant judgment (see note 14) in interpreting      to our Consolidated Statements of Income or Consolidated
tax rules and regulations. Our tax filings are subject to audits, which   Statements of Financial Position.
could materially change the amount of current and deferred
income tax assets and liabilities and provisions, and could, in
certain circumstances, result in the assessment of interest and
penalties.



NOTE 33: SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
CHANGE IN NET OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                            CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

                                          Years ended December 31                                                        Years ended December 31
(In millions of dollars)                          2025           2024     (In millions of dollars)              Note          2025         2024
Accounts receivable, excluding                                            Capital expenditures before
   financing receivables                          (540)           (396)     proceeds on disposition                           3,863        4,100
Financing receivables                             (115)           (318)   Proceeds on disposition                 8, 9         (156)         (59)
Contract assets                                     16               7
                                                                          Capital expenditures                                3,707        4,041
Inventories                                        102            (185)
Other current assets                               (64)            146
Accounts payable and accrued
   liabilities                                      (21)          (209)
Contract and other liabilities                       30             79
Total change in net operating assets
  and liabilities                                 (592)           (876)




                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.   |   160
         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




         Notes




161   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Glossary of Terms
NETWORK AND PRODUCT TERMS
3G (Third Generation Wireless): The third               bps (Bits per Second): A measurement of data                 interoperability from the headend to the CPE. The
generation of mobile phone standards and                transmission speed used for measuring the amount             latest version (DOCSIS 3.1) enables bonding of
technology. A key goal of 3G standards was to           of data that is transferred in a second between two          multiple channels to allow for download speeds up
enable mobile broadband data speeds above 384           telecommunications points or within network                  to 10 Gbps and upload speeds up to 2 Gbps,
Kbps. 3G networks enable network operators to           devices. Kbps (kilobits per second) is thousands of          depending upon how many channels are bonded
offer users a wider range of more advanced services     bps; Mbps (megabits per second) is millions of bps;          together. When DOCSIS 4.0 is available, it is
while achieving greater network capacity through        Gbps (gigabits per second) is billions of bps; and           expected to support higher speeds and have lower
improved spectral efficiency. Advanced services         Tbps (terabits per second) is trillions of bps.              latency.
include video and multimedia messaging and
broadband wireless data, all in a mobile                Broadband: Communications service that allows for            DSL (Digital Subscriber Line): A family of
environment.                                            the high-speed transmission of voice, data, and              broadband technologies that offers always-on, high-
                                                        video simultaneously at rates of 1.544 Mbps and              bandwidth (usually asymmetrical) transmission over
3.5G (Enhanced Third Generation Wireless):              above.                                                       an existing twisted-pair copper telephone line. DSL
Evolutionary upgrades to 3G services that provide                                                                    shares the same phone line as the telephone service
significantly enhanced broadband wireless data          Bundling: Refers to the coupling of independent              but uses a different part of the phone line’s
performance to enable multi-megabit data speeds.        products or services offered into one retail package.        bandwidth.
The key 3.5G technologies in North America are
HSPA and CDMA EV-DO.                                    BYOD (Bring Your Own Device): Refers to the                  Fibre Optics: A method for the transmission of
                                                        action that customers are able to sign up for wireless       information (voice, video, or data) in which light is
4G (Fourth Generation Wireless): A technology that      services on a personally purchased device, as                modulated and transmitted over hair-thin filaments
offers increased voice, video, and multimedia           opposed to the traditional means of acquiring one            of glass called fibre optic cables. The bandwidth
capabilities, a higher network capacity, improved       through a term contract.                                     capacity of fibre optic cable is much greater than
spectral efficiency, and high-speed data rates over                                                                  that of copper wire and light can travel relatively long
current 3G benchmarks. Also referred to as LTE.         Cable Telephony (Phone): The transmission of real-           distances through glass without the need for
                                                        time voice communications over a cable network.              amplification.
4.5G (Enhanced Fourth Generation Wireless):
Evolutionary upgrades to 4G services that enables       Churn: This business performance measure is used             Fixed Wireless (5G Home Internet): A network
two to three times the download speeds of 4G            to describe the disconnect rate of customers to a            access/delivery technology to deliver data and video
technology. 4.5G technology has been designed to        telecommunications service. It is a measure of               IP services to customers utilizing a wireless network
support virtual and augmented reality, 4K streaming,    customer turnover and is often at least partially            versus traditional DOCSIS or fibre optic networks.
and other emerging services.                            reflective of service quality and competitive intensity.
                                                        It is usually expressed as a percentage and                  FTTH (Fibre-to-the-Home)/FTTP
5G/5G+ (Fifth Generation Wireless): The fifth           calculated as the sum of the number of subscribers           (Fibre-to-the-Premise): Represents fibre optic cable
generation in mobile phone technology, which over       deactivating for each period divided by the sum of           that reaches the boundary of the home or premise,
time, will deliver faster speeds, instant response      the aggregate number of subscribers at the                   such as a box on the outside wall of a home or
times, and fast connections, fundamentally changing     beginning of each period.                                    business.
how we live and work. 5G/5G+ will be capable of
peak data rates up to 100 times faster than 4G LTE,                                                                  GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications):
                                                        CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange Carrier): A
all while supporting up to 10 million connections per                                                                A TDMA-based technology and a member of the
                                                        telecommunications provider company that
square kilometre — 10 times the capacity of 4G LTE.                                                                  “second generation” (2G) family of mobile protocols
                                                        competes with other, already established carriers,
                                                        generally the ILEC.                                          that is deployed widely around the world, especially
4K—Ultra-High Definition Video: Denotes a specific                                                                   at the 850, 900, 1800, and 1900 MHz frequency
television display resolution of 4096x2160 pixels.                                                                   bands.
1920x1080 resolution full-HD televisions present an     Cloud Computing: The ability to run a program or
image of around 2 megapixels, while the 4K              application on many connected computers
                                                        simultaneously as the software, data, and services           Hardware Upgrade (HUP): The act of an existing
generation of screens displays an 8 megapixel image.
                                                        reside in data centres.                                      wireless customer upgrading to a new wireless
                                                                                                                     device.
ARPA (Average Revenue per Account): This
business performance measure, expressed as a            CPE (Customer Premise Equipment):
dollar rate per month, is predominantly used in         Telecommunications hardware, such as a modem or              Hertz: A unit of frequency defined as one cycle per
wireless and cable industries to describe the revenue   set-top box, that is located at the home or business         second. It is commonly used to describe the speeds
generated per customer account per month. ARPA          of a customer.                                               at which electronics are driven in the radio industry.
is an indicator of a wireless and cable business’                                                                    MHz (megahertz) is millions of hertz; GHz (gigahertz)
operating performance.                                  CRTC (Canadian Radio-television and                          is billions of hertz; and THz (terahertz) is trillions of
                                                        Telecommunications Commission): The federal                  hertz.
ARPU (Average Revenue per User): This business          regulator for radio and television broadcasters and
performance measure, expressed as a dollar rate per     cable TV and telecommunications companies in                 High-Split Technology: A method of splitting
month, is predominantly used in the wireless and        Canada.                                                      bandwidth that further increases the frequencies
cable industries to describe the revenue generated                                                                   allocated to upstream data compared to mid-split,
per customer per month. ARPU is an indicator of a       Customer Relationships: This Cable metric refers to          while also expanding the overall spectrum,
wireless or cable business’ operating performance.      dwelling units where at least one of our Cable               significantly improving both upload and download
                                                        services is installed and operating and the service(s)       performance.
AWS (Advanced Wireless Services): The wireless          are billed accordingly. When there is more than one
telecommunications spectrum band that is used for       unit in one dwelling, such as an apartment building,         Homes Passed: Total number of homes that have
wireless voice, data, messaging services, and           each tenant with at least one of our Cable services is       the potential for being connected to a cable product
multimedia.                                             counted as an individual customer relationship,              in a defined geographic area.
                                                        whether the service is invoiced separately or
Bandwidth: Bandwidth can have two different             included in the tenant’s rent. Institutional units, like     Hosting (Web Hosting): The business of housing,
meanings: (1) a band or block of radio frequencies      hospitals or hotels, are each considered one                 serving, and maintaining files for one or more
measured in cycles per second, or Hertz; or (2) an      customer relationship.                                       websites or e-mail accounts. Using a hosting service
amount or unit of capacity in a telecommunications                                                                   allows many companies to share the cost of a high-
transmission network. In general, bandwidth is the      Data Centre: A facility used to house computer               speed Internet connection for serving files, as well as
available space to carry a signal. The greater the      systems and associated components, such as                   other Internet infrastructure and management costs.
bandwidth, the greater the information-carrying         telecommunications and storage systems. It
capacity.                                               generally includes redundant or backup power                 Hotspot: A Wi-Fi access point in a public place, such
                                                        supplies, redundant data communications                      as a café, train station, airport, commercial office
BDU (Broadcast Distribution Undertaking): An            connections, environmental controls (e.g., air               property, or conference centre.
undertaking for the reception of broadcasting and       conditioning, fire suppression), and security controls.
the retransmission thereof by radio waves or other                                                                   HSPA (High-Speed Packet Access): HSPA is an
means of telecommunication to more than one             DOCSIS (Data Over Cable Service Interface                    IP-based packet-data enhancement technology that
permanent or temporary residence or dwelling unit       Specification): A non-proprietary industry standard          provides high-speed broadband packet data
or to another such undertaking.                         developed by CableLabs that allows for equipment             services over 3G networks. HSPA+ provides high-




                                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                 |   162
         speed broadband packet data services at even faster         while also expanding the total spectrum available,        VoIP (Voice over IP): The technology used to
         speeds than HSPA over 4G networks.                          thereby enhancing both upload and download                transmit real-time voice conversations in data
                                                                     capacity.                                                 packets over a data network using IP. Such data
         Hybrid Fibre-Coaxial Network Architecture (HFC):                                                                      networks include telephone company networks,
         A technology in which fibre optic cable and coaxial         MVNO (Mobile Virtual Network Operator): A                 cable TV networks, wireless networks, corporate
         cable are used in different portions of a network to        wireless communications service provider that does        intranets, and the Internet.
         carry broadband content (such as video, voice, and          not own the wireless network infrastructure through
         data) from a distribution facility to a subscriber          which it provides services to its customers.              VoLTE (Voice over LTE): A platform to provide voice
         premise.                                                                                                              services to wireless customers over LTE wireless
                                                                     Near-net: Customer location(s) adjacent to network        networks. The LTE standard only supports packet
         ILEC (Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier): The                infrastructure allowing connectivity to the premises      switching, as it is all IP-based technology. Voice calls
         dominant telecommunications company providing               to be extended with relative ease.                        in GSM are circuit switched, so with the adoption of
         local telephone service in a given geographic area                                                                    LTE, carriers are required to re-engineer their voice
         when competition began. Typically, an ILEC is the           Off-net: Customer location(s) where network               call network, while providing continuity for traditional
         traditional phone company and the original local            infrastructure is not readily available, necessitating    circuit-switched networks on 2G and 3G networks.
         exchange carrier in a given market.                         the use of a third-party leased access for connectivity
                                                                     to the premises.                                          Wi-Fi: The commercial name for a networking
         IoT (Internet of Things): The concept of connecting                                                                   technology standard for wireless LANs that
         everyday objects and devices (e.g., appliances and          On-net: Customer location(s) where network                essentially provide the same connectivity as wired
         cellular phones) to the Internet and each other. This       infrastructure is in place to provide connectivity to     networks, but at lower speeds. Wi-Fi allows any user
         allows them to sense their environment and                  the premises without further builds or third-party        with a Wi-Fi-enabled device to connect to a wireless
         communicate between themselves, allowing for the            leases. An on-net customer can be readily                 access point.
         seamless flow of data.                                      provisioned.

         IP (Internet Protocol): The packet-based computer           OTT (Over-the-Top): Audio, visual, or alternative         SUSTAINABILITY AND SOCIAL
         network protocol that all machines on the Internet          media distributed via the Internet or other
         must know so they can communicate with one                  non-traditional media.                                    IMPACT TERMS
         another. IP is a set of data switching and routing
         rules that specify how information is cut up into           Penetration: The degree to which a product or             Carbon dioxide equivalent per petabyte of
         packets and how they are addressed for delivery             service has been sold into, or adopted by, the base       network traffic (tCO2e/PB): A sustainability metric
         between computers.                                          of potential customers or subscribers in a given          used to measure carbon intensity of data
                                                                     geographic area. This value is typically expressed as     transmission, expressed as metric tonnes of carbon
         IPTV (Internet Protocol Television): A system where         a percentage.                                             dioxide emitted (via electricity usage) for every
         a digital television signal is delivered using IP. Unlike                                                             petabyte of data transmitted, uploaded, or
         broadcasting, viewers receive only the stream of            Postpaid: A conventional method of payment for            downloaded across network infrastructure. A
         content they have requested (by surfing channels or         wireless service where a subscriber pays a fixed          decrease in tCO2e/PB indicates improved efficiency.
         ordering video on demand).                                  monthly fee for a significant portion of services.
                                                                     Usage (e.g. long distance) and overages are billed in     Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB):
         ISED Canada (Innovation, Science and Economic               arrears, subsequent to consuming the services.            A framework to create a workplace that is diverse,
         Development Canada): The Canadian federal                                                                             equitable, and inclusive allowing employees to feel
         government department responsible for, amongst              Prepaid: A method of payment for wireless service         like they belong and are valued, which helps
         other things, the regulation, management, and               that requires a subscriber to prepay for a set amount     increase engagement, productivity, and boost
         allocation of radio spectrum and establishing               of airtime or data usage in advance of actual usage.      innovation and morale.
         technical requirements for various wireless systems.        Generally, a subscriber’s prepaid account is debited
                                                                     at the time of usage so that actual usage cannot          GJ per petabyte of network traffic (GJ/PB): A
         ISP (Internet Service Provider): A provider of              exceed the prepaid amount until an additional             sustainability metric used to measure energy
         Internet access service to consumers and/or                 prepayment is made.                                       intensity, expressed as gigajoules of energy
         businesses.                                                                                                           consumed for every petabyte of data transmitted
                                                                     PVR (Personal Video Recorder): A consumer                 across a network. A decrease in GJ/PB indicates
         LAN (Local Area Network): A network created via             electronics device or application software that           improved energy efficiency.
         linked computers within a small area, such as a             records video in a digital format for future playback.
         single site or building.                                                                                              Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: The natural and
                                                                     Satellite: Video programming delivered by satellite       anthropogenic (human-caused) release into the
         Low-Split Technology: A method of splitting                 technology.                                               atmosphere of gases that absorb and re-emit
         bandwidth that allocates the lowest number of                                                                         infrared radiation. The primary GHGs in the Earth’s
         frequencies to upstream (upload) data while                 Satellite to Mobile (Rogers Satellite): A product         atmosphere are water vapour, carbon dioxide,
         maintaining the majority of the spectrum for                that allows a traditional smartphone to connect to        methane, nitrous oxide, and ozone. These are
         downstream traffic.                                         low Earth orbit satellites to provide mobile data         measured across three scopes: Scope 1 (direct),
                                                                     connectivity where traditional cell coverage is not       Scope 2 (indirect energy), and Scope 3 (value chain).
         LTE (Long-Term Evolution): A fourth generation              available.
         cellular wireless technology (also known as 4G) that                                                                  Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi): The global
         has evolved and enhanced the UMTS/HSPA+                     Set-Top Box: A standalone device that receives and        governing body that drives ambitious climate action
         mobile phone standards. LTE improves spectral               decodes programming so that it may be displayed           in the private sector by enabling organizations to set
         efficiency, lowers costs, improves services, and, most      on a television. Set-top boxes may be used to             science-based greenhouse gas emissions reduction
         importantly, allows for higher data rates. LTE              receive broadcast, cable, and satellite programming.      targets. SBTi assesses, measures, and approves
         technology is designed to deliver speeds up to 300                                                                    carbon reduction targets.
         Mbps.                                                       Spectrum: A term generally applied to
                                                                     electromagnetic radio frequencies used in the             United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
         LTE Advanced (LTE-A): A mobile communication                transmission of sound, data, and video. Various           (UNSDGs): A collection of 17 interlinked objectives
         standard that represents a major enhancement of             portions of spectrum are designated for use in            adopted by all UN Member States in 2015 as part of
         the LTE standard. With a peak data rate of 1 Gbps,          cellular service, television, FM radio, and satellite     the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
         LTE Advanced also offers faster switching between           transmissions.                                            They act as a universal call to action to end poverty,
         power states and improved performance at the cell                                                                     protect the planet, reduce inequality, and ensure
         edge.                                                       Subscription Video-on-Demand (SVOD): Refers to            peace and prosperity for all by 2030.
                                                                     a service that offers, for a monthly charge, access to
         Machine-to-Machine (M2M): The wireless inter-               specific programming with unlimited viewing on an
         connection of physical devices or objects that are          on-demand basis.
         seamlessly integrated into an information network to
         become active participants in business processes.           TPIA (Third-Party Internet Access): Wholesale high-
         Services are available to interact with these ‘smart        speed access services of large cable carriers that
         objects’ over the Internet, query, change their state,      enable independent service providers to offer retail
         and capture any information associated with them.           Internet services to their own end-users.

         Mid-Split Technology: A method of splitting                 Video-on-Demand (VOD): A cable service that
         bandwidth that increases the number of frequencies          allows a customer to select and view movies and
         dedicated to upstream data compared to low-split,           shows at any time from a library of titles.




163   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                          Canadian Wireless Telecommunications                       providers, and Internet companies, as well as
Helpful links                                             Association (CWTA)                                         organizations in adjacent industry sectors. In
                                                          The CWTA is the industry trade organization and            addition, more than 180 manufacturers and
Canadian Radio-Television and                             authority on wireless issues, developments, and            suppliers support the Association’s initiatives as
Telecommunications Commission (CRTC)                      trends in Canada. It represents wireless service           associate members. The GSMA works on projects
The CRTC is an independent public organization            providers as well as companies that develop and            and initiatives that address the collective interests of
that regulates and supervises the Canadian                produce products and services for the industry,            the mobile industry, and of mobile operators in
broadcasting and telecommunications systems. It           including handset and equipment manufacturers,             particular. www.gsma.com
reports to Parliament through the Minister of             content and application creators, and
Canadian Heritage. www.crtc.gc.ca                         business-to-business service providers.                    Commission for Complaints of Telecom-television
                                                          www.cwta.ca                                                Services (CCTS)
Innovation, Science and Economic Development                                                                         An independent organization dedicated to working
Canada (ISED Canada)                                      The Wireless Association (CTIA)                            with consumers and service providers to resolve
ISED Canada is a ministry of the federal government       The CTIA is an international non-profit membership         complaints about telephone, television, and Internet
whose mission is to foster a growing, competitive,        organization, founded in 1984, representing wireless       services. Its structure and mandate were approved
knowledge-based Canadian economy. It also works           carriers and their suppliers, as well as providers and     by the CRTC. www.ccts-cprst.ca
with Canadians throughout the economy and in all          manufacturers of wireless data services and
parts of the country to improve conditions for            products. The CTIA advocates on their behalf before
investment, improve Canada’s innovation                   all levels of government. www.ctia.org
performance, increase Canada’s share of global
trade, and build an efficient and competitive             GSM Association (GSMA)
marketplace. www.ic.gc.ca                                 The GSMA is a global trade association representing
                                                          nearly 800 operators with more than 300 companies
Federal Communications Commission (FCC)                   in the broader mobile ecosystem, including handset
The FCC is an independent United States                   and device makers, software companies, equipment
government agency. The FCC was established by
the Communications Act of 1934 and is charged
with regulating interstate and international
communications by radio, television, wire, satellite,
and cable. The FCC’s jurisdiction covers the 50
states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories.
www.fcc.gov




                                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC.                |   164
         Corporate and shareholder information
         CORPORATE OFFICES                                         STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS                                    COMMON STOCK TRADING AND
         Rogers Communications Inc.                                Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX):                              DIVIDEND INFORMATION
         333 Bloor Street East,
                                                                   RCI.A – Class A Voting shares                                                                         Dividends
         Toronto, ON M4W 1G9                                       (CUSIP # 775109101)                                                              Price RCI.B on TSX
                                                                                                                                                                         Declared
         416.935.7777                                              RCI.B – Class B Non-Voting shares                          2025                  High    Low    Close per Share
                                                                   (CUSIP # 775109200)
         CUSTOMER SERVICE AND                                                                                                 First Quarter      $44.89 $37.97 $38.43          $0.50
         PRODUCT INFORMATION                                       New York Stock Exchange (NYSE):                            Second Quarter     $40.55 $32.42 $40.39          $0.50
         888.764.3771 or rogers.com                                RCI – Class B Non-Voting shares                            Third Quarter      $50.00 $41.01 $54.38          $0.50
                                                                   (CUSIP # 775109200)                                        Fourth Quarter     $56.15 $47.94 $51.81          $0.50
         SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
         If you are a registered shareholder and have inquiries
         regarding your account, wish to change your name or                                                                  Shares Outstanding at December 31,
         address, or have questions about lost stock                                                                          2025
         certificates, share transfers, estate settlements or
         dividends, please contact our transfer agent and
                                                                                                                              Class A Voting                         111,152,011
         registrar, TSX Trust Company, at:                         DEBT SECURITIES                                            Class B Non-Voting                     429,073,267
                                                                   For details on Rogers’ public debt securities, please
         TSX Trust Company                                         refer to the “Bondholder Information” section under        2026 Expected Dividend Dates
         301 – 100 Adelaide Street West                            about.rogers.com/investor-relations.                       Record Date:                   Payment Date:
         Toronto, ON M5H 4H1, Canada
         416.682.3860 or 800.387.0825                              INDEPENDENT AUDITORS                                       March 10, 2026                 April 2, 2026
         shareholderinquiries@tmx.com                              KPMG LLP
                                                                                                                              June 9, 2026*                  July 6, 2026*
         Duplicate Mailings                                        ONLINE INFORMATION                                         September 8, 2026*             October 2, 2026*
         If you receive duplicate shareholder mailings from        Rogers is committed to open and full financial
         Rogers, please contact TSX Trust Company as                                                                          December 8, 2026*              January 5, 2027*
                                                                   disclosure and best practices in corporate
         detailed above to consolidate your accounts.              governance. We invite you to visit about.rogers.com/       * Subject to Board approval
                                                                   investor-relations where you will find additional
         INVESTOR RELATIONS                                        information about our business, including events and       Unless indicated otherwise, all dividends paid by
         Institutional investors, securities analysts and others   presentations, news releases, regulatory filings,          Rogers are designated as “eligible” dividends for the
         requiring additional financial information can visit      governance practices, corporate social responsibility      purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any
         about.rogers.com/investor-relations or contact us at:     and our continuous disclosure materials, including         similar provincial legislation.
         647.435.6470 or                                           quarterly financial releases, annual information forms,
                                                                   and management information circulars. You may also         DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN (DRIP)
         1.844.801.4792 (outside North America)                                                                               Rogers offers a convenient dividend reinvestment
                                                                   subscribe to our news by email or RSS feeds to
         or investor.relations@rci.rogers.com                      automatically receive Rogers’ news releases                program for eligible shareholders to acquire Class B
                                                                   electronically.                                            Non-Voting shares by reinvesting their cash dividends
         SUSTAINABILITY AND SOCIAL IMPACT                                                                                     without incurring brokerage fees or administration
         Through investing in youth, taking meaningful action      DIRECT DEPOSIT SERVICE                                     fees. For plan information and enrolment materials or
         to address climate change, and supporting economic        Shareholders may have dividends deposited directly         to learn more about Rogers’ DRIP, please visit https://
         empowerment, we’re doing our part to build a              into accounts held at financial institutions. To arrange   services.tsxtrust.com/InvestorServices/Search-
         stronger Canada. To learn more, please visit              direct deposit service, please contact TSX Trust           DRIP?lang=en or contact TSX Trust Company as
         about.rogers.com/our-impact.                              Company as detailed earlier on this page.                  detailed earlier on this page.

                                                                                                                              ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF
                                                                                                                              SHAREHOLDER MATERIALS
                                                                                                                              Registered shareholders can receive electronic notice
                                                                                                                              of financial reports and proxy materials by registering
                                                                                                                              at https://services.tsxtrust.com/edelivery. This
                                                                                                                              approach gets information to shareholders faster
                                                                                                                              than conventional mail and helps Rogers protect the
                                                                                                                              environment and reduce printing and postage costs.


                                                                                                                                      Facebook
          CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND OTHER RISKS                                                               facebook.com/rogers
          This annual report includes forward-looking statements about the financial condition and                                    X
          prospects of Rogers Communications that involve significant risks and uncertainties that are                                @rogers
          detailed in the “Risks and Uncertainties Affecting our Business” and “About Forward-Looking                                 LinkedIn
          Information” sections of the MD&A contained herein, which should be read in conjunction with                                linkedin.com/company/
          all sections of this annual report.                                                                                         rogers-communications




         Trademarks in this report are owned or used under license by Rogers Communications Inc. or an affiliate. This report also includes trademarks of other parties. The
         trademarks referred to in this report may be listed without the ™ symbols. © 2026 Rogers Communications




165   | ROGERS COMMUNICATIONS INC. 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
The best is yet to come
