Refining New Zealand
Annual Report 2019
                                                           01




RIGHT FOR
               Our job is to be right for New Zealand,
               now and in the future.

               Our refining infrastructure and related
               assets – jetties, storage tanks and the




NEW ZEALAND.
               Refinery to Auckland Pipeline (RAP)
               – are critical to the supply of transport
               fuels throughout the country.

               Seventy per cent of the transport fuels
               consumed in New Zealand are produced
               at the Refinery. Thirty eight per cent
               of the country’s fuel storage is at our
               Marsden Point site. The RAP is the most
               cost-effective and environmentally
               responsible means of distributing fuels
               to Auckland.

               The technical capability and
               commitment of our people underpin
               our operations and provide value-add
               opportunities to the benefit of our many
               stakeholders.

               We will continue to do what we do 24
               hours a day, seven days a week – and
               we see an opportunity to evolve our
               infrastructure and refining assets to
               meet the need for lower carbon fuels
               of the future.
02   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                 03




                                                Contents
                                                01    Right for New Zealand
                                                05    Right for Travel
                                                06    Right for Transport
                                                08    Right for Industry
                                                11    Right for Northland
                                                13    Right for New Zealanders
                                                14    Who we are / Highlights
                                                16    Chairman and Managing Director’s Report
                                                22    Right Infrastructure
                                                23    History of Investment
                                                24    Right Focus
                                                26    How we create value
                                                28    Stakeholder Engagement and Material Issues
                                                30    Our Performance Against Key Material Issues
                                                30    - Personal & Process Safety
                                                33    - Emissions & Climate Change
                                                36    - Quality & Reliability

      Directors’ Statement                      39    - Culture & Diversity
                                                42    Board of Directors
      The Directors are pleased to present      43    Leadership Team
      The New Zealand Refining Company          44    Governance at Refining NZ
      Limited’s Annual Report and Financial     46    Remuneration & People Report
      Statements for the year ended             50    Our People
      31 December 2019. The Annual Report       52    Financial Commentary
      of The Zealand Refining Company Limited   53    Statutory Disclosures
      is signed on behalf of the Board by:      54    Shareholder & Bondholder Information
                                                56    The Numbers
                                                114   Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                118   Trend Statement
                                                119   Glossary
                                                120   GRI Index
      S C Allen                  J B Miller
      Chair                      Chair, ARFC    122   Corporate Directory
      20 March 2020                             122   Financial Calendar
04   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                         05




                                      New Zealand is a nation of travellers. We visit
                                      each other, we visit places far away, and we
                                      are visited. Tourism is one of the driving forces
                                      in our economy.
                                      Jet fuel from the Refinery powers the aviation
                                      sector that makes tourism possible. Four
                                      million litres of jet fuel per day flow through the
                                      RAP and onto Auckland International Airport.
                                      That’s enough to power 470 A320 journeys
                                      from Auckland to Sydney.
                                      We have continued to invest in increasing the
                                      capacity of the RAP in time to meet growing
                                      demand. Since 2017 our upgrade projects
                                      have lifted capacity by more than 10 per cent
                                      and we have identified further opportunities
                                      to increase capacity in the future.
                                      Over the longer term, it is expected that
                                      demand for jet fuel will continue to grow
                                      strongly as tourism and the economy grow.
                                      Auckland International Airport has forecast
                                      a near-doubling of passenger numbers to
                                      40 million (260,000 flights) by 2040.




                                           ENOUGH JET FUEL
                                               TO FILL


                                           70,000
                                           A320S EACH YEAR




                                      RIGHT FOR
                                      TRAVEL.
06    REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019               07




New Zealanders rely on safe, efficient and
economic transport for the goods and services
that sustain us.
Much of the country’s demand for transport
fuels is met by products made at our Refinery
with longhaul trucking particularly dependent
on our high quality diesel. Diesel is used at
a rate equivalent to one truck filling every
seven seconds.
The current mix of transport fuels will meet
the majority of New Zealand’s transport
needs in the foreseeable future. As transport
and fuel technologies evolve it will likely
be complemented by lower-carbon alternatives
including electric power, hydrogen and biofuels.
With our deep capability and existing
infrastructure we can play a crucial role
as New Zealand transitions to a lower-
carbon economy.




     ENOUGH DIESEL TO
      FILL MORE THAN


        4.5M
     TRUCKS EACH YEAR




RIGHT FOR
TRANSPORT.
08    REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019               09




Businesses of every kind depend on fuel
from our Refinery to enable them to serve their
customers. They can do their jobs only if we
do ours – providing a continuous, reliable and
safe supply of high-quality fuel products for
distribution throughout the country.
Sustaining our performance at this level
means operating to exacting standards every
minute of every day. We keep an eye to the
future and are always looking to improve, by
tapping into the knowledge of our teams and
working in collaboration with our customers.
In infrastructure, our bitumen supports the
maintenance of 60,000 km of roads each
year – in and around major centres, on country
roads across New Zealand, and on roads of
national significance.
In agriculture, sulphur extracted from crude oil
during the refining process is a vital feedstock
in the production of crop fertilisers that
maximise pasture growth.
In a world of growth and change, our reliability
and safety, based on a deeply embedded
culture of operational excellence, will become
more important than ever.




       OUR BITUMEN
       SUPPORTS THE
      MAINTENANCE OF


  60,000KMS
        OF NZ ROADS
         EACH YEAR




RIGHT FOR
INDUSTRY.
10   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                        11




                                      Refining NZ is a Northland success story.
                                      Our refining and distribution business is
                                      a significant employer, with around 1,100
                                      Northland jobs and 2,400 specialist jobs across
                                      the country relying on work from Marsden
                                      Point. In total, we have $1.4 billion invested in
                                      our physical and other assets and contribute
                                      6.5 per cent to Northland’s GDP.
                                      It’s not just about the numbers. Our people
                                      understand that the Refinery’s future depends
                                      on world-class performance. They apply a
                                      broad range of technical, professional and
                                      life skills every day. Their achievements, and the
                                      standards they keep, create value both at work
                                      and in the community.
                                      Most of our people are Northlanders. We are
                                      part of the community – at work, at home
                                      and through the Company’s responsible
                                      engagement with Iwi and hapu, local
                                      authorities, businesses, schools, sporting
                                      groups and other interest groups. Playing
                                      our part in Northland’s future is a powerful
                                      motivating force.




                                          6.5%
                                            OF NORTHLAND’S
                                                 GDP^




                                      RIGHT FOR
                                      NORTHLAND.
                                      ^ www.infometrics.co.nz
12   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                         13




                                      The need for New Zealand to refine its own
                                      transport fuels, ensuring access to a reliable
                                      and high-quality supply of affordable fuels, was
                                      realised in the 1950s. More than 60 years later,
                                      and with a wealth of experience and technical
                                      know-how under our belts, the need is as
                                      strong as ever.
                                      We work closely with our customers to ensure
                                      the petrol, diesel and jet fuel we make helps
                                      keep you moving – as you go to work, head out
                                      for the weekend or jet away.
                                      We’ve also made substantial investments in
                                      our refining and distribution assets to make
                                      our fuels cleaner, lighten our environmental
                                      footprint and meet demand as the population
                                      of Auckland and the rest of the country
                                      continues to grow.
                                      As proud Kiwis we are conscious of the need
                                      to transition to lower-carbon fuels that are
                                      better for our environment. With our capability
                                      in refining and our track record of reducing
                                      emissions, we are well placed to contribute to
                                      the supply of sustainable fuels for a low-carbon
                                      economy. That transition is coming. Managing
                                      it is the right thing to do for all New Zealanders.




                                            61,000
                                          TRUCK MOVEMENTS
                                          REDUCED WITH THE
                                          USE OF THE PIPELINE
                                            TO AUCKLAND




                                      RIGHT FOR
                                      NEW ZEALANDERS.
14   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                              15




     WHO WE ARE                                                                                     HIGHLIGHTS                                                       Gross Refining Margin (GRM)


     Our infrastructure assets based
     around our Refinery at Marsden
     Point, form the backbone of the
                                                     ~   42M
                                                   BARRELS
                                                                                                                                                                     5.34   (2018: 6.31USD)
                                                                                                                                                                                              USD per Barrel

     New Zealand transport fuels                     CRUDE OIL
                                                   IMPORTED TO
     supply chain. The quality fuels                REFINING NZ
     we produce keep New Zealand                                                                            Jet fuel produced                                        Refinery throughput



                                                                                                            1.7B                                                     42.7m
     and New Zealanders moving.

                                                                                                                                        Litres                                                         Barrels
                                            REFINED TO MULTIPLE PRODUCTS                                                (2018: 1.4B)                                                  (2018: 40.4m)
                                                  AT MARSDEN POINT
                                                6.5B LITRES
                                                 ANNUAL OUTPUT


                                                                                                            Diesel produced                                          RAP throughput
                            48%                                                 52%
                  DISTRIBUTED BY LAND
                        AND SEA
                                                                   DISTRIBUTED THROUGH OUR
                                                                  170KM PIPELINE TO AUCKLAND
                                                                  INTO STORAGE TANKS AT WIRI                2.3B            (2018: 2.0B)
                                                                                                                                            Litres                   20.8m             (2018: 21.0m)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Barrels

                                                                                38%
                                                                           OF NZ FUEL STORAGE
                                                                               LOCATED AT
                                                                            MARSDEN POINT                   Petrol produced                                          EBITDA^



                                                                                                            1.9B         (2018: 1.8B)
                                                                                                                                        Litres                       $118m             (2018: $153m)
                    HEAVY INDUSTRY                                                AIR TRAVEL


                                              SUPPLYING                                                     TRCFR*^                                                  NPAT


                   FREIGHT
                                           70%
                                         OF NEW ZEALAND’S
                                                                                        PERSONAL
                                                                                        TRANSPORT
                                                                                                            0.27         (2018: 0.76)
                                                                                                                                                                     $ 4.2m         (2018: $29.6m)



                                             FUEL NEEDS
                                                                                                            LTIFR^                                                   Free Cash Flows^
                                 ROADS


                                          AGRICULTURE FERTILISER
                                                                                 CO2                        0.13        (2018: 0.48)
                                                                                                                                                                     $ 39.4m               (2018: ($58m))


                                                                                                            * per 200,000 hours, rolling 12 month
                                                                                                            ^ For a full definition, refer to glossary on page 119
16   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                           17




     RIGHT
     NOW
     CHAIRMAN AND
                                      We’re refining our business
                                      to meet the future need for
                                      transport fuels.

                                      The year in review was one in which the Company’s excellent
                                      operational performance was not matched by its financial
                                                                                                                 role in shaping the future of New Zealand’s transport
                                                                                                                 fuels, and enabling the country to meet its climate change
                                      results, with a Net Profit after Tax (NPAT) of $4.2 million,               obligations into the future.

     MANAGING DIRECTOR’S              (2018: $29.6 million) reflecting the extreme volatility in the
                                      global refining sector and cost pressures on the Company.
                                                                                                                 We have advanced several projects to deliver operational
                                                                                                                 efficiencies and enhance margins, with the long-term aim

     REPORT                           While disappointing in the short term, we expect that
                                      strong gains in our operational performance, track record
                                      of investment in key infrastructure assets and actions to
                                                                                                                 being to lift our competitiveness and returns to shareholders.
                                                                                                                 The Company is also continuing with preparations for a
                                                                                                                 $37 million solar farm adjacent to the Refinery, noting that
                                      reduce costs and improve revenue, should allow us to                       the project has to be submitted to the Refining NZ Board
                                      take advantage of market conditions when they improve.                     for final approval.
                                      Market factors combined to drive refining margins down
                                                                                                                 Health, safety and wellbeing
                                      in the final months of the year. The impact of low margins
                                      on the Company was exacerbated by the $3.8 million impact                  Our personal and process safety performance in 2019 was
                                      of the Transpower outage in November, electricity and gas                  outstanding. Health, safety and wellbeing are core values
                                      price increases and one-off expenditure, including the costs               for the Company. Continuing to improve our performance
                                      related to the Government pipeline Inquiry.                                ensures that our people and our Refinery remain safe
                                                                                                                 at all times, while the impact of our operations on our
                                      In 2019 our operational performance was excellent, with very
                                                                                                                 environment and our community is minimised.
                                      high availability of our processing units and new records being
                                      set on crude intake and production. To a significant extent,               In 2019 the lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) was
                                      this excellent performance reflected a full year’s benefit from            0.13 (2018: 0.48) per 200,000 hours worked, a marked
                                      the maintenance Turnaround^ completed in 2018.                             improvement on the prior year with only one lost time injury.
                                                                                                                 This performance reflects the success of our safety culture
                                      Right for New Zealand                                                      programme E Tu Tangata (Stand in the Gap) rolled out across
                                      With our critical role in the transport fuels supply chain,                the Refinery via a series of Hauora Korero (safety talks) and
                                      the Refinery and distribution infrastructure into the heart                Hauora Hikoi (safety walks).  
                                      of Auckland is vital to the well-being of people and                       We operate New Zealand’s highest hazard facility and
                                      communities throughout New Zealand. The ability of our                     are constantly working to improve our health and safety
                                      refining and distribution business to meet around 70 per cent              performance in line with our Safety Case which was
                                      of New Zealand’s overall demand for transport fuels (63%                   approved in 2020 by the regulator, WorkSafe. In 2019
                                      petrol; 62% diesel; 88% jet fuel) supports the continued                   our process safety performance was outstanding, with
                                      productivity of the travel, transport, industrial and other                no Tier 1 or Tier 2 incidents (2018: two Tier 1; three Tier 2).
                                      sectors of the national economy.                                           That performance is top quartile when benchmarked against
                                      Our deep capability in refining, built up over nearly 60 years             our European oil industry peers*.
                                      and investment in processing facilities to produce high
                                      quality (low sulphur) fuels, positions us to play a significant


                                      * CONCAWE (European Oil Company Organisation for Environment, Health and Safety)
                                      ^ Refer to glossary on page 119
18   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            19




     Refining margins weaker than expected                         Operational availability on the RAP was greater than
     Our Refinery operates in a cyclic industry and volatility     99 per cent, with annual throughput at 20.8 million
     is to be expected. In 2019 factors outside the Company’s      barrels, the second highest level on record. In 2019 the
     control – global supply and demand – had a direct impact      Refinery achieved a throughput of 42.7 million barrels
     on the Company’s returns to shareholders.                     (2018: 40.4 million).  
     Our Gross Refining Margin averaged USD 5.34 per barrel,       Operating and capital costs remained tightly controlled
     compared with USD 6.31 in 2018. This was weaker than          as refinery operations came under sustained pressure
     expected as global refining margins felt the impact of        from significantly higher electricity and gas prices.
     higher exports of products from China, demand growth          Ongoing supply issues with the Pohokura offshore
     being lower than expected, and new refining capacity          natural gas field meant that access to natural gas supplies
     coming online early in China and other parts of Asia.         had to be carefully managed during the year. We have
                                                                   subsequently contracted our natural gas requirements
     While the Singapore Complex Margin dropped
                                                                   for a number of years ahead with a credible market
     significantly as a result of the above, our uplift over the
                                                                   participant with diverse supply options.
     Singapore Complex Margin significantly increased to
     USD 4.32 per barrel underpinned by excellent operational      Customer promise: quality, reliability,
     availability and performance.                                 competitiveness
     Higher crude freight rate costs resulted from US              New Zealand’s economic growth drives increasing
     sanctions on Chinese crude tanker companies.                  demand for all fuels, particularly for diesel, while tourism
     The expected lift in diesel margins in the lead up to         demands an increasing supply of jet fuel. Maintaining an
     MARPOL (regulations for lower sulphur content in              attractive value proposition for our customers requires a
     shipping fuels) did not arrive as had been forecast,          constant focus on improving the quality, reliability and
     by market commentators, while High Sulphur Fuel Oil           competitiveness of our refining operations.  
     margins fell strongly.
                                                                   Our short duration, planned maintenance on the
     Given the headwinds in the market, including the              Hydrocracker unit is expected to be completed in
     uncertain impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on demand           early April. Preparations for a second longer duration         MARPOL                                                         Ongoing investment in our infrastructure assets requires
     and supply, the low margin environment we have                Turnaround is advancing with those preparations
                                                                                                                                  We are broadening our crude diet to minimise the impact        farsighted and predictable policy given that our investment
     experienced will likely remain for the first half of 2020.    benchmarked as ‘top quartile’ by an external Turnaround
                                                                                                                                  of the MARPOL regulations which came into force on             planning is based on 25-30 year asset life.
                                                                   specialist.
     Responding to low refining margins                                                                                           1 January 2020.  Four new, lower cost crudes have been         We are mindful of the potential disruption from further
                                                                   The forward profile of our tank maintenance programme          tested successfully and forward crude procurement decisions    reforms to the NZETS currently before Parliament, especially
     Our management team has worked with the Board
                                                                   2020 to 2023 has been revised without compromising             by our customers are already being made as a result.           a review of carbon unit allocation to EITE (Emissions
     on a comprehensive plan to respond to the lower
                                                                   personal or process safety on site.                                                                                           Intensive Trade Exposed) businesses and are continuing
     margin environment and secure long-term value
                                                                   In June, the Company commenced the 12-month                    Government Inquiry findings                                    to monitor this issue closely.
     for shareholders.
                                                                   turbidity monitoring programme, a key condition of the         The final report of the Government Inquiry into the 2017
     The primary focus of the Company’s plan has been                                                                                                                                            Dividend
                                                                   dredging resource consent, and we continue to explore          pipeline outage and the resilience of fuel supply into the
     to immediately reduce our cash spend, cutting our
                                                                   options to optimise the capital cost and benefits of the       Auckland region was released in September 2019.                Given the challenging, low margin environment the Company
     2020 capital programme by 20 per cent, rationalising
                                                                   dredging programme with our customers.                         The Inquiry concluded that the Company had maintained          is operating in the Directors have resolved that it is prudent
     operating costs as well as increasing revenue. At the
                                                                                                                                  and operated the RAP properly and in keeping with all legal    to not pay a final dividend. With an interim dividend of two
     same time, we are looking at different options available      Environmental sustainability
                                                                                                                                  requirements and standard industry practice. We were also      cents paid in September, the total dividend payment for the
     to enable the Company to stay at the core of the fuel
                                                                   Our focus on improving our operations extends to a             encouraged by the Inquiry noting that Refining NZ is working   year is two cents per share.  
     supply chain in New Zealand. Executing the plan should
                                                                   commitment to world class environmental performance.           to make timely investment decisions, and that it has a clear
     enable the Company to continue to add resilience to the                                                                                                                                     Governance
     fuel supply chain by optimising our essential                 We are continuing to improve our emissions profile             goal of having new infrastructure in place shortly before it
     infrastructure assets.                                        through energy-saving projects, including those carried        is needed to meet demand (i.e. rather than just in time or     Board and Management changes
                                                                   out through our partnership with the Energy Efficiency         too late).
     Excellent operational performance                             and Conservation Authority (EECA).                                                                                            Mark Tume resigned after 11 years as a Director in February
                                                                                                                                  The Company is continuing to push for further legislative
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2019. Mark made a significant contribution to the Board,
     The operational availability of our processing units          The process of renewing the Refinery’s resource                protections for the pipeline, and we are working with the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 including as Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Finance
     was at 99.7 per cent, with the utilisation rate on the        consents which expire 31 December 2022, is progressing         Government and industry on ways to further improve the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Committee for two years.
     Hydrocracker unit at its highest level for the past decade.   with all expert reports on the Refinery’s discharges to        resilience of Auckland’s fuel supply chain.
     This positive performance was achieved despite the            land, air and water now complete. We expect to lodge                                                                          Chief Executive Officer Mike Fuge resigned in September
     Transpower outage in the region in November which             a resource consent application in the second quarter of        Emissions trading scheme                                       and left the Company on 21 February 2020. Following an
     saw a total loss of power to the Refinery.                    this year.                                                     In 2019 the Government confirmed that Refining NZ              international search, the Board appointed Naomi James
                                                                                                                                  will be brought in to the New Zealand Emissions Trading        as his successor. Naomi joins the Company from Santos
                                                                   Work continues on our waste water management
                                                                                                                                  Scheme (NZETS) with an allocation of carbon units after        Limited, one of Australia’s largest independent oil and gas
                                                                   systems to ensure they remain robust in extreme
                                                                                                                                  the Negotiated Greenhouse Agreement (NGA) expires              producers, where she was responsible for midstream
                                                                   weather events.
                                                                                                                                  at the end of 2022.                                            infrastructure assets including oil and gas processing
                                                                                                                                                                                                 facilities. Naomi will join the Company in April 2020.   
                                                                                                                                  Entry into the NZETS on the basis of our 2006-2009
                                                                                                                                  emissions is an imperative for the Company as we transition    Director Paul Zealand has stepped into the role of Managing
                                                                                                                                  to a future based on lower carbon fuels. We believe that our   Director during the CEO transition. Paul will not be
                                                                                                                                  strong track record of emissions reduction, which has seen     considered an Independent Director during his tenure of
                                                                                                                                  the Company invest around $750 million in technology           Managing Director. The Board is grateful to Paul for his
                                                                                                                                  to make cleaner fuels, and lower our emissions,                significant contribution during this period.
                                                                                                                                  provides a solid platform for our entry in the NZETS.
20     REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                              21




Andrew Brewer was appointed to the new role of Chief
Operating Officer, effective 16 March 2020. He brings a
wealth of experience from the refining sector, having spent
the previous 18 years with Caltex in Australia and Chevron
in Canada, in both refinery and supply leadership roles.

Audit changes
In December, the Refining NZ Board aligned its audit policy
and its external audit services with recent market guidance
from the Financial Markets Authority.
The Refining NZ Board reissued the Company’s Auditor
Independence policy statement (a copy is available on the
Company’s website) and carried out a market assessment
of external audit services, which it is required to do every
ten years under that policy.
After a thorough assessment process – which included
consideration of the level of non-assurance services
provided and the length of tenure of the then current
auditor – the Board appointed Ernst & Young (EY) to provide
external audit services to the Company. EY will stand for
reappointment by shareholders at the Company’s 2020
Annual Shareholder Meeting.

Outlook
The second half of 2019 proved extremely challenging for
the refining segment of the Company and is continuing to
prove so; the headwinds in the market have carried over
to the first quarter of the year and are compounded by the
ongoing negative impact of COVID-19 on demand and
supply in the Asia Pacific region.  
The full impact of COVID-19 is yet to play out, but it is
likely to produce further volatility as demand returns and
refining capacity comes back on line, especially in China.
New Zealand is being impacted significantly and our
customers are responding daily to the changing product
demand profile. The demand for transport fuels is evolving
rapidly and we are working closely with our customers on
how we may assist with their Supply Chain Management.
Market commentator FGE is forecasting a rebound in global
oil demand in the first half of 2021.
Given the current trading environment and the significant
uncertainties ahead we are looking at all tactical and strategic
responses to the financial challenges we face and are
keeping the Government informed as the situation unfolds.
Our team at Marsden Point remains focused on the safe
and reliable performance of our refining operations and the
multi-fuel pipeline to Auckland, backed by a rationalised
programme of operational and capital spending. This should
ensure that we can continue to provide a reliable supply
of high-quality products to our customers and, looking
ahead, that we are well placed to benefit from our
excellent operational performance when global refining
margins improve.
22      REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     23




RIGHT
                                                                                                                                    HISTORY OF
                                                                                                                                                                                      Since 1964 we’ve invested in significant capacity and capability
                                                                                                                                                                                      projects to meet the country’s demand for more, and cleaner
                                                                                                                                                                                      fuel products, as well as to improve the environmental footprint
                                                                                                                                    INVESTMENT                                        of our refining operations. With our strong track record
                                                                                                                                                                                      of investment and deep technical capability we are well




INFRASTRUCTURE
                                                                                                                                                                                      positioned to contribute to New Zealand’s low carbon future.




                                                                                                                                                                                      Operations at the Marsden                               Wiri oil terminal
                                                                                                                                                                                     Point Refinery get underway.                                approved



                                                                                                                                                                 1961                            1964                                             1982

                                                                                                                                                      Refining Company formed.
                                                                                                                                                      Lists on the New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Major expansion of the Refinery as
                                                                                                                                                       stock exchange in 1962.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            part of the National government’s       1985
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Think Big programme of energy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           expansion projects. Extra tankage,
                                                                                                                                           “We are satisfied that Refining NZ                                                   Hydrocracker and Refinery to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Auckland pipeline added.
                                                                                                                                            is making appropriate investment decisions
                                                                                                                                            to maintain the capacity of the refinery
                                                                                                                                            and the RAP to meet future demand.”                                                            New Zealand fuel
The Marsden Point Refinery and associated                           Our original two jetties were constructed in 1964 and                   Government Inquiry into the Auckland Fuel Supply Distribution (2019)                       market is deregulated.      1989
                                                                    we are in the middle of a significant refurbishment plan
infrastructure were originally built in the 1960s
                                                                    to ensure they continue to service the Refinery and our
as the Government recognised the need for                           distribution business.
New Zealand to have the capability to refine                        We are four years into a multi-year tank refurbishment
crude oil to produce transport fuels within                         programme, conducted under regulatory and technical
the country, reducing its reliance on imported                      oversight. This major programme of work has been
                                                                    optimised, resulting in a smoother and more efficient capital               NGA signed with the Crown. Commits
fuel. We have continued to build on that key                                                                                                    the Refinery to an emissions reduction
infrastructure over the past 60 years to keep
                                                                    spend. Key enablers for this include the use of acoustic
                                                                                                                                    2003        pathway through to 2023.
                                                                    emissions testing to assess tank conditions, robotic blasting
New Zealanders on the move.                                         and painting and automated tank cleaning, which improves
                                                                    not only capital efficiency but also quality and safety.
The high-value infrastructure assets now under our                  Since 2017 capacity upgrade projects have lifted throughput
management – our jetties, storage tanks and the Refinery            capacity on the RAP by more than ten per cent to ensure we                  $180M Future Fuels project
to Auckland Pipeline – are critical to the ongoing security of                                                                                  commissioned delivering cleaner
New Zealand’s fuel supplies and to New Zealanders’
                                                                    can continue to meet the need for transport fuels as            2005        fuels by reducing benzene in                                         RAP capacity project has
                                                                    Auckland continues to grow.                                                 petrol and sulphur in diesel.
well-being and prosperity.                                                                                                                                                                                             increased supply into
                                                                    Meanwhile the Company continues to invest in assets                                                                                             Auckland by more than 10%.
The Marsden Point site has three jetties over which 40-42           and processes that deliver efficiencies, provide options
million barrels of crude oil are delivered and 6.5 billion litres   for an expanded range of products and improve the safety
of product are shipped each year, and 126 tanks in which            of those who work on the site.
crude or refined product is stored. It is the starting point for                                                                                       2009                                                 2015             2017                2019
the 170 kilometre RAP, which moves petrol, diesel and jet
fuel to the Wiri oil terminal in South Auckland. About half
of our production is distributed via the RAP to Auckland
                                                                    “We found that Refining NZ’s work                                           Third jetty added at                          $365M* Te Mahi Hou project              Sulphur plant completed.
and half is sent across our jetties into coastal tankers              to respond to the leak, repair the                                           Marsden Point.
                                                                                                                                                           +
                                                                                                                                                                                              completed: Lifts petrol making
                                                                                                                                                                                            capacity by 2M barrels, improves
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Solidifies molten sulphur
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          into pellets for the
or to road tankers for delivery around New Zealand.
We invest to ensure that these critical assets remain at              pipe, and remediate the damage                                        $190M Point Forward project                     energy efficiency and reduced CO2
                                                                                                                                                                                           emissions by around 120,000 Tonnes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        agri-nutrients sector.
                                                                                                                                             commissioned increasing
the core of the transport fuel supply chain in New Zealand
and can continue to play their vital role in maintaining the
                                                                      was of a high standard. Their                                            processing capacity to                                   per annum.

nation’s security of supply. We also invest to ensure that            work was swift, well-coordinated,                                         ˜135,000 barrels/day.

the Refinery’s processing capability remains world-class
in performance and reliability, with the capability to safely         careful, thorough, and effective.”
meet demand for the existing fuel portfolio and the nation’s
transport needs in the future.                                        Government Inquiry into the Auckland Fuel
                                                                      Supply Distribution (2019)                                    *
                                                                                                                                     Excludes front end engineering and design, and financing costs
24      REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      25




RIGHT
                                                                                                                                            CARBON PROFILE


FOCUS                                                                                                                                                                                                                          CO2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            INTENSITY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          IMPROVEMENT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                230

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                225

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                220
                                                                                                                                                                  260 260 HCUHCU
                                                                                                                                                                              and and
                                                                                                                                                                                  HMUHMU upgrades    ($2.2m)
                                                                                                                                                                                              upgrades    ($2.2m)
                                                                                                                                                                            ~3% CO
                                                                                                                                                                                ~3%2 CO2
                                                                                                                                                                                     intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                          intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                               reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                    reduction                  PointPoint
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Forward
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Forward
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ($ (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 190m)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $190m)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ~8% CO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ~8%2 CO2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     reduction                                                  215
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Te Te
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   MahiMahi
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Hou ($
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Hou (
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 425m)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $425m)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      kg CO2/t of product
                                                                                                                                                                  250 250                                                                                                  ~10%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ~10%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 CO2 CO2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          and and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               210
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           120,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               120,000   emission
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   tCO2tCO2   emission
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        reduction

                                                                                                                                    t CO2


                                                                                                                                            C02 Intensity [tC02/t production]
                                                                                                                                                                  240 240                                                                                                                                       205

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                200
                                                                                                                                                                  230 230
                                                                                                                                1,500,000




                                                                                                                                            C02 Intensity [tC02/t production]
                                                                                                                                1,000,000                         220 220                              C02 C02
                                                                                                                                                                                                         intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                             intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                             improvement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 improvement
                                                                                                                                 500,000
                                                                                                                                                                  210 210
As an energy intensive industry we are highly                     Our commitment to helping New Zealand meet its
                                                                  climate change obligations means that we are always                  0
conscious of the impact of our operations on                                                                                                                            2015                                2016                   2017                        2018                   2019
                                                                  looking to improve our emissions profile by lifting the                                         200 200
the environment and have been improving                           energy efficiency of our Refinery. Regular benchmarking                                                                                                                                                         (Provisional)
our profile through CO2 and SO2 emission                          against our competitors in the Asia Pacific region shows                                               Scope 1 [t C02] Direct emissions                 Scope 2 [t C02] Indirect emissions               Carbon intensity [kg C02/t of product]
                                                                  that Refining NZ continues to “punch above its weight”                                           – from
                                                                                                                                                                      190 fuel chemical reactions          – from purchased electricity
reduction programmes.                                                                                                                                             190
                                                                  in terms of emissions profile; we outperform our refining                                               20062006 20072007 20082008 20092009 20102010 20112011 20122012 20132013 20142014 20152015 20162016 20172017 20182018 20192019
In 2003 the Company signed the landmark Negotiated                peers in Australia and globally, rank better than the                                                                                                                                                                         est est
Greenhouse Gas Agreement with the Crown while                     worldwide emissions average.                                                                                                                                     Avg Avg
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2016 –
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2019
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                – 2019            TotalTotal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        C02 C0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            /tonne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               2/tonne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   production
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       production
announcing a $180 million investment in the Future Fuels          We recognise the challenge of climate change and believe
project to produce higher quality petrol and diesel (with         that our strong track record of investment in emissions
reduced benzene and sulphur). This enabled New Zealanders         reduction provides a platform for our entry in the NZETS
to use vehicles with more advanced, cleaner engine                as an Emissions Intensive Trade Exposed business,
technology.
The NGA committed the Refinery to a pathway towards
                                                                  as well as securing our major ongoing contribution
                                                                  to the Northland and wider New Zealand economy.                                                                                       ~$750m
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ~$750m                                     ~20%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ~20%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       reduction
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              in in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       >35,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        >35,000
world’s best practice in energy efficiency, requiring a                                                                                                                                                   invested
                                                                                                                                                                                                              invested                                                                 tonnes p.a.p.a.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          tonnes   sulphur
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       sulphur
                                                                  Longer term, we see an opportunity to leverage our existing                                                                                                                      carbon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      carbon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          intensity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              intensity
substantive investment to adopt new lower emissions                                                                                                                                                                2005-2015
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2005-2015                                                        removed  fromfrom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          removed     fuelsfuels
                                                                  infrastructure to produce green hydrogen and potentially,                                                                                                                          since
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         since
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           20082008                        since 20052005
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               since
technology. Between 2005 and 2015 the Company has                 reduce our emissions by a further 50 per cent.
invested around $750 million, which has driven carbon
intensity down by around 20 per cent, reduced benzene
from our refining processes, and removed over half
a million tonnes of sulphur from our petrol and diesel
                                                                  Te Mahi Hou is the single
products.                                                         largest carbon reduction                                                                                           Pursuing further                       Energy conservation                        Solar project has
In 2015 our single, most substantive emissions reduction
initiative, the $365 million* Te Mahi Hou project which
                                                                  project in New Zealand and                                                                                          energy saving                             partnership                           potential to remove
                                                                                                                                                                                        initiatives                             with EECA                             18,000 tones of CO2
replaced an aging platformer (petrol processing plant),
lifted petrol production while reducing CO2 emissions
                                                                  proves that doing the right
by around 120,000 tonnes a year, the gain equivalent              thing for the environment
to taking 60,000 Toyota Corolla–sized cars off our roads
or New Zealanders investing $4.6 billion on Tesla 3               can also make good
electric vehicles.
                                                                  business sense.


Excludes front end engineering and design, and financing costs.
*
26   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                               27




     HOW WE CREATE VALUE



                                                                                                  Refining                 Distribution                    Financial capital             Relationships


                         INPUTS
                                        People & culture            Capability                     assets                                                    & resources               Quality relationships
                                                                                                                             assets
                                        Grow our talented          Our technical               Able to produce                                            The equity, debt, and         with shareholders,
                                         people supported      expertise, knowledge                                        Able to provide                                           customers, Iwi and other
                                                                                              the quality of fuels                                        cash flow which keep
                                       by world class health   systems supported by                                         low emission                                             stakeholders which keep
                                                                                                NZ needs with                                               us competitive and
                                      and safety performance   operational excellence                                    fuel transportation                                           us connected to our
                                                                                                 high process                                              profitable across the
                                                                                                                            into Auckland                                                 communities
                                                                                                   integrity                                                  business cycle




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Environment
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our responsibility
                                                                                                                                                                                                              to air, water and
                                                                                                                                                                                                             land discharge is
                                                                                                                                                                                                          supported by a world
                                                                                                                                                                                                           class environmental
                                                                                                                                                                                                                performance




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Responsible
                                                                                                                                                                                                             operator
                                                                     Centre of               Competitive &                        Essential &                                                         Committed to improving
                                                                                                                            efficient infrastructure                                                 our environmental footprint



                         OUTPUTS
                                                               technical excellence        profitable business
                                        Engaged people           A competitive and         Providing returns for our           A safe, clean, reliable
                                                                                                                                                                      Trusted                         and including low-carbon
                                                                                                                                                                  & valued partner                           alternatives
                                       Safe, diverse, high      high-quality supplier,       shareholders over the            refining and distribution
                                        performing and         leading New Zealand’s      business cycle with options        business which embraces                 Delivering on
                                       empowered teams              transition to a      for future growth, leveraging          new technology and                   our promises
                                                                  low-carbon future          our infrastructure and            provides dependable
                                                                                                    capability                         supply
28      REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            29




STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT                                                                                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance
AND MATERIAL ISSUES                                                                                                                        Issues Materiality Matrix


                                                                                                                                                                High



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Emissions to air,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             water & ground

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 performance

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Personal safety




                                                                                                                                       Influence on stakeholder’s assessments and decisions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            & wellbeing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Quality & reliability
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 of products


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Contribution to                                                                      Process safety
                                                                                                                                                                                                       regional economy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Greenhouse gas/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          climate change



At the heart of the relationship we have with each                  Environmental
of our stakeholders, is an understanding of the                     Running our Refinery in accordance with our resource
                                                                    consents while minimising the environmental impact of                                                                                             Business continuity
material issues for each stakeholder or those that                  our refining operations is critical to our ‘licence to operate’.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      & emergency response
matter the most, as well as for the Company.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Risk                   Community &
                                                                    Quality and reliability                                                                                                   management
To deepen our understanding of what’s important, the views                                                                                                                                                                  Iwi engagement
                                                                    Maintaining the reliability of the Refinery through ongoing
of every stakeholder (Iwi, customers, suppliers, investors,
                                                                    investment in planned maintenance is critical to delivering
employees) have been independently validated through                                                                                                                                                           Energy efficiency
                                                                    high quality transport fuels to our customers, on time
one-on-one discussions. Each material issue has then
                                                                    and in specification.
been prioritised according to their influence on stakeholder
decisions about the Company.                                                                                                                                                                                   Culture & diversity
                                                                    People
The 14 material issues identified with our stakeholders are         People are core to our business and our single most
shown in the matrix on page 29. These issues are integrated         important asset. Our ability to attract and develop talented                                                                                     Training & development
into our thinking as we develop our strategies and plans to         people underpins the success of our business and adds
deliver value for our stakeholders and improve the overall          value to our community.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance & board independence
performance of our business.
                                                                                                                                                                                              Medium                                                                                                    High
In terms of how we report on performance, the material              Competitiveness and profitability
issues are grouped into broad categories: health, safety and        By maintaining the relentless focus on our cost base                                                                                      Significance of Refining NZ’s economic, environmental and social impacts
wellbeing; environmental; quality and reliability; people           and optimising the value from our infrastructure, we will
and competitiveness and profitability.                              efficiently deliver high quality products to our customers
                                                                    and secure improved returns for our shareholders.
Health, safety and wellbeing
This is a core value for our business. As a high hazard facility,   On the following pages we provide an update on those
                                                                                                                                                                                              LEGEND:
we have robust management systems and processes in                  categories in the top right quadrant of the matrix (high
place to ensure everyone working at the Refinery goes               influence on stakeholder decision making/significance of
                                                                    Refining NZ impacts) together with culture and diversity                                                                         Health, safety and wellbeing             People
safely home, every day.
                                                                    of our people, which underpins our performance across
                                                                    all categories. As highlighted throughout this report,                                                                           Environmental                            Quality and Reliability
                                                                    the competitiveness and profitability of the Company
                                                                    remains a core focus for management and the Board.                                                                               Competitiveness and profitability


                                                                                                                                                                                              To ensure we are following accepted international best practice, this report has been prepared in accordance with
                                                                                                                                                                                              Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards: Core option.
30     REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                     31




OUR PERFORMANCE AGAINST MATERIAL ISSUES

PERSONAL & PROCESS SAFETY
TRCFR^                                                    LTIFR^                                                                       Our performance in 2019                                        2020 action plan


           0.27
            (2018:0.76)
                                                                          0.13
                                                                           (2018:0.48)
                                                                                                                                       • Widespread site acceptance of the
                                                                                                                                         E Tu Tangata safety engagement programme
                                                                                                                                         (refer to page 32).
                                                                                                                                       • Significant reduction in the total recordable
                                                                                                                                         case frequency with two recordable injuries
                                                                                                                                                                                                      • Continue to deliver E Tu Tangata
                                                                                                                                                                                                        and behavioural safety programmes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      • Improve the quality of Hauora Hikoi (safety
                                                                                                                                                                                                        walks) to provide recording greater insights.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      • Complete the Du Pont audit of our
                                                                                                                                         during the year.
Tier 1                                                  Tier 2


           0                                                              0
       ^                                                          ^                                                                                                                                     Health & Safety management system.
                                                                                                                                       • No Tier 1 or Tier 2 incidents.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      • Develop and implement the Safety
                                                                                                                                       • Worksafe acceptance of our Safety Case.                        Case compliance plan.



            (2018: 2)                                                       (2018: 3)                                                  Our performance by the numbers
                                                                                                                                                                                               2019       2018       2017       2016       2015
Number of emergency exercises



86
                                                                                                                                       TRCFR                              200,000 hrs          0.27       0.76       0.89       0.51       1.32


                                                                                                                                       LTIFR                              200,000 hrs          0.13       0.48       0.26       0.25       0.10


                                                                                                                                       Tier 1 process safety incidents    #                     0          2          0          1           1
(2018: 26)
                                                                                                                                       Tier 2 process safety incidents    #                     0          3          4          0           4

DELIVER A WORLD CLASS HEALTH & SAFETY                                 Our Safety Case, submitted to Worksafe in 2018 and               Number of emergency exercises
PERFORMANCE                                                           approved in early 2020, has been promoted widely within                                             #                    86         26          17         13         14
                                                                                                                                       (internal and external)
                                                                      and outside the Company. The Safety Case details how
Safety and wellbeing is one of our core values.                       the Refinery identifies hazards that could result in major
We have an active programme to embed a                                incidents (safety assessments), the systems used to
culture that supports the safety and wellbeing                        manage the risk posed by major incidents (safety
                                                                      management system) and the systems for responding to
of our employees, contractors and visitors                            any incidents (Emergency Response Management Plan).
to our site.
                                                                      The Safety Case was mandated under the 2015 Health
Our safety performance improved considerably in 2019,                 and Safety at Work Act, given the Company is the largest
with no Tier 1 or Tier 2 incidents occurring and a reduction in       and the most technically complex high hazard facility in
lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR) from 0.48 to 0.13 per         New Zealand. While it is a matter of compliance,
200,000 hours worked. Our performance was boosted by                  we have embraced the Safety Case as an opportunity
the introduction of the E Tu Tangata programme, which aims            to interrogate our systems and processes and provide
to embed a culture that values and delivers both personal             assurance to workers, responding agencies and our
and process safety.                                                   community that the potential for major incidents has
                                                                      been assessed and effective controls are in place. As
Our programme is governed by the Central Safety
                                                                      part of our 2020 programme we will address opportunities
Committee (CSC), chaired by our Managing Director
                                                                      identified by Worksafe to enhance elements of our                                                                                                           $34,000 contributed
and including the Leadership Team, along with subject                                                                                        Step-change
                                                                      existing programme.                                                                                      World-class             Over 8,000 on site            to community
matter experts, employees and contractor representatives.                                                                                  improvement in
Six sub-committees are charged with the specifics                     Our Emergency Services team undertook a busy programme                                                  process safety          safety engagements          organisations (linked
                                                                                                                                           personal safety
of implementing and further developing our systems.                   of training for safety, preparedness and response, both                                                  performance              during the year          to our personal safety
                                                                                                                                            performance
Performance data is collected and reported back to the                internally and in conjunction with external peers. A key focus                                                                                                 performance)
CSC for review. Personal safety is recorded in terms of               was training with Auckland fire brigades, which are first
the total recordable case frequency rate (TRCFR) and                  responders to any emergency involving the RAP within the
LTIFR, while process safety reporting takes place under a             Auckland city limits. More frequent and smaller scenario-
framework endorsed by the American Petroleum Institute –              based training was also carried out in conjunction with
refer to page 119 for definitions of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process        external response agencies.
Safety Events.                                                        ^
                                                                          Refer to Glossary on page 119
32     REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            33




                                                                                                                                    OUR PERFORMANCE AGAINST MATERIAL ISSUES

                                                                                                                                    EMISSIONS & CLIMATE CHANGE
                                                                                                                                    Releases outside consent                                            Direct CO2 emissions



                                                                                                                                             1(2018:5)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     206kg
                                                                                                                                                                                                         (2018:204kg) (CO2/t of product)

              Image and brand to be supplied
                                                                                                                                    Sulphur dioxide (SO2) emissions                                     Electricity usage



                                                                                                                                                4,329T              (2018: 3,404T)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1.23PJ               (2018: 1.14PJ)

CASE STUDY                                                       “We really wanted our colleagues to know that when we are
                                                                 safe here, inside the gates, it’s not just us who benefit,” says   Natural gas usage



                                                                                                                                                 3.4PJ
A grass roots initiative that took hold and grew                 Cory. “Our communities benefit when we practice safety.
                                                                 We wanted to recognise our collective efforts by making a
E Tu Tangata – our site-wide programme to embed a                quarterly donation to local charities.”
deep and effective safety culture – has grown and earned
                                                                 “The charities are voted on by our people. In 2019 we were
acceptance across the Refinery since its launch in early
                                                                 able to donate to two fantastic local charities – Food for Life,
2019.
                                                                 which provides hot, healthy meals to children in low-decile
E Tu Tangata was a grass roots response to a story of            Northland schools; and Te Tai Tokerau Emergency Housing                                        (2018: 3.5PJ)
heart-breaking loss told by Wiremu and Marsella Edmonds          Charitable Trust, which provides safe and affordable housing
to the site in 2018. “Hearing that story was a wero to me – a    for our homeless population.”
challenge – to really shake up the safety culture of
                                                                 One of the greatest strengths of E Tu Tangata is that it is        DELIVER A WORLD CLASS                                            Refining NZ is one of the larger emitters of CO2 in
our workplace and to make it relevant and meaningful
                                                                 designed, managed and supported by employees – the                                                                                  New Zealand, but has a track record of using new
– particularly for those who work hard to keep themselves                                                                           ENVIRONMENTAL PERFORMANCE
                                                                 result being a significant improvement to our health and                                                                            technologies and adapting traditional ones to reduce our
and their buddies safe on site, as well as for our community,”
                                                                 safety performance during 2019.
says Cory Abraham, health and safety advisor.                                                                                       We are committed to playing our part in                          carbon footprint. The signing of our NGA with the Crown in
“We designed E Tu Tangata to do just that.”                                                                                                                                                          2003 inspired a creative view of possibilities in this aspect
                                                                                                                                    protecting the environment – we recognise that
                                                                                                                                                                                                     of the business, which continues to the present day. The
“We partnered with the local school, which helped design                                                                            our emissions to the air, water and ground have                  Government confirmed in 2019 that Refining NZ will be
a logo for the programme. The integrated patterns at the
bottom represent all the different companies we work with
                                                                                                                                    potential for environmental impacts locally and                  brought into the New Zealand Emissions Trading Scheme as
                                                                                                                                    nationally. In recent years we have progressed                   an EITE with an allocation of carbon units when our NGA
onsite. The weave of the patterns represents unity. The
                                                                                                                                                                                                     expires at the end of 2022.
fishbone pattern represents the programme, while Mount                                                                              major initiatives to reduce emissions of carbon
Manaia and the A Block stack represent our physical                                                                                                                                                  Careful management of our energy consumption is an
                                                                                                                                    dioxide (CO2) and sulphur dioxide (SO2), and                     important element in reducing carbon emissions and an
presence here at Marsden Point.”
                                                                                                                                    to improve the resilience of our waste                           obligation under our NGA. As energy is the largest cost
The Kaihautu Award was designed alongside the programme
as a quarterly recognition of individuals who have stood out                                                                        water systems.                                                   for the Refinery, we also have strong economic incentives
                                                                                                                                                                                                     to use it efficiently.
for their attitudes towards health and safety. That concept
                                                                                                                                    A particular focus, given our status as an Emissions Intensive
extended to include a quarterly donation to a local
                                                                                                                                    Trade Exposed (EITE) business, is on helping New Zealand
community group, with the amount set by reference to our
                                                                                                                                    to meet its commitments to international goals in regard to
site-wide health and safety performance.
                                                                                                                                    climate change. EITE businesses can make significant
                                                                                                                                    contributions to reduction targets as New Zealand transitions
                                                                                                                                    to a low emissions economy, by continuing to reduce the
                                                                                                                                    emissions intensity of their operations.
34   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                  35




     Our performance in 2019                                       2020 action plan
     • Implemented environmental                                   • Prepare for the transition to the
       improvement projects.                                         NZETS and other regulatory changes.
     • Numerous studies completed and                              • Lodge our application with the Northland
       consultation initiated in preparation                         Regional Council to renew our site
       for renewal of the site resource consents.                    resource consents.
     • Confirmed entry into the New Zealand Emissions              • Implement the 2020 compliance plan for the
       Trading Scheme (NZETS) when the NGA expires                   Hazardous Substances at Work Act.
       at the end of December 2022.



     Our performance by the numbers
                                                          2019         2018       2017       2016        2015

     Release outside consent           #                      1          5         4          5           2


     Direct CO2 emissions
                                       kg CO2 /t
                                                          206           204       200        201         227         CASE STUDY                                                       While reducing emissions those major investments have
                                       of product                                                                                                                                     also been good for our refining and distribution business
                                                                                                                     Investing in emissions reduction                                 and the ongoing resilience of fuel supply to Auckland and the
     Total fuel usage                  PJ                 14.3         13.2       14.2       14.1        15.3                                                                         rest of the country. The recent Government Inquiry into the
                                                                                                                     The Refinery is proud of its environmental performance and       pipeline rupture noted that Refining NZ has invested ahead
        Ex-Crude                                                                                                     the strong track record of investment in emissions reduction     of when demand for our product is needed (i.e. rather than
                                       PJ                 10.7          9.8       11.4       11.5        13.5
        (Refinery produced fuel)                                                                                     since the inception of the NGA.                                  just in time, or too late).
                                                                                                                     Jointly developed with successive governments and                Outside of major projects the Company has also invested
        Natural gas                    PJ                  3.5          3.4       2.8         2.6         1.8
                                                                                                                     government agencies, the Agreement places obligations on         around $12 million in programmes to improve the energy
                                                                                                                     Refining NZ to achieve emissions reduction targets. Through      efficiency of processing units and utilities. In the near term,
     Electricity usage                 PJ                 1.23          1.14      1.22       1.21        1.03        a sustained programme of regular and substantial investment      we will continue to invest in ongoing programmes, including
                                                                                                                     in emissions reduction, reported to the Ministry for the         recovering hydrogen from fuel gas streams and hydrogen
     Water usage                       Million tonnes     1.68         1.65       1.70       1.68        1.65        Environment (MfE) and audited by MfE appointed auditors,         optimisation, optimising steam use, heat exchanger cleaning,
                                                                                                                     the Refinery has achieved an improvement in CO2 intensity        and the phased introduction of LED lighting.
                                                                                                                     of around 20 per cent.
     SO2 emissions                     Tonnes             4,329        3,404     3,695       4,332       4,055                                                                        Looking ahead, our objective is to continue to meet
                                                                                                                     Between 2006 and 2018 the Refinery invested around $570          New Zealand’s transport fuel needs as the country
                                       Amount of flares                                                              million in major projects and energy efficiency programmes.      moves towards a low -carbon economy. Entry in the
     Flare                             as mass % of       0.02         0.08       0.02       0.09        0.02        Following the Refinery’s $180 million Future Fuels project       NZETS in 2023 with an allocation of carbon units once
                                       feedstock
                                                                                                                     (2005) which enabled cleaner vehicles to operate in              the NGA expires, is vital to our future ability to invest in
                                                                                                                     New Zealand, two subsequent upgrade projects were                CO2 emissions reduction from the Refinery and the
                                                                                                                     undertaken: In 2009 Point Forward was completed at cost          high-quality transport fuels we make for New Zealand.
                                                                                                                     of $190 million; in 2015 Te Mahi Hou was completed at a
                                                                                                                     cost of $365 million*. Te Mahi Hou, lifted energy performance
                                                                                                                     across the Refinery and reduced carbons emissions by
                                                                                                                     120,000 tonnes per year – arguably the single biggest
                                                                                                                                                                                    “The agreement (NGA) was
             Improvement
                                            Increased                   Emissions
                                                                                                       Reduced
                                                                                                                     contribution from any EITE reduction project in the country.     a significant example of
               projects lift
                                       electricity and fuel
                                      usage reflects record
                                                                    impacted by higher
                                                                  Hydrocracker utilisation
                                                                                                      flaring in a
                                                                                                                     Refining NZ was the first company in New Zealand to sign an
                                                                                                                     NGA, a significant undertaking that was recognised by the
                                                                                                                                                                                      Government and business
             environmental
              performance
                                        throughputs and            and reduced access
                                                                                                    non-Turnaround
                                                                                                          year
                                                                                                                     Government as preserving economic activity in New Zealand
                                                                                                                     while supporting international efforts to halt global warming.
                                                                                                                                                                                      working together to achieve
                                          product make                to natural gas
                                                                                                                                                                                      a balanced outcome for
                                                                                                                                                                                      New Zealand”.
                                                                                                                                                                                        (Ministerial Group on Climate Change)

                                                                                                                     Excludes front end engineering and design, and financing costs
                                                                                                                     *
36   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                   37




OUR PERFORMANCE AGAINST MATERIAL ISSUES

QUALITY & RELIABILITY
Refinery throughput                     BUILD ON THE QUALITY & RELIABILITY
                                                                                                       Our performance in 2019                                     2020 action plan
                                        ELEMENTS OF OUR CUSTOMER PROMISE




        42.7m
                                                                                                       • Accelerated and optimised our tank maintenance            • Maintain systems and programmes of
                                        The reliability of our processing units and the                  programme, avoiding the need to convert a tank              work to deliver product to our customers
                                        high quality of our fuel products are essential                  for jet service and reducing the investment that            – in full, on time, and in specification.
                                        to the resilient supply of fuel products (petrol,                would otherwise be required.
                                                                                                                                                                   • Deliver a successful Turnaround 2020
                                        diesel, jet fuel) to our customers in Auckland                 • Advanced our Crude Shipping Project via                     and continue preparations for 2021 Turnaround.
                     (2018:40.4m)       and across New Zealand.                                          optimisation discussions with our customers
                                                                                                                                                                   • Continue to improve the yield on the
                                                                                                         and started baseline water quality monitoring.
                                        Maintaining the reliability and quality elements of our                                                                      Continuous Catalytic Reformer Platformer
                                        customer promise means constant monitoring of our              • Sulphur Plant successfully commissioned.                    and complete the first statutory inspection
RAP throughput                          performance and the people, plant, systems and                                                                               since commissioning in 2015.
                                        processes behind that, and adopting a continuous               • Continued with preparations for 2020 planned




           20.8m
                                        improvement mindset. The Refinery runs a quality                 maintenance Turnarounds. Preparedness                     • Achieve ISO 55001 Asset Management
                                        management system to the requirements of ISO 9001                benchmarked as ‘top quartile’.                              accreditation.
                                        (Quality Management), which is externally audited on
                                                                                                       • Trialled new crudes to give our customers
                                        a regular basis.
                                                                                                         more buying choice.
                                        Our performance goal is to deliver to our customers in full,
                        (2018:21.0m)    on time and in specification. Keeping unplanned downtime
                                        to a minimum is critical and our operational availability
                                        compares well with refineries of a similar size and            Our performance by the numbers
                                        complexity in the region.
Operational availability                In 2019 we progressed a range of projects to improve
                                                                                                                                                            2019     2018        2017      2016       2015
                                        our current performance and position our operations for




           99.7%
                                                                                                       Refinery throughput            million barrels       42.7      40.4       41.7      42.7       42.6
                                        the future. These projects have either provided or are
                                        expected to lift our operational performance and increase
                                        product volumes in order to deliver a reliable and quality     RAP throughput                 million barrels       20.8      21.0       19.8      20.1       18.4
                                        supply option to our customers and improved returns
                                        to shareholders.                                               Operational availability       %                     99.7      90.7       98.0      96.9       97.7
                         (2018:90.7%)
                                                                                                       Unplanned Refinery downtime    %                     1.6       0.8        0.6        0.9        0.3


                                                                                                       Unplanned RAP downtime         %                     0.9       1.3        4.6        0.9        0.6
Unplanned Refinery downtime



       1.6%       (2018:0.8)


                                                                                                            Strong Refinery                                        High operational             Low unplanned
                                                                                                                                       RAP throughput
                                                                                                         throughput resulting                                      availability on the        downtime on both
Unplanned RAP downtime                                                                                   in several production
                                                                                                                                       was the second
                                                                                                                                                                       Refinery’s              the Refinery and
                                                                                                                                      highest on record




         0.9%
                                                                                                                records                                            processing units                the RAP




                      (2018:1.3)
38     REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                          39




                                                                                                                                    OUR PERFORMANCE AGAINST MATERIAL ISSUES

                                                                                                                                    CULTURE & DIVERSITY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Contribution to
                                                                                                                                    Number of staff                            Number of contractors                       regional economy



                                                                                                                                               412
                                                                                                                                               (2018:390)
                                                                                                                                                                                           251
                                                                                                                                                                                           (2018:265)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       6.5%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (2018:6.8)




CASE STUDY                                                       “Once you pull any programme apart and look at it with             EMBED A HIGH PERFORMANCE CULTURE                                The rollout of the One Team culture programme continued
                                                                 a new perspective, all sorts of possibilities open up.                                                                             in 2019, with business units continuing to develop their own
Tank maintenance review brings improvement                       That’s certainly what happened in this case. We’ve been            In a changing world, we are focused on                          specific culture plans. These have included recognition
in efficiency, quality and cost                                  able to plan the peak of the programme, comprising about                                                                           schemes, unconscious bias training, improved
                                                                 40 tanks, up to three years in advance. This is a positive
                                                                                                                                    lifting our performance by ensuring that                        communication and wellness initiatives.
Tank maintenance is a critical work programme over the long      change from the traditional approach, which was based              our talented team is motivated and engaged.                     A safety culture audit was completed during the year,
term given our need to store crude oil and other feedstocks,     on inspection followed closely by maintenance determined           That means ensuring our work culture                            highlighting positive aspects of staff and contractor
and then finished products prior to piping or shipping for end   by whatever was found.”                                            reflects the Company’s values, taps diverse                     perceptions of safety on site, along with areas for continued
use. We have 126 tanks of varying size and type on the           “There has been a range of other gains – notably a step                                                                            development.
refinery site that we maintain (clean and inspect) as part of
                                                                                                                                    experience and thinking and continues to
                                                                 forward in technology via the use of acoustic emissions                                                                            Those who model our values best are celebrated each year
the tank maintenance programme.                                  testing, which essentially listens for corrosion on the floor of
                                                                                                                                    foster opportunities for talented individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    through the Hive Awards. Contenders are nominated by their
The programme is continuous and must take account of             the tank in advance of physical inspection. That allows you to     The Company provides a dynamic, progressive and                 colleagues and winners are chosen by the Leadership Team
tank specifications, previous repair scopes and legislative      prioritise the inspection and subsequent work, which of            technically advanced environment for 412 employees and          across four categories – Rising Star, Valued Expert, True
requirements. Inspection and maintenance intervals for           course makes the programme more efficient and reduces              251 contractors (as at 31 December 2019). In recruiting         Professional and Most Valuable Player. The 10 recipients of
individual tanks are typically up to 15 years, with the tanks    the likelihood of surprises.”                                      and in the development of our teams we place a strong           the Hive Awards in 2019 – chosen for their commitment to
being out of service while the work is carried out.              “In that part of the programme we have engaged with a              emphasis on alignment with our values – Winning together,       the business and the value they bring to the workplace –
“Tank maintenance is a big budget item as well as a              leading supplier from the United Kingdom. It’s one of the          Honesty, Integrity, Respect, Leadership and Safety &            were each awarded a professional development opportunity.
major technical requirement,” says Hayden Cartwright, tank       areas in which we’ve brought in external expertise, with           Wellbeing. These underpin our culture and hence our             We continue our improvement journey through employing
programme manager, who has been running the programme            others including the cleaning of crude tanks, where we             performance.                                                    LEAN Principles to lift individual and team performance.
for the past year. “With a peak in scale, we decided last year   brought in expertise from Denmark.”                                Diversity and inclusion are important aspects of our culture.   In 2019, 17 LEAN projects brought $2 million of savings
to do a thorough review to see if we could improve the           “It’s fair to say the alternative approach has been a success,     We understand that diverse backgrounds and experience are       to the business through identifying better ways of working.
scheduling and delivery of the programme, while maintaining      with improvements in planning, efficiency, technology,             a source of strength, particularly in robust decision making.
quality and safety.”                                             safety and cost”.                                                  Maori are well represented across the business.
“It was an important time to do that because we had a bow                                                                           The proportion of women employed across the business
wave of work – the peak arrived in 2017-18 and lasts for                                                                            increased to around 20 per cent during the 2019 year.
another five to six years. Then we had an extra consideration                                                                       Our participation in the Global Women – Activate
– the potential changes to come in our storage profile                                                                              Programme and the Darden Executive Programme provides
associated with the larger tankers that could deliver crude to                                                                      opportunities to develop our female leaders. We also provide
the refinery after dredging for the Crude Shipping Project. We                                                                      scholarship and work experience opportunities for students
needed to make sure tank capacity would be available for that                                                                       drawn from our community.
– preferably without creating a need for new tanks, which
obviously come at a significant cost.”
40    REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                       41




     Our performance in 2019                                                                  2020 action plan                                       CASE STUDY
                                                                                                                                                     A reluctant winner enjoys the benefits
     • Continued rollout of the “One Team”                                                    • Continued participation in the Darden
       culture programme.                                                                       Executive Programme and the Global Women             Arran Beasley was one of seven recipients of Hive Awards in
                                                                                                – Activate Programme.                                the inaugural year, 2018. The award itself, and the reward
     • Inaugural Kaihautu Awards to reinforce
                                                                                                                                                     that came with it, both humbled and uplifted him.
       the Company’s values.                                                                  • Cultural safety development workshops
                                                                                                as part of the E Tu Tangata programme.               Arran, a pressure equipment inspector, leading the risk
     • Safety culture audit completed.                                                                                                               based inspection programme and engineering quality,
                                                                                              • Continued focus on values, with the safety           has worked in the Refinery since 1994. The award came as a
     • Mentoring provided to high-potential employees
                                                                                                observation programme acknowledging good             surprise. “I felt very undeserving. I was in a bit of a slump, I
       through leadership development programmes.
                                                                                                values-based behaviours observed in the field.       guess – not just with work, but also outside factors… but it
     • Increased female representation across                                                                                                        all impacted on my work. So when I won the award I was
                                                                                              • A regional Girls in Trades forum to be facilitated   originally going to turn it down. I decided instead, out of
       the Company to around 20 per cent.
                                                                                                in conjunction with the Ministry of Education,       respect for those who nominated me, to make the most of
     • Professional development awarded to                                                      supporting career pathways for young women           the opportunity.”
       ten recipients of Hive Awards.                                                           studying STEM courses.                               Arran is one of three recipients so far to have taken the
                                                                                                                                                     option of an Outward Bound course as his reward. The
                                                                                                                                                     various courses are designed to challenge and teach the
     Our performance by the numbers                                                                                                                  participants against the backdrop of the New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                     landscape, building transferable skills and attitudes that
                                                                                   2019             2018             2017          2016   2015       can apply to leadership, management, work and other
                                                                                                                                                     aspects of their lives.
     Number of staff
                                                     Headcount                      412              390              396          386    394        “I was always keen to do Outward Bound, so I gave it a go
     (excluding Directors)
                                                                                                                                                     and loved it,” Arran says. He had put his name forward for
                                                                                                                                                     the 21-day trip – the longest course available, with a strong
     Number of contractors                           Headcount                      251              265              293          178    178
                                                                                                                                                     focus on reflection and sharing among the participants.            “I’m a better person for being
     Contribution to regional economy*
                                                     % of
                                                     Northland GDP
                                                                                     6.5             6.8              7.3          7.5    7.5
                                                                                                                                                     Arran says it was all memorable. Solo nights away in the
                                                                                                                                                     bush, struggling up steep ridges loaded with 30kg packs,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          on the course, for my family and
                                                                                                                                                     waiting patiently for a puff of wind in the sails of ‘cutter’        the business. I certainly try to
                                                                                                                                                     sailboats, menial tasks like doing the dishes – there was
                                                                                                                                                     an opportunity to make something positive out of                     make sure they’re getting a
                                                                                                                                                     every situation.
                                                                                                                                                     “There were lots of people in my group who had worked
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          return on their time and financial
                                                                                                                                                     really hard to pay for their courses – they fund-raised, they        investment in me, by using the
                                                                                                                                                     got sponsorship, they saved, where mine was fully paid for.
                                                                                                                                                     I felt very, very grateful and privileged to be supported by my      skills I learned in Outward Bound
                                                                                                                                                     workplace to be there.
                                                                                                                                                     “I came away from that experience recognising that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          and bringing them into my
                                                                                                                                                     everyone has a major contribution they can make,” he says.           personal and work environments.”
                                                                                                                                                     Refining NZ is thrilled to have the opportunity to reinvest
                                                                                                                                                     in the business by offering professional development for
                                                                                                                                                     employees. We have truly talented and capable staff. They
                                                                                                                                                     are our greatest asset and we pride ourselves on our ability
                                                                                                                                                     to attract and retain the very best.
          Over $2 million                          Increasing diversity
        savings contributed                       across the workplace.
          through LEAN                              Female employees
           improvement                             around 20% for the
             projects                                   first time




     * Source: www.infometrics.co.nz
        Historical information may be occasionally revised by infometrics as more accurate source data information is available.
42   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                           43




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                                               LEADERSHIP TEAM




          Simon Allen                    Deborah Boffa                 Riccardo Cavallo                Joe Akari                   Robin Baxter                    Andrew Brewer
      Independent Chairman                      Director                       Director              Chief People and            Engineering Manager               Chief Operating Officer
     Equity interest: 35,000 shares        Equity interest: Nil           Equity interest: Nil       Capability Officer
             (2018: 35,000)




         Lindis Jones                     James Miller                 Vanessa Stoddart              Julian Young                 Denise Jensen                      Greg McNeill
               Director                 Independent Director            Independent Director     Chief Development Officer     Chief Financial Officer and      Communications and External
          Equity interest: Nil        Equity interest: 23,000 shares      Equity interest: Nil                                    Company Secretary                 Affairs Manager
                                              (2018: 23,000)




                                                                                                                                                             For full biographies see our website
                                                                                                                                                             REFININGNZ.COM
         Paul Zealand                                                    Napo Henare                 Jack Stewart                    Kevin Still
         Managing Director                                             Refining NZ Kaumatua      Acting Refining Manager           Supply Chain and
          Equity interest: Nil                                          (Cultural advisor to                                 Business Optimisation Manager
                                                                        Managing Director)
                                                                         Equity interest: Nil
44        REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        45




GOVERNANCE
AT REFINING NZ
The New Zealand Refining Company Limited (“the Company”,
“Refining NZ”) operates in New Zealand and is listed on the
NZX’s Main Board. It is subject to regulatory control and monitoring
by both the NZX and the Financial Markets Authority (“FMA”).
Our Corporate Governance framework sets out our Board’s practices
and processes to provide accountability to shareholders for
Refining NZ’s actions and performance.


While this section of the Annual Report provides                                     Responsibilities of the Board and its Committees                             Independence of Directors                                                            The three largest shareholders of the Company are also
information on our corporate governance, Refining NZ’s                               The Board is responsible for setting the Company’s                           The Board currently consists of seven Directors:                                     major customers, either directly or through wholly owned
full governance statement, including detailed reporting                              strategic direction and for providing oversight of the                                                                                                            subsidiaries, and have representation on the Board which
                                                                                                                                                                  −− Simon Allen (the Chair), Vanessa Stoddart,
against the NZX Corporate Governance Code, together                                  management of the Company, with the aim of increasing                                                                                                             could lead to a conflict of interest. Clause 8.16.1 of the
                                                                                                                                                                      and James Miller are Independent Directors*.
with our governance policies can we viewed on                                        shareholder value and ensuring the obligations of the                                                                                                             Constitution allows for the Independent Directors to act
the ”Investor Centre” section of our website:                                                                                                                     −− Paul Zealand assuming the role of Managing                                        as the Board in respect of matters that pose a conflict of
                                                                                     Company are properly met. The Board is accountable to
www.refiningnz.com/. The website makes available                                                                                                                     Director effective 1 February 2020, ceasing to be an 		                           interest if raised at the full Board. The role of the
                                                                                     shareholders for the performance of the Company, with
the following governance documents:                                                                                                                                  Independent Director under the NZX Listing Rules.                                 Independent Directors is:
                                                                                     day-to-day management of the Company delegated to
−− Constitution                                                                      the Chief Executive.                                                         −− Deborah Boffa, Riccardo Cavallo and Lindis Jones                                 −− to act as the Board in relation to those matters to be
                                                                                                                                                                      are not Independent.                                                                 decided by the Board in which all of the other Directors
−− Board and Committee Governance                                                    The Board uses committees to address certain issues that
                                                                                     require detailed consideration by members of the Board                       The Chairman is an Independent Director, responsible                                     have an interest which disqualifies them from forming
   •   Board Charter
                                                                                     who have specialist knowledge and experience. The Board                      for representing the Board to shareholders.                                              part of the quorum and voting; and
   •   Audit, Risk and Finance Committee Charter
                                                                                     retains ultimate responsibility for the functions of its                     Independence is assessed according to the NZX Main                                   −− to act as a Committee of the Board to deal with
   •   Health, Safety, Environment and Operations                                   committees and determines their responsibilities.                                                                                                                     matters delegated or referred to it by the Board or
                                                                                                                                                                  Board Listing Rules criteria.
        Committee Charter                                                            There are four Board Committees:                                                                                                                                      Management, including ensuring that issues
   •   Independent Directors Committee Charter                                       −− the Audit, Risk and Finance Committee                                                                                                                             concerning the major customers, and in particular any
   •   People, Nominations and Remuneration                                             comprising four members, of which three were                                                                                                                      conflicts of interest, are dealt with in a transparent
        Committee Charter                                                                Independent Directors* in 2019;                                                                                                                                   manner for the benefit of the Company as a whole.

−− Policies                                                                          −− the People, Nominations and Remuneration
                                                                                         Committee comprising five members in 2019,
   •   Auditor Independence Policy Statement                                                                                                                      Meeting attendance
                                                                                         of which four were Independent Directors*;
   •   Code of Conduct                                                                                                                                            Director attendance at Board and sub-committee meetings during 2019 were as follows:
                                                                                     −− the Independent Directors Committee comprising
   •   Continuous Disclosure Policy                                                      in 2019 all four Independent Directors*; and                                                                           BOARD HEALTH, SAFETY, AUDIT, RISK       PEOPLE, INDEPENDENT    SITE
   •   Director and Executive Remuneration Policy                                    −− the Health, Safety, Environment and Operations                                                                       MEETING^ ENVIRONMENTAL & FINANCE     NOMINATIONS     DIRECTORS WALKS
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       AND OPERATIONS COMMITTEE            AND       MEETING
   •   Diversity and Inclusion Policy                                                    Committee comprising all Directors.                                                                                               COMMITTEE              REMUNERATION
       Environmental Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                          COMMITTEE
   •
                                                                                     The respective roles of the Board, its Committees
                                                                                     and Management (the Leadership Team) are set out                             S Allen                                            14/14                       4/4               5/5                      4/4                  9/9            4
   •   Health & Safety Policy
   •   Securities Trading Policy                                                     in the Board’s and relevant Committees’ Charters.                            D Boffa                                            13/14                       3/4                                        3/4                                 3

   •   Takeovers Policy                                                              The Directors, the Board and all Committees                                  R Cavallo                                          14/14                       4/4                                                                            3
                                                                                     annually evaluate their own performance, processes                           L Jones                                            11/14                       4/4               4/4                                                          2
   •   Whistleblowing Policy
                                                                                     and procedures to ensure that they are appropriate
                                                                                                                                                                  J Miller                                           13/14                       4/4               5/5                      2/2                  9/9            3
The Board considers that it has followed the                                         to assist the Board in effectively fulfilling its role and
recommendations in the NZX Code during the financial                                 meeting its duties.                                                          V Stoddart                                         14/14                       4/4                                        4/4                  9/9            2
year ended 31 December 2019. The governance                                                                                                                       M Tume (resigned 21 February 2019)                   1/1                       1/2               1/1                                                          1
statement was last approved by the Board on                                                                                                                       P Zealand*                                         13/14                       4/4               5/5                      4/4                  8/9            3
5 December 2019 and is current as at that date.



* Paul Zealand assumed the role of Managing Director on 1/2/20 following the resignation of the Chief Executive. At this point, he ceased to be an Independent   ^
                                                                                                                                                                  includes April 2019 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and meetings held throughout the year in relation to the Chief Executive resignation and appointment and
  Director under the NZX Listing Rules. He will resume his position as a Non-Executive Director when Naomi James takes up the position of Chief Executive in        Government Inquiry into the Pipeline outage.
  April 2020.
46         REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  47




REMUNERATION
& PEOPLE REPORT
Director and executive team remuneration                                             Directors’ remuneration is set at a level to remain                   The Directors do not participate in any profit-based                There was no short term incentive paid in
The Company has adopted a Director and Executive                                     comparable with other companies in New Zealand,                       incentive system. No Director of the Company has                    respect of the 2019 performance year.
Remuneration Policy for remuneration of the Board and                                taking into account the expertise, skills and responsibilities        received, or become entitled to receive, a benefit (other           The STI payment is subject to the achievement
Leadership Team. Refining NZ’s remuneration framework                                of Directors. The Directors of the subsidiary companies,              than a benefit included in the total emoluments received            of agreed Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s).
and policies are overseen by the People, Nominations                                 Independent Petroleum Laboratory Limited Maranga Ra                   or due and receivable by Directors shown in this report),           Short-term performance incentives are deemed
and Remuneration Committee in line with the Charter.                                 Limited and Maranga Ra Holdings Limited, are not                      including shares, remuneration paid by subsidiary                   “at risk” payments designed to motivate and reward
                                                                                     remunerated in that position.                                         company or other payments from services provided                    performance in the financial year. The STI is paid in
Remuneration                                                                         The remuneration and other benefits, excluding                        (including Directors and Officers insurance cover).                 the year following the performance period. The KPIs
Refining NZ aims to attract and retain appropriately                                 reimbursements, received by the individual Directors                  The Chairman does not receive additional fees for being             agreed for the 2019 financial year relate to areas
qualified and experienced individuals. Refining NZ applies                           of the Company during the year were as follows:                       on a Committee. No loans have been made to Directors.               of health and safety, plant reliability, leadership,
a fair and equitable approach to remuneration and reward                                                                                                                                                                       financial and in-full on-time in-spec product delivery.
                                                                                                                                                           Chief Executive Remuneration
practices, taking into account internal and external                                                                             2019   2018                                                                                   The weightings applied are as follows:
relativities balanced against the commercial environment.                                                                    ANNUAL ANNUAL                 Chief Executive’s employment commenced on 27 August
                                                                                                                                FEES   FEES                                                                                     KPI CATEGORY                                     WEIGHTING
                                                                                                                                    $      $               2018. On 17 September 2019 Mike Fuge advised of his                                                                           %
The Board will take independent advice and establish
                                                                                                                                                           decision to resign from his role which became effective
market rates and medians against New Zealand                                         Board of Directors                                                                                                                         Health and safety (personal and process)                   40
                                                                                                                                                           on 21 February 2020. As a result of the change,
businesses of comparable size and complexity, having                                 Chairman                                 180,000       180,000                                                                             Financial                                                  15
                                                                                                                                                           the remuneration detail provided below relates to
regard to industry specific and generic roles. Individual
                                                                                     Independent Director                        75,000      75,000        payments made to the resigning Chief Executive.                      Projects and critical milestones                           15
performance, company performance and market relativity
are key considerations in setting remuneration levels.                               Non-independent Director                    75,000      75,000        The Chief Executive’s remuneration is approved by                    Leadership                                                 25
                                                                                     Audit, Risk and Finance (ARF)                                         the Board and is reviewed annually.
In 2019, the Company engaged remuneration consultants                                                                                                                                                                           Plant reliability                                         2.5
Korn Ferry to undertake a comprehensive pay equity                                   Committee                                                             Total Remuneration paid to Mike Fuge in the period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                In-full, on-time, in-spec product delivery                2.5
review to help ensure that remuneration processes                                    Chairman                                    30,000      30,000        1 January to December 2019 was $932,000 and
equitably reward performance.                                                                                                                              comprised of two components:
                                                                                     Member                                      12,500      12,500                                                                            Each category of KPI is “scored” against the agreed
In 2018, the Board took independent advice in relation                               People, Nominations and                                               −− fixed remuneration – base salary of $900,000, and                targets for those KPI’s. There are various performance
to the remuneration offered to the Chief Executive and                               Remuneration (PNR) Committee                                          −− other benefits of $32,000.                                       levels within each KPI category; below target, on-target,
a number of Leadership Team members.                                                 Chairman                                    20,000      20,000                                                                            and above target. The individual category scores are
                                                                                     Member                                       5,000       5,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               weighted and combined to determine the Chief Executive
Directors’ Remuneration                                                                                                                                                                                                        Performance Factor (CEPF). On-target performance is an
The Board determines the level of remuneration paid to                               Independent Directors Committee                                                                                                           STI equivalent to 45% of Base Salary, with a maximum
Directors within the amounts approved by shareholders                                Member                                      20,000      20,000                                                                            of 65% of Base Salary for exceptional performance.
(that is, from the approved collective pool). The current                            Health, Safety, Environment and                                                                                                           The Chief Executive participates in the Employee Share
approved fee pool limit is $900,000 and was approved by                              Operations (HSEO) Committee                                                                                                               Purchase Scheme.
shareholders at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in April                            Chairman                                    10,000      10,000
2018. The Company undertook a market benchmarking
of Directors’ fees in 2019. However, recognising the
Company’s financial performance, the Board has elected
not to increase Directors’ fees at this time.


                                                            APPOINTED      BOARD        ARF       PNR INDEPENDENT      HSEO                       TOTAL    Five year summary – Chief Executive Remuneration
                                                                             FEES COMMITTEE COMMITTEE    DIRECTORS COMMITTEE                       FEES
                                                                                       FEES      FEES   COMMITTEE       FEES                               FINANCIAL CEO                         BASE OTHER SUBTOTAL PAY FOR PERFORMANCE STI AGAINST      TOTAL
                                                                                                              FEES                                         YEAR                                SALARY                                (STI) MAXIMUM REMUNERATION
                                                                                $         $         $            $         $                           $                                                                       KPI BASED DISCRETIONARY
S C Allen                Independent Chairman                 4 Dec 2014   180,000                                                               180,000                                         $000    $000          $000         $000             $000                %               $000

D C Boffa                BP                                 23 Aug 2017     75,000                      3,616                                     78,616   FY2019      Mike Fuge                  900      32           932              -               -                   -            932
                                                                                                                                                           FY2018      Mike Fuge                  316      61           377          165                 -              81                542
R Cavallo                Mobil                               12 Apr 2017    75,000                                                                75,000
                                                                                                                                                                       (from 27 August 2018)
L Jones                  Z Energy                           19 Mar 2018     75,000       9,041                                                    84,041   FY2018      Sjoerd Post                705      37           742          300              300               98               1,342
J Miller                 Independent                          1 Nov 2018    75,000      27,083                          20,000                   122,083               (to 31 August 2018)
V C M Stoddart Independent                                 20 May 2013     75,000                     20,000            20,000                   115,000   FY2017      Sjoerd Post                982      45          1,027         405              150               94               1,582

M Tume*                 Independent                          1 Aug 2007     10,685       4,274                           2,849                    17,808   FY2016      Sjoerd Post                958      41           999          540                 -              93               1,539

P A Zealand             Independent                         29 Aug 2016    75,000      12,500           5,000           20,000            10,000 122,500   FY2015      Sjoerd Post                940      41           981          438                 -              78               1,419


*M Tume resigned as Independent Director effective 21 February 2019.
48      REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                          49




Scenario charts – Chief Executive Performance                   The scenario chart below depicts the remuneration for         Employee Share Purchase Scheme                               AMOUNT OF      NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
pay for 2020                                                    the part year ended 31 December 2020 including the fixed      The Company established the Employee Share Scheme            REMUNERATION
                                                                remuneration and the STI; the LTI is not disclosed as the                                                                  $000           2019        2018
In April 2020 Naomi James will commence as the                                                                                which is tax exempt in accordance with the section
Company’s new Chief Executive. To cover the transition          underlying measures and targets for the LTI have not been     CW26C of the Income Tax Act 2007 (as amended).               100-109        17          16
from incumbent Mike Fuge to the new CEO, Independent            finalised as of the date of this report.                      The purpose of the scheme was to recognise the
                                                                                                                                                                                           110-119        18          15
Director Paul Zealand was appointed Managing Director           As a percentage of fixed remuneration, for performance        important contribution of the employees to the
effective 1 February 2020 ceasing to be an Independent          that “meets expectations”, the STI component would            Company’s future and to assist the Company in                120-129        18          12
Director for the purposes of the NZX Listing Rules.             pay out at 45% of fixed remuneration. At “maximum”,           retaining and motivating employees.
                                                                for performance that exceeds expectations, the STI                                                                         130-139        31          27
Chief Executive, Naomi James’s remuneration                                                                                   A trust has been created under the scheme for the
package includes:                                               component would pay out at 65% of fixed remuneration.         purpose of purchasing the Company’s shares on the            140-149        27          26
−− a base salary of $995,000 per annum;                        In addition to the remuneration of the new Chief              New Zealand Stock Exchange (“the NZX”) and holding
                                                                Executive, Naomi James:                                       those shares until they vest with each participating         150-159        33          26
−− a short-term performance incentive (STI) payment
                                                                −− $131 thousand was paid to the incumbent CEO,              employee over a three-year period. For further details
    based on performance against KPI’s. Short-term                                                                                                                                         160-169        28          31
                                                                    Mike Fuge for the period from 1 January to                on the scheme refer to the consolidated financial
    performance incentives are deemed “at risk”
                                                                    21 February 2020;                                         statements included in the latest Annual Report.             170-179        33          32
    payments designed to motivate and reward
    performance in the financial year. The STI is               −− Approximately $150 thousand will be paid to               The Company estimates the annual operating costs of          180-189        24          22
    paid in the year following the performance period;              Paul Zealand, Managing Director in his executive          the scheme of approximately $11,000 and the cost of
                                                                    capacity for the period from February to April 2020.      the contribution of approximately $314,000 per year,         190-199        29          24
−− a long-term incentive plan (LTI) in a form of:
                                                                                                                              depending on the business performance.
   -- a grant of initial performance rights equivalent to one                                                                                                                              200-209        16          16
                                                                Leadership team and other employees’
      year’s base salary ($995,000) that will vest on the       remuneration profile                                          Employee Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                                           210-219        6           10
      4th anniversary of commencement subject to the 		                                                                       The following table shows the number of employees
                                                                The Leadership Team and employees with Individual
      achievement of a minimum “on target” performance                                                                        and former employees (including members of the               220-229        4           5
                                                                Employment Agreements (IEAs) are remunerated with
      against annual controllable KPI’s during the                                                                            Leadership Team), not being Directors, who, in their
                                                                a mix of base salary and benefits, and short-term                                                                          230-239        4           11
      resting period;                                                                                                         capacity as employees, received remuneration and
                                                                performance incentives. The remuneration of the Chief
   -- performance rights equivalent to 25% of base salary       Executive and selected Leadership Team members was            other benefits during 2019 of at least $100,000.             240-249        4           7
      on the first anniversary of the commencement date,        externally benchmarked in 2018. The determination of          The remuneration figures include all monetary                250-259        2           3
      25% on the 2nd anniversary and 50% on each 		             fixed remuneration is based on responsibilities, individual   payments actually made during the year and contributions
      successive anniversary, with each tranche having          performance and experience, and market data. At-risk,         made by the Company as a part of the share scheme.           260-269        3           3
      a 3 year vesting period with a further year to vest.      variable remuneration, comprises individual performance       Remuneration excludes amounts paid post 31 December
      The Chief Executive’s entitlement is capped                                                                                                                                          270-279        1           -
                                                                rewards, based on:                                            2019 that relate to performance during the 2019 financial
      at $6 million.                                                                                                          year. No employees appointed as a Director of IPL, a
                                                                −− achievement of Company Business Performance                                                                            280-289        2           1
                                                                    Targets which include: the frequency of personal          subsidiary company of Refining NZ, receive or retain any
                                                                                                                              remuneration or other benefits for holding this office.      290-299        -           2
                                                                    safety incidents (Total Recordable Case Frequency),
                                                                    the number of process safety incidents (Tier I and        The analysis (see chart) is compiled on a cash basis;        310-319        -           1
                                                                    Tier II), safety walks (Hauora Hikoi) and talks (Hauora   variable performance rewards (linked to individual and
$1,400,000                                                          Korero), level of operating costs, unplanned downtime     business performance for a financial reporting period)       320-329        -           2
                     Fixed remuneration                             and delivery in full, on time, in-spec to our customers   are paid subsequent to balance date and reported as          350-359        2           1
$1,200,000                                                          and achievement of critical project milestones;           part of the remuneration banding for the following year.
                     Annual variable                            −− Individual Performance Factors (IPFs) based on            The table alongside includes the incentive payment paid      360-369        -           1
                                                                    achievement of individual performance objectives; and     to the CEO in respect of 2018.
$1,000,000                                                                                                                                                                                 370-379        -           2
                                                       39%      −− values and behaviours demonstrated by the individual.     The ratio between employee remuneration (median)
                                          31%                                                                                 and Chief Executive’s total annualised, on-target            390-399        -           1
  $800,000
                                                                                                                              remuneration for the 2019 financial year (on a cash basis)
                                                                                                                                                                                           450-459        -           1
                                                                                                                              was 1:7 (2018: 1:11).
  $600,000                                                                                                                                                                                 470-479
                                                                                                                              The 2019 remuneration includes amounts paid past                            1           1
                                                                                                                              31 December 2018 that relate to performance during the
  $400,000                                                                                                                                                                                 490-499        1           -
                                                                                                                              2018 financial year. There was no short term incentive
                         100%             69%          61%                                                                    payment made to staff post 31 December 2019 in relation      760-769        1           -
  $200,000                                                                                                                    to the 2019 performance.
                                                                                                                                                                                           1,090-1,099    1           -

           $                                                                                                                                                                               1,910-1,919    -           1
                 FIXED            ON TARGET ABOVE TARGET
                                             (MAXIMUM)
50     REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                              51




OUR PEOPLE                                                                                                            ETHNICITY
                                                                                                                      Ethnicity of the Group’s permanent employees and Board as at 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                                      The Group collects information from all permanent employees on which ethnicity they chose to identify with.
                                                                                                                      We allow employees to select ‘other’ or chose not to respond.


                                                                                                                         Directors                                                            Leadership Team

                                                                                                                                                                           2019                                                           2019
GENDER
                                                                                                                                         NZ European/Pakeha            5      71%                           NZ European/Pakeha        4      50%
Gender composition of the Group’s permanent
                                                                                                                                         Other European                2      29%                           Pacific Islander/         1      13%
workforce as at 31 December 2019.                                                                                                                                                                           Pacific Islander &
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Other Ethnicity
  Directors                                   Leadership Team                     Workforce                                                                                                                 Other European            3      37%

                              2019                                  2019                                 2019

              Females     2      29%                  Females   1      13%                Females       78      19%
              Males       5      71%                  Males     7      87%                Males         326 81%
                                                                                                                         Workforce                                                            TOTAL
                              2018                                  2018                                 2018
                                                                                                                                                                           2019                                                           2019

              Females     2      29%                  Females   1      13%                Females       62      16%
                                                                                                                                         NZ European/Pakeha            231        57%                       NZ European/Pakeha        240    57%
              Males       5      71%                  Males     7      87%                Males         320 84%                          Maori                         25         6%                        Maori                     25     6%
                                                                                                                                         Maori & NZ European           27         7%                        Maori & NZ European       27     7%
                                                                                                                                         Maori & Other Ethnicity       3          1%                        Maori & Other Ethnicity   3      1%
                                                                                                                                         Pacific Islander/             5          1%                        Pacific Islander/         6      1%
AGE PROFILE                                                                                                                              Pacific Islander &                                                 Pacific Islander &
                                                                                                                                         Other Ethnicity                                                    Other Ethnicity
Age profile composition of the Group’s permanent
                                                                                                                                         Other European           62              15%                       Other European           67      16%
workforce as at 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                                                         Asian                    12              3%                        Asian                    12      3%
                                                                                                                                         African                  5               1%                        African                  5       1%
  Directors                                   Leadership Team                     Workforce
                                                                                                                                         Indian                   7               2%                        Indian                   7       2%
                              2019                                  2019                                     2019
                                                                                                                                         Other                    5               1%                        Other                    5       1%
                                                                                                                                         Information not provided 22              6%                        Information not provided 22      5%
              Under 30 0         0%                   Under 30 0           0%                 Under 30 30       7%
              30-50       3      43%                  30-50     1          12%                30-50     232 58%
              Over 50     4      57%                  Over 50   7          88%                Over 50   142     35%
                                                                                                                      NATIONALITY
                              2018                                  2018                                     2018
                                                                                                                      Nationality of the Group’s permanent employees
                                                                                                                      and Board as at 31 December 2019.
              Under 30 0         0%                   Under 30 0           0%                 Under 30 25       6%
              30-50       3      43%                  30-50     0          0%                 30-50     232 60%                                                            2019
              Over 50     4      57%                  Over 50   8          100%               Over 50   125     34%
                                                                                                                                         New Zealand              318             76%
  TOTAL                                                                                                                                  United Kingdom           15              4%
                                                                                                                                         Australia                15              4%
                              2019
                                                                                                                                         South Africa             13              3%
                                                                                                                                         Other                    36              8%
              Under 30 30        7%                                                                                                      Information not provided 22              5%
              30-50       236 57%
              Over 50     153    36%

                              2018

              Under 30 25        6%
              30-50       235 58%
              Over 50     137    36%
52      REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 53




FINANCIAL COMMENTARY                                                                                                                          STATUTORY DISCLOSURES

EBITDA                                            Free Cash Flow                                           Net Profit After Tax




$    118M $39.4M $4.2M
The Company had an excellent operational performance                       to MARPOL not materialising – resulted in the Company              Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance                               Independent professional advice
in 2019, with operational availability on the Refinery’s                   reporting a Gross Refining Margin of USD 5.34 for the year         The Company has granted indemnities to its Directors,            With the approval of the Chairman, Directors are entitled
processing units at 99.7%. A record crude throughput of                    (2018:USD 6.31).                                                   Senior Leadership Team members, and persons whom it              to seek independent professional advice on any aspect
42.7 million barrels (up 6% on the previous year), resulted                Operating costs were tightly controlled during the year as         has appointed as Directors of its subsidiaries in relation to    of their Director’s duties, at the Company’s expense.
in several production records – the highest Hydrocracker                   Refinery operations came under sustained pressure from             potential liabilities and costs they may incur in those roles.
unit utilisation rate in ten years and the highest refined                 higher electricity and gas prices.                                 The indemnities are subject to certain limitations that are      Use of Company information
product make and customer product offtakes. Refined                                                                                           prescribed by law and they do not cover settlements or           The Board did not receive any notices from any Director
                                                                           Refining NZ reported a NPAT of $4.2 million in line with
product delivered via the RAP at 20.8 million barrels was                                                                                     admissions prejudicing a successful defence of a claim           of the Company or its subsidiaries during the year,
                                                                           the Company’s profit matrix issued in February 2019,
the second highest on record.                                                                                                                 without the Company’s consent as well as the indemnified         requesting to use Company information received in their
                                                                           taking into account the $3.8 million NPAT impact of the
A confluence of negative influences led to a low margin                    Transpower outage in November 2019. The financial year             person’s advisor costs after the defence of a claim              capacity as a Director, which would not otherwise have
environment in the second half of the year meaning that                    2019 result was assisted by a favourable USD/ NZD                  has been assumed by the Company, unless they are                 been available to them.
the Company was not able to fully capitalise on the strong                 exchange rate which averaged USD 0.66 for the year.                reasonably necessary.
operational performance. Weaker than expected global                                                                                                                                                           Donations
                                                                           Capital expenditure amounted to $78 million, down from             The Company has arranged Directors’ and Officers’
refining margins, driven by a slowdown in the global                                                                                          Liability Insurance for its Directors, Leadership Team           The Company made donations of $175,644 during
                                                                           $162 million in 2018 when the Company completed the
economy, Chinese refinery exports, additional refining                                                                                        and persons whom it has appointed as Directors of                the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: $171,329).
                                                                           one-in-fifteen year total refinery Turnaround.
capacity coming online earlier than expected, sanctions                                                                                       its subsidiaries, which provide them with insurance in           No political donations were made.
imposed on Chinese crude tanker companies by the United                                                                                       respect of certain liabilities and costs they may incur
States and the expected lift in diesel margins in the lead up                                                                                                                                                  Credit rating
                                                                                                                                              in those roles. This insurance is limited to cover that
                                                                                                                                              is not prohibited by law.                                        The Company does not have a credit rating.



2020 PROFIT MATRIX
                                                US$ EXCHANGE RATE
                                                      0.50          0.55                0.60        0.65           0.70               0.75
The profitability of a                GRM
                                   US$/BBL        (38)           (51)             (61)           (69)            (69)         (69)
refining business is largely
                                       3.10
dependent on refiners’
                                  “Fee Floor”
                                                         290             307             322            333             333             333
margins and the USD
exchange rate. These
                                                  1              (15)             (28)           (39)            (49)         (57)
variables are largely                  4.00
outside our control and can                              236             258             276            292             305             317
have significant volatility.
As a result it is difficult for
                                                  45              25                9             (6)            (18)         (28)
the Company to provide                 5.00
absolute forecasts of                                    191             211             228            245             262             276
profitability; instead we
provide a profit matrix.                          89              65               45             28             14               1
This indicates our                     6.00
expected 2020 NPAT and                                   148             171             191            208             223             236
year end borrowings for
given margin and foreign                          133            105               82             62             45            30
exchange rates.                        7.00
                                                         104             132             155            175             191             206

                                                  Net profit after tax    41.7 Production (million barrels)
                                                  Borrowings              65 Non processing fee revenue excluding pass through income ($m)
                                                                          107 Depreciation ($m)
54            REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                       55




SHAREHOLDER AND
BONDHOLDER INFORMATION
Twenty largest shareholders                                                                                                        Shareholder and bondholder spread
As at 31 January 2020                                                                                                              As at 31 January 2020
]\-[=’]’-’
             SHAREHOLDERS                                                               TOTAL SHARES HELD          % OF TOTAL                                              SHAREHOLDERS                                  BONDHOLDERS

1            Mobil Oil New Zealand Limited                                                         53,760,000           17.20%     NO. OF SHARES /                NO. OF     %        NUMBER OF  % OF       NO. OF     %              NO. OF      % OF
                                                                                                                                                           SHAREHOLDERS HOLDER          SHARES SHARES BONDHOLDERS HOLDER              BONDS     BONDS
                                                                                                                                   BONDS
2            Z Energy Limited                                                                      47,999,980           15.36%
                                                                                                                                   1 - 499                           236     5.46%         62,418     0.02%
3            BP New Zealand Holdings Limited                                                       31,572,640           10.10%
                                                                                                                                   500 - 999                         257     5.95%         178,810    0.06%
4            HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited *                                                 25,985,326            8.31%
                                                                                                                                   1,000 - 1,999                     552    12.77%        741,672     0.24%
5            Citibank Nominees (New Zealand) Limited *                                             20,867,072            6.68%     2,000 - 4,999                    1,177    27.24%      3,748,179    1.20%
6            Accident Compensation Corporation *                                                    16,097,524           5.15%     5,000 - 9,999                     778    18.00%       5,263,877    1.68%         41     8.07%     229,000    0.31%
7            HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited A/C Sate Street *                                 15,711,219            5.03%     10,000 - 49,999                  1,128    26.11%     20,897,792    6.68%        327    64.37%    6,618,000   8.82%
8            JP Morgan Chase Bank NZ NZ Branch - Segregated Clients Acct *                         11,284,588            3.61%     50,000 - 99,999                   110     2.55%       6,956,182    2.23%         84    16.54%    4,601,000   6.13%

9            BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Limited * (NZCSD<COGN40>)                                    6,815,452            2.18%     100,000 - 499,999                  64      1.48%     11,252,870    3.60%         43     8.46%    6,619,000   8.83%

10           BNP Paribas Nominees (NZ) Limited *(NZCSD<BPSS407>)                                    6,241,921            2.00%     500,000 - 999,999                   8     0.19%       5,960,241    1.91%          2     0.39%    1,000,000    1.33%
                                                                                                                                   1,000,000 upwards                  11     0.25%     257,514,412   82.38%         11     2.17% 55,933,000 74.58%
11           FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                 4,084,462            1.31%
12           National Nominees Limited *                                                            2,800,581            0.90%                                     4,321 100.00%       312,576,453 100.00%         508 100.00% 75,000,000 100.00%

13           Masfen Securities Limited                                                              2,274,539            0.73%
14           Tea Custodians Limited Client Property Trust Account *                                 2,252,770            0.72%     Geographical spread
                                                                                                                                   As at 31 January 2020
15           New Zealand Depository Nominee Limited                                                 2,199,637            0.70%
16           Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                        1,318,447            0.42%                                          SHAREHOLDERS                                  BONDHOLDERS
17           New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited *                                               1,200,000            0.38%                                                                                                                      %
                                                                                                                                                                  NO OF      %        NUMBER OF        % OF       NO OF      %        NO. OF
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   OF
                                                                                                                                   LOCATION                SHAREHOLDERS HOLDER          SHARES       SHARES BONDHOLDERS HOLDER        BONDS
18           JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                            1,115,761           0.36%                                                                                                                  BONDS

19           Century Securities Limited                                                             1,018,638            0.33%     Auckland (Greater)              1,319    30.53%    219,168,910    70.12%         149    29.33% 28,687,000 38.25%
                                                                                                                                   Wellington (Greater)             545     12.61%     62,322,259    19.94%         116    22.83% 19,895,000 26.52%
20           Gary John van Leeuwen & Caroline Frances van Leeuwen                                   1,009,248            0.32%
                                                                                                                                   Whangarei/Northland              479     11.09%      5,227,833     1.67%          13     2.56%    645,000    0.86%
                                                                                                  255,609,805           81.79%
                                                                                                                                   Other North Island                911    21.08%     12,747,417     4.08%         121    23.82% 3,297,000     4.40%

The shareholder spread table on page 55 groups shares held by NZCSD (denoted by * in the table above) as a single legal holding.   South Island                     943     21.82%     12,172,098     3.89%         102    20.08% 22,297,000 29.73%
                                                                                                                                   Australia                         66      1.53%       464,345      0.15%           1     0.20%     50,000    0.07%
Substantial product holders
As at 31 January 2020                                                                                                              Other Overseas                    58      1.34%       473,591      0.15%           6     1.18%    129,000    0.17%

The following shareholders each hold 5% or more of the issued capital of the Company and have filed notices                                                        4,321 100.00%      312,576,453 100.00%           508 100.00% 75,000,000 100.00%
with the Company under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 that they are substantial product holders in the Company.


                                                                                              NO. OF ORDINARY SHARES
Mobil Oil NZ Limited                                                                                             53,760,000
Z Energy Limited                                                                                                 47,999,980
BP New Zealand Holdings Limited                                                                                  31,572,640
Wellington Management Group LLP                                                                                  29,220,118
Accident Compensation Corporation                                                                                15,777,524

The total number of quoted voting products of the Company on issue at 31 December 2019 and 31 January 2020 was
312,576,453 fully paid shares.
56   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                                             57




     THE
                                      Consolidated Financial Statements
                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




     NUMBERS
                                                                                                                              PAGE

                                      Group Financial Statements
                                      Consolidated Income Statement                                                 58
                                      The income earned and operating expenditure incurred by the Refining NZ Group
                                      during the financial year		
                                      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                               59
                                      Items of income and operating expense not recognised in the income statement
                                      and hence taken to reserves in equity		
                                      Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                  60
                                      A summary of the Refining NZ Group assets and liabilities at the end of the financial year		
                                      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               62
                                      Components that make up the capital and reserves of the Refining NZ Group
                                      and the changes of each component during the financial year		
                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                       64
                                      Cash generated and used by the Refining NZ Group during the financial year
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                             65
                                      PERFORMANCE                                                                                69
                                      DEBT AND EQUITY                                                                            80
                                      OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                                           86
                                      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT                                                                 103
                                      OTHER                                                                                     111
                                      Independent Auditor’s Report                                                              114
58        REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                59




Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                   GROUP      GROUP                                                                                                                                          GROUP     GROUP
                                                                                                                      2019       2018                                                                                                                                          2019       2018
                                                                                                          NOTE        $000       $000                                                                                                                               NOTE       $000       $000
INCOME                                                                                                                                   NET PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                                                         4,165     29,616
Revenue                                                                                                     1, 2   344,861    359,316    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other income                                                                                                1, 2     3,514      3,150    Items that will not be reclassified to the Income Statement
TOTAL INCOME                                                                                                       348,375    362,466    Defined benefit plan actuarial gain/(loss)                                                                                  18(k)   7,681     (16,024)
EXPENSES                                                                                                                                 Deferred tax on defined benefit plan actuarial (gain)/loss                                                                     4    (2,151)    4,487
Purchase of process materials and utilities                                                                   2     98,082     81,140    Total items that will not be reclassified to the Income Statement                                                                   5,530     (11,537)
Materials and contractor payments                                                                             2     31,340     29,003
Wages, salaries and benefits                                                                                  2     61,247     61,268    Items that may be subsequently reclassified to the Income Statement
Administration and other costs                                                                                2     39,471     38,408    Movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                           20    (3,094)    7,856
TOTAL EXPENSES                                                                                                     230,140    209,819    Deferred tax on movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                            4      866      (2,200)
EARNINGS BEFORE DEPRECIATION, FINANCE COSTS AND INCOME TAX                                                         118,235    152,647    Total items that may be subsequently reclassified to the Income Statement                                                           (2,228)    5,656
Depreciation and disposal costs                                                                            2, 10    99,931     97,075    TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS), AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                           3,302      (5,881)
NET PROFIT BEFORE FINANCE COSTS AND INCOME TAX                                                                      18,304     55,572    TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                           7,467     23,735
FINANCE COSTS                                                                                                                            ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
Finance income                                                                                                2        (44)      (104)   Owners of the Parent                                                                                                                7,467     23,735
Finance cost                                                                                                  2     13,489     13,904
NET FINANCE COSTS                                                                                                   13,445     13,800
Net profit before income tax                                                                                         4,859     41,772
Income tax                                                                                                    4       694      12,156
NET PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                                          4,165     29,616
ATTRIBUTABLE TO:
Owners of the Parent                                                                                                 4,165     29,616


EARNINGS PER SHARE FOR PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO
                                                                                                                    CENTS      CENTS
THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE NEW ZEALAND REFINING COMPANY LIMITED
Basic and diluted earnings per share                                                                          5        1.3        9.5




The above Consolidated Income Statement is to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 65 to 113.                                  The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income is to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 65 to 113.
60      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                          61




Consolidated Balance Sheet                                                                  Consolidated Balance Sheet
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                      AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                      GROUP       GROUP                                                                                                                             GROUP      GROUP
                                                                         2019        2018                                                                                                                              2019       2018
                                                             NOTE        $000        $000                                                                                                                  NOTE        $000       $000
ASSETS                                                                                      EQUITY
CURRENT ASSETS                                                                              Contributed equity                                                                                                 6    265,771    265,771
Cash and cash equivalents                                      15      5,255         779    Treasury stock                                                                                                  6, 21      (960)      (969)
Trade and other receivables                                    14    145,063     152,712    Employee share entitlement reserve                                                                              6, 21      681        732
Income tax receivable                                                  5,895       1,394    Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                         6, 20    (2,688)      (460)
Derivative financial instruments                               20      4,421       6,249
                                                                                            Retained earnings                                                                                                       493,940    504,562
Inventories                                                    16      3,340       2,974
                                                                                            TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                                            756,744    769,636
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                                                 163,974     164,108
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                            The Board of Directors of The New Zealand Refining Company Limited authorised these Consolidated Financial Statements for issue on
Inventories                                                    16     19,410      19,955    26 February 2020.
Derivative financial instruments                               20        205           6
Property, plant and equipment                                  10   1,171,301   1,191,948
                                                                                            For and on behalf of the Board:		
Right-of-use assets                                             9      4,028            -   		
Intangibles                                                    10     22,137      14,309    		
                                                                                            		
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS                                            1,217,081   1,226,218
                                                                                            		
TOTAL ASSETS                                                        1,381,055   1,390,326   					
                                                                                            S C Allen                                                                                         J B Miller
LIABILITIES                                                                                 Director                                                                                          Director

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                                       17    171,018     152,561
Derivative financial instruments                               20      3,997       1,300
Borrowings                                                      8           -     50,000
Lease liabilities                                               9        248         171
Employee benefits                                              18      7,861       9,948
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            183,124     213,980


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Derivative financial instruments                               20      5,017       5,564
Borrowings                                                      8    246,616     208,601
Lease liabilities                                               9      3,206       2,303
Employee benefits                                              18     40,894      48,087
Provisions                                                     13     12,643      10,866
Deferred tax liabilities                                        4    132,811     131,289
TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES                                        441,187     406,710
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                    624,311     620,690
NET ASSETS                                                                                  The above Consolidated Balance Sheet is to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 65 to 113.
                                                                     756,744     769,636
62         REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                          63




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                                 CONTRIBUTED   TREASURY        EMPLOYEE SHARE    CASH FLOW      RETAINED     TOTAL
                                                                                                                                      EQUITY      STOCK    SCHEME ENTITLEMENT        HEDGE     EARNINGS     EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                      RESERVE      RESERVE
GROUP                                                                                                                   NOTE            $000       $000                  $000          $000         $000       $000
AT 1 JANUARY 2018                                                                                                                    265,771       (678)                  429        (6,116)     533,369    792,775
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Net profit after income tax                                                                                                                -          -                     -             -       29,616     29,616
Other comprehensive income
Movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                        20              -          -                     -        7,856             -      7,856
Defined benefit actuarial loss                                                                                           18(k)             -          -                     -             -      (16,024)   (16,024)
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income                                                                                 20              -          -                     -        (2,200)       4,487      2,287
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS), AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                                  -          -                     -        5,656       (11,537)    (5,881)
TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS OF THE PARENT
Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                                        21              -          -                   303             -            -       303
Treasury shares purchased                                                                                                  21              -       (291)                    -             -            -       (291)
Unclaimed dividends written back                                                                                                           -          -                     -             -           (1)        (1)
Dividends paid                                                                                                              7              -          -                     -             -      (46,885)   (46,885)
TOTAL TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS OF THE PARENT                                                                                               -       (291)                  303             -      (46,886)   (46,874)
AT 31 DECEMBER 2018                                                                                                                  265,771       (969)                  732          (460)     504,562    769,636
AT 1 JANUARY 2019                                                                                                                    265,771       (969)                  732         (460)      504,562    769,636
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Net profit after income tax                                                                                                                -          -                     -             -        4,165      4,165
Other comprehensive income
Movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                                        20              -          -                     -        (3,094)           -     (3,094)
Defined benefit actuarial gain                                                                                           18(k)             -          -                     -             -        7,681      7,681
Deferred tax on other comprehensive income                                                                                 20              -          -                     -          866        (2,151)    (1,285)
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS), AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                                  -          -                     -        (2,228)       5,530      3,302
TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS OF THE PARENT
Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                                        21              -          -                   241             -            -       241
Shares vested to employees                                                                                                 21              -        292                  (292)            -            -          -
Treasury shares purchased                                                                                                  21              -       (283)                    -             -            -       (283)
Dividends paid                                                                                                              7              -          -                     -             -      (20,317)   (20,317)
TOTAL TRANSACTIONS WITH OWNERS OF THE PARENT                                                                                               -          9                   (51)            -      (20,317)   (20,359)
AT 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                                  265,771       (960)                  681        (2,688)     493,940    756,744




The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity is to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 65 to 113.
64        REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            65




Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                                                                                          GROUP       GROUP      (a) REPORTING ENTITY
                                                                                                                             2019        2018
                                                                                                                 NOTE        $000        $000    The reporting entity is the consolidated group comprising The New Zealand Refining Company Limited (‘Parent’ or ‘Company’)
                                                                                                                                                 and its subsidiaries, Independent Petroleum Laboratory Limited, Maranga Ra Holdings Limited and Maranga Ra Limited (the Group).
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                                                 The New Zealand Refining Company is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand with its registered
Receipts from customers                                                                                                  351,625     352,384     office at Marsden Point, Whangarei, New Zealand. All subsidiaries have a balance date aligned with the reporting date of the
                                                                                                                                                 Parent company.
Payment for supplies and other expenses                                                                                  (151,172)   (161,369)
Payments to employees                                                                                                     (62,780)    (58,858)   The Parent operates New Zealand’s only oil refinery at Marsden Point near Whangarei as a toll refiner, and owns and operates a
                                                                                                                                                 pipeline, running from the refinery at Marsden Point to Wiri, located in South Auckland, transporting refined fuels for consumption
Interest received                                                                                                             44         104     within the Auckland and Waikato markets. Independent Petroleum Laboratory provides specialised fuels, biofuels, and industrial and
Interest paid                                                                                                             (14,418)    (13,727)   environmental laboratory testing services. Maranga Ra Holdings Limited and Maranga Ra Limited were incorporated in December 2019,
                                                                                                                                                 ahead of the Company’s investment in the proposed solar farm development adjacent to the Refinery. These entities had no assets or
Net GST paid                                                                                                               (1,936)     (2,347)   liabilities as at balance date.
Income tax paid                                                                                                            (4,238)    (11,551)
                                                                                                                                                 The New Zealand Refining Company Limited is registered under the Companies Act 1993, is listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange
NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                         1515   117,125     104,636     (NZX) and is an FMC Reporting Entity under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (‘FMC Act 2013’).
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                                                 These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Directors on 26 February 2020.
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                                                (77,695)   (162,316)
NET CASH OUTFLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                                                (77,695)   (162,316)   (b) BASIS OF PREPARATION
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                                                 These consolidated financial statements comply with:
(Repayments of)/proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                             (13,200)    15,300     • The Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013;
Proceeds from subordinated notes                                                                                    8           -     73,301     • Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (GAAP);
                                                                                                                                                 • New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’), International Financial Reporting Standards
Unclaimed dividends                                                                                                             -          (1)      (IFRS) and other authoritative pronouncements of the External Reporting Board, as appropriate for for-profit entities.
Dividends paid to shareholders                                                                                      7     (20,317)    (46,885)
                                                                                                                                                 The consolidated financial statements are prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for derivative financial instruments and plan
Lease payments                                                                                                      9      (1,154)       (522)   assets (included in the net defined benefit pension plan liability) which are measured at fair value.
Purchase of treasury stock                                                                                         21        (283)       (291)
                                                                                                                                                 The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a GST exclusive basis.
NET CASH (OUTFLOW)/INFLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                                       (34,954)    40,902
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                                       4,476      (16,778)
                                                                                                                                                 Functional and presentation currency
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                       779      17,557     These consolidated financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars ($) which is the Group’s functional currency, and the
                                                                                                                                                 financial information has been rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000), unless otherwise stated.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR                                                                           5,255         779
                                                                                                                                                 Consolidation
                                                                                                                                                 Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights
                                                                                                                                                 to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
                                                                                                                                                 Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date
                                                                                                                                                 that control ceases.

                                                                                                                                                 Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group companies are eliminated on consolidation.
                                                                                                                                                 Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the asset transferred.




The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is to be read in conjunction with the notes on pages 65 to 113.
66       REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                        67




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




Use of judgements and estimates                                                                                                           (c) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires the Directors to      Accounting policies are disclosed within each of the applicable notes to the consolidated financial statements and are designated
exercise their judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated   by a P symbol.
and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances.                                                                                                                  The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements have been consistently applied
                                                                                                                                          to all periods presented except in relation to the new lease standard.
The following areas involve estimates and assumptions that can significantly affect the amounts recognised in the consolidated
financial statements:                                                                                                                     New and amended standards adopted by the Group

• Useful lives of the property, plant and equipment                                                                                      The Group has adopted NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ for the first time in the annual reporting period commencing 1 January 2019. The Group
                                                                                                                                          applied the simplified retrospective transition approach. Further details on the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ and the impact on the
     The Group reassessed the remaining useful lives of the assets associated with the distribution segment (including the Refinery       Group’s financial performance and position are disclosed in Note 9, Lease liabilities.
     to Auckland Pipeline). As a result of the remaining life assessment carried out by independent pipeline experts, Rosen Group,
     and valuation specialist BECA Limited, the weighted average remaining useful life has been extended from 19 to 31 years              There were no other new and amended standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) or the New Zealand
     (resulting in a decrease in annual depreciation by approximately $2 million). The remaining useful lives of the assets               Accounting Standards Board (NZASB) mandatory for the year ended 31 December 2019, that were considered to have a material impact
     associated with the refining assets are considered appropriate.                                                                      to the Group.

• Impairment assessment of assets                                                                                                        New and amended standards not yet effective and not early adopted by the Group
     The carrying value of the Group’s assets were tested for impairment as at 31 December 2019. Key judgements underpinning
     this assessment include:                                                                                                             The IASB has issued a number of standards, amendments and interpretations which are not yet effective and which may have an impact
     - The Parent Company’s site consents and jetty lease will be renewed prior to expiry in May 2022 and September 2024,                 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
        respectively, and
     -	The Parent Company will enter the New Zealand Emissions Trading Scheme as an Energy Intensive Trade Exposed entity when
        the Negotiated Greenhouse Agreement with the Crown expires in January 2023.

     It is the opinion of Management that the risks of the not gaining environmental consents on a commercially acceptable basis or not
     entering into the New Zealand Emissions Trading Scheme as an Energy Intensive Trade Exposed entity are relatively low.

     On this basis, the Group has estimated the recoverable amount of its assets on a value in use basis and determined that there is
     no impairment under a range of reasonably possible scenarios. Not renewing the site consents or jetty lease, or renewing for a
     significantly shorter period of time than expected, would result in an impairment.

     Management and the Board have used their refining industry experience and external sources of information, where appropriate,
     to determine their expectations of the future. The key assumptions used in the impairment testing are outlined below. While
     the sensitivities outlined in the following table highlight the absolute movement in each key assumption that would result in the
     elimination of the excess of recoverable amount over carrying amount, a lesser movement in a combination of each of those key
     assumptions could also lead to a similar result.

     KEY ASSUMPTION                                                                             VALUE                    SENSITIVITY
                                                                  UNIT                     ATTRIBUTED          (ABSOLUTE MOVEMENT)
     Gross refiners margin                                    US$/bbl            4.9 – 8.1 (median 7.4)       Decrease by 0.9 (median)
     Exchange rate                                                US$                              0.63                Increase by 0.07
     Refinery throughput                                          mbbl                               42                  Decrease by 5
     Discount rate                                                  %                                7.7                Increase by 2.5


Estimates are designated by an     E symbol in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
68      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                 69




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




                                                             PAGE   PERFORMANCE
                                                                    This section focuses on Refining NZ’s financial performance and the returns provided to equity holders. The following notes are included:
PERFORMANCE                                                    69
1 Segment reporting                                            69
                                                                    Note 1:         Segment reporting
2 Income and expenses                                          72
                                                                    Note 2:         Income and expenses
3 Related parties                                              75
                                                                    Note 3:         Related parties
4 Taxation                                                     78
                                                                    Note 4:         Taxation
5 Earnings per share                                           79
                                                                    Note 5:         Earnings per share
DEBT AND EQUITY                                                80
6 Equity                                                       80
7 Dividends                                                    81
8 Borrowings                                                   81   1. SEGMENT REPORTING
9 Lease liabilities                                            83
                                                                    (a) Identification and description of reportable segments
OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                               86
10 Property, plant and equipment, and intangibles              86   Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Leadership Team, identified as the
11 Operating leases                                            90   chief operating decision-maker. The Leadership Team reviews the Group’s internal reporting of oil refining and distribution separately
12 Capital commitments                                         90   in order to assess their performance and allocate resources. The operating segments, based on these reports are as follows:
13 Provisions                                                  91
14 Trade and other receivables                                 92   Oil Refining
15 Cash and cash equivalents                                   93
16 Inventories                                                 94   The Parent owns and operates an oil refinery located at Marsden Point, 160 kilometres north of Auckland. The oil refinery is able to
17 Trade and other payables                                    95   process a wide range of crude oil types imported from around the world.
18 Employee benefits                                           96
                                                                    Distribution
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT                                     103
19 Financial risk management                                  103   The Parent owns infrastructure to support the distribution of manufactured products to its customers. The Refinery to Auckland Pipeline
20 Derivative financial instruments                           108   (RAP) transfers product to the Wiri Oil terminal located in South Auckland (refer note 3).

OTHER                                                         111   Other
21 Employee share-based payments                              111
22 Contingent liabilities                                     112   Other includes the subsidiary companies’ operations and properties. These have not been included in a reportable segment as they are
23 Auditor’s fees                                             112   not separately reported to the Leadership Team.

                                                                    Sales between segments are carried out at arm’s length and represent charges by the subsidiary companies (included in “Other”) to
                                                                    Oil Refining. The revenue from external parties reported to the Leadership Team is measured in a manner consistent with that in the
                                                                    Income Statement. All revenue is generated in New Zealand.

                                                                    Revenue derived from major customers, and the relevant operating segments, is disclosed in note 3.

                                                                    (b) Reporting measures
                                                                    The performance of the operating segments is based on earnings before depreciation, finance costs and income tax and net profit after
                                                                    income tax. This information is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                    The Group manages assets and liabilities on a central basis and therefore does not provide any segment information of this nature.
70      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                  71




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




1. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)                                                                       1. SEGMENT REPORTING (continued)
(c) Segment results
                                                                                                                                                                      NOTE     OIL REFINING     DISTRIBUTION           OTHER            TOTAL
REVENUE FROM EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS ($000)                                                                                                                                                  $000             $000            $000             $000

                                                                                                       31 DECEMBER 2019
                   4,027                                              4,194                            Total revenue                                                                297,836           42,998            9,760         350,594
       42,998                                                50,613
                                                                                                       Inter-segment revenue                                                               -                -          (5,733)          (5,733)
                                                                                                       REVENUE FROM EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS                                              297,836           42,998            4,027         344,861


                                                                                                       Other income                                                   222 2                -           2,035            1,479           3,514
                   2019                                               2018
                                                                                        Oil Refining
                                                                                        Distribution
                    $000                                               $000             Other          Earnings before depreciation, finance costs and income tax                    76,724           37,347            4,164         118,235
                                                                                                       Finance income                                                                     38                -               6              44
                                                                                                       Finance cost                                                                  (13,488)               -              (1)        (13,489)
                                                                                                       Depreciation and disposal costs                                               (95,527)         (3,779)            (625)        (99,931)
                                  297,836                                     304,509
                                                                                                       Income tax                                                                      9,575          (9,399)            (870)            (694)
                                                                                                       Net (loss)/profit after income tax                                            (22,678)         24,169            2,674           4,165



                                                                                                                                                                      NOTE     OIL REFINING     DISTRIBUTION           OTHER            TOTAL
EARNINGS BEFORE DEPRECIATION, FINANCE COSTS AND INCOME TAX ($000)                                                                                                                       $000             $000            $000             $000
                                                                                                       31 DECEMBER 2018
                 4,164                                                2,404                            Total revenue                                                                304,509           50,613            9,336         364,458
       37,347                                                44,845
                                                                                                       Inter-segment revenue                                                               -                -          (5,142)          (5,142)
                                                                                                       REVENUE FROM EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS                                              304,509           50,613            4,194         359,316


                                                                                                       Other income                                                                        -           2,890              260           3,150
                                                                                        Oil Refining
                   2019                                               2018              Distribution
                                                                                                       Earnings before depreciation, finance costs and income tax          2        105,398           44,845            2,404         152,647
                                                                                        Other
                    $000                                               $000
                                                                                                       Finance income                                                                   102                 -               2             104
                                                                                                       Finance cost                                                                  (13,892)               -             (12)         (13,904)
                                                                                                       Depreciation and disposal costs                                               (89,648)          (6,868)           (559)         (97,075)
                                  76,724                                      105,398
                                                                                                       Income tax                                                                     (1,078)         (10,634)           (444)         (12,156)
                                                                                                       Net profit after income tax                                                      882           27,343            1,391          29,616

                                                                                                       The earnings before depreciation, finance costs and income tax and depreciation and net profit after income tax of the distribution and
                                                                                                       other segments are before exclusion of inter-segment revenue and costs.
72      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                 73




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




2. INCOME AND EXPENSES                                                                                                                  2. INCOME AND EXPENSES (continued)
                                                                                                                                        Net profit before income tax includes the following income and expenses:
 P 	Revenue is recognised when control of a good or service transfers to a customer. Processing fees, pipeline fees and other                                                                                              GROUP     GROUP
      services provided by the Group are identified as distinct performance obligations which are satisfied over time and for which
      a transaction price is separately determined and allocated. No significant judgement is involved in the price determination and                                                                                          2019      2018
      allocation. An output method is applied to measure progress of the services provided. The Group does not have contracts with                                                                                 NOTE        $000      $000
      customers where significant financing components, non-cash considerations or consideration payable to customers, obligations
      for refunds or specific warranties would be existent. Specific accounting policies are as follows:                                REVENUE
                                                                                                                                        Processing fees                                                                     241,970   258,873
      Refining revenue
                                                                                                                                        Natural gas recovery                                                                 39,579    31,987
 Processing fees and other processing related fees, such as blending and reprocessing (presented as “Other refining related
	
 income”) are recognised over time as processing services are delivered. The revenue from processing and other processing related       Other refining related income                                                        16,287    13,649
 fees is recognised in the amounts invoiced, applying paragraph B16 of NZ IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’,              Refining revenue                                                                    297,836   304,509
 reflecting actual volumes processed (including intermediate products), adjusted for fee floor and cap, when applicable.
                                                                                                                                        Pipeline and terminalling fee revenue                                                36,473    44,088
	The cost of natural gas, used by the Parent in the refining process, is recovered from customers and presented as a component
                                                                                                                                        Wiri land and terminal lease income                                           11      6,525     6,525
  of refining revenue; the Parent acts as principal with respect to procuring and selling natural gas.
                                                                                                                                        Distribution revenue                                                                 42,998    50,613
      Distribution revenue
                                                                                                                                        Other operating income                                                                4,027     4,194
	Pipeline and terminalling fee revenue is recognised over time as refined products are delivered to the Wiri Oil terminal in South
  Auckland, and in the amount to which the Group has a right to invoice customers, applying the practical expedient in NZ IFRS 15,      TOTAL REVENUE                                                                       344,861   359,316
  within an operating period.                                                                                                           OTHER INCOME

	Rental income from operating leases (including Wiri Oil terminal rental) is recognised on a straight-line basis in accordance with    Other income                                                                          3,514     3,150
  the substance of the relevant agreements.                                                                                             TOTAL OTHER INCOME                                                                    3,514     3,150

      Other revenue                                                                                                                     TOTAL INCOME                                                                        348,375   362,466

	Revenue from other contracts (primarily relating to provision of services) is recognised over time as goods or services are           And charging:
  delivered to customers.                                                                                                               Process materials and utilities                                                      58,502    49,153
                                                                                                                                        Natural gas                                                                          39,580    31,987
                                                                                                                                        PURCHASE OF PROCESS MATERIALS AND UTILITIES                                          98,082    81,140
                                                                                                                                        Contractor payments                                                                  23,433    20,856
                                                                                                                                        Materials                                                                             7,752     8,124
                                                                                                                                        Obsolescence provision recognised                                                      155        23
                                                                                                                                        TOTAL MATERIALS AND CONTRACTOR PAYMENTS                                              31,340    29,003
                                                                                                                                        Wages and salaries                                                                   55,324    55,854
                                                                                                                                        Defined contribution pension plan contributions                                       1,771     1,597
                                                                                                                                        Defined benefit pension plan expense                                        18(j)     3,685     3,272
                                                                                                                                        Medical plan contributions                                                  18(j)      226       242
                                                                                                                                        Equity-settled share-based payments                                           21       241       303
                                                                                                                                        TOTAL WAGES, SALARIES AND BENEFITS                                                   61,247    61,268
                                                                                                                                        Administration and other expenses                                             23      4,099     5,962
                                                                                                                                        Contract services                                                                    17,158    16,202
                                                                                                                                        Consultants                                                                           6,721     4,873
                                                                                                                                        Insurance                                                                             4,830     3,964
74       REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                         75




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




2. INCOME AND EXPENSES (continued)                                                                                                         3. RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                              GROUP            GROUP       (a) Shareholders and other related parties
                                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                                NOTE             $000             $000     The Group enters into transactions with the oil companies who are also shareholders of the Parent, and Wiri Oil Services Limited
                                                                                                                                           (Wiri Oil), a company that is owned by shareholders of the Parent.
Rates                                                                                                           1,187           1,282
Employee related costs                                                                                          4,005           4,151      Details of shareholdings at 31 December are:
Directors' fees                                                                                                   795             780
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2019             2018
Operating lease expenses:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        %                  %
 Wiri Oil land rental                                                                                             500             500      BP New Zealand Holdings Limited (BP)                                                                               10.10           10.10
 Other                                                                                                              -             523      Mobil Oil NZ Limited (Mobil)                                                                                       17.20           17.20
Donations                                                                                                         176             171      Z Energy Limited (Z Energy)                                                                                        15.36           15.36
TOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND OTHER COSTS                                                                          39,471           38,408
                                                                                                                                           The nature, transactions and balances with the shareholders and other related parties are as follows:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment		                                                     10        99,058           96,424
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                  9            440                  -   (i)   REVENUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   10            433             651      Revenue from the oil refining and distribution segments is derived from the oil companies as follows:

TOTAL DEPRECIATION AND DISPOSAL COSTS                                                                         99,931           97,075                                                                              TRANSACTION VALUES FOR THE            BALANCES OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER                AS AT 31 DECEMBER
Interest expense:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2019            2018             2019            2018
 Bank borrowings                                                                                              11,107           13,975                                                                                         $000            $000             $000            $000
 Subordinated notes                                                                                             3,894             243      BP                                                                              89,066           90,661           38,060          32,766
 Restoration provision finance charge                                                                             254             345      Mobil                                                                           80,894           83,567           32,955          26,420
 Finance leases                                                                                      9            342                  -   Z Energy                                                                       151,836          164,164           68,080          74,365
 Interest capitalised to qualifying asset                                                                      (2,108)            (659)    Wiri Oil                                                                         7,073            7,047               29                 24
TOTAL FINANCE COSTS                                                                                           13,489           13,904      TOTAL                                                                          328,869          345,439         139,124         133,575
Finance income:
                                                                                                                                           Processing fees
  Interest income on short-term bank deposits                                                                     (44)            (104)
                                                                                                                                           The Group has separate processing agreements with each of the three oil companies which have been in place since 1995. They are
TOTAL FINANCE INCOME                                                                                              (44)            (104)    long-term “evergreen” contracts which continue unless renegotiated or terminated by mutual consent or by a customer on one year’s
                                                                                                                                           notice. 93% (2018: 94%) of the Group’s total operating revenue is earned under the processing agreements. Refer to note 19(a) for
NET FINANCE COSTS                                                                                             13,445           13,800
                                                                                                                                           further details.
TOTAL COSTS                                                                                                  343,516          320,694
                                                                                                                                           Leases
NET PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX                                                                                    4,859          41,772
                                                                                                                                           The Parent leases land from Wiri Oil Services Limited (Wiri Oil) and owns the Wiri Oil terminal (plant) located on this land. The land
Insurance recoveries                                                                                                                       and plant is leased back to Wiri Oil. The leases are non-cancellable operating leases, which expire in February 2025 with no right of
                                                                                                                                           renewal. At the end of the lease term, ownership of the Wiri Oil terminal reverts to Wiri Oil Services Limited.
Following the Refinery to Auckland pipeline rupture on 14 September 2017, the Parent Company incurred costs associated with repairs
to the pipeline and the recovery and remediation of the leak site which was completed in May 2018.                                         Excise duty

The Company had insurance policies to cover both environmental remediation and loss of revenue following the incident. In this             Excise duty is collected from the Oil Companies and paid to the New Zealand Customs Service on the same day each month (refer notes
financial year the Company recognised $2.1 million of insurance recoveries as “Other income” (2018: $1.8 million) under the material       14 and 17) and is included in the above balances outstanding as at 31 December.
damage and business interruption policy for loss of revenue.
76      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                         77




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




3. RELATED PARTIES (continued)                                                                                                                3. RELATED PARTIES (continued)
(ii) PURCHASES OF GOODS AND SERVICES                                                                                                          (b) Directors’ fees and key management personnel compensation
The Group purchases sulphur, a by-product of the refining process, which is on sold to third parties, and other fuels, from related parties
as follows:                                                                                                                                   Directors’ fees are disclosed in note 2.

                                                                                                                                              Key management personnel include all members of the Leadership Team.
                                                                         TRANSACTION VALUES FOR THE            BALANCES OUTSTANDING
                                                                           YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER                AS AT 31 DECEMBER
                                                                                   2019             2018             2019            2018                                                                                                                   GROUP           GROUP
                                                                                   $000             $000             $000            $000                                                                                                                      2019           2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $000           $000
BP                                                                                  735            1,087                 -            170
                                                                                                                                              Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                                                                3,929           4,489
Mobil                                                                               311              996                 -            145
                                                                                                                                              Post-employment benefits                                                                                         139                160
Z Energy                                                                          1,133            2,689              185             328
                                                                                                                                              TOTAL KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION                                                                    4,068           4,649
TOTAL                                                                             2,179            4,772              185             643
                                                                                                                                              Number of personnel at 31 December                                                                                  8                8
(iii) OTHER CHARGES
                                                                                                                                              The above analysis is compiled on a cash basis; variable performance rewards (linked to individual and business performance for a
A portion of the Group’s material damage and business interruption and contract works and liability insurance is held by companies            financial reporting period) are paid subsequent to balance date and reported as part of payments to key management personnel for
related to shareholders.                                                                                                                      the following year.

                                                                         TRANSACTION VALUES FOR THE            BALANCES OUTSTANDING           Key management personnel compensation in 2018 includes the short term incentives paid to the former CEO (Sjoerd Post) and members
                                                                           YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER                AS AT 31 DECEMBER
                                                                                                                                              of the leadership team in respect of the 2017 performance year. The 2018 total key management personnel compensation include:
                                                                                   2019             2018             2019            2018
                                                                                   $000             $000             $000            $000
                                                                                                                                              • the short term incentives paid to the former CEO and members of the leadership team in respect of the 2017 performance year, and,
                                                                                                                                              • $600 thousand paid to the former CEO in respect of the 2018 performance year, comprising: a pro-rata short term incentive payment
BP – Jupiter Insurance Ltd                                                          702              619                 -               -         pursuant to the achievement of 2018 key performance indicators and an additional discretionary payment, pursuant to the terms of
ExxonMobil (Ancon)                                                                  331                 -                -               -         his employment agreement, in recognition of an agreed contract extension.

TOTAL                                                                             1,033              619                 -               -
78      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                       79




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




4. TAXATION                                                                                                                                 4. TAXATION (continued)
(a) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY/(ASSET)
                                                                                                                                                                                          PROPERTY,    PROVISIONS          EMPLOYEE         FINANCIAL         TAX         TOTAL
 P 	The income tax expense for the year is the tax payable on the current year’s taxable income based on the New Zealand income                                                         PLANT AND
                                                                                                                                                                                         EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            BENEFITS     INSTRUMENTS       LOSSES
      tax rate on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, adjusted by changes in
      deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their                                     NOTE             $000               $000           $000             $000        $000             $000
      carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements and to unused tax losses.                                                   1 JANUARY 2018                                  139,218          (4,129)           (9,587)         (2,378)           -       123,124
                                                                                                                                            Deferred tax in respect of
                                                                                                                 GROUP            GROUP     previous years                                     (899)              (197)           12                 -           -         (1,084)
                                                                                                                    2019             2018   Deferred tax in respect of
                                                                                                  NOTE              $000             $000   current year                                     17,018                (82)          (790)               -      (4,610)       11,536
NET PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                                                              4,859           41,772    Deferred tax recognised in
                                                                                                                                            the income statement                  4(a)       16,119               (279)          (778)               -      (4,610)       10,452
                                                                                                                                            Included in other
Tax at the New Zealand corporate income tax rate of 28% (2018: 28%)                                               1,361           11,696    comprehensive income                                  -                  -         (4,487)           2,200           -         (2,287)
Tax effect of amounts which are either non-deductible or taxable in                                                                         31 DECEMBER 2018                                155,337          (4,408)          (14,852)            (178)     (4,610)      131,289
calculating taxable income:
                                                                                                                                            Deferred tax in respect of
 Income not assessable for tax                                                                                     (203)                -   previous years                                     (159)              (118)           36                 -        (284)            (525)
 Expenses not deductible for tax                                                                                     61              285    Deferred tax in respect of
                                                                                                                                            current year                                      1,238               (175)          (347)               -         46              762
 Adjustments in respect of current income tax in respect of previous years                                         (525)             175
                                                                                                                                            Deferred tax recognised in
INCOME TAX EXPENSE, REPRESENTED BY:                                                                                 694           12,156    the income statement                  4(a)        1,079               (293)          (311)               -        (238)            237
Current tax expense                                                                                                 457            1,704    Included in other
                                                                                                                                            comprehensive income                                  -                  -          2,151             (866)          -         1,285
Deferred tax recognised in the income statement                                                      4(b)           237           10,452
                                                                                                                                            31 DECEMBER 2019                                156,416          (4,701)          (13,012)         (1,044)      (4,848)      132,811

(b) Deferred tax                                                                                                                            The Group has unused tax losses of $17.3 million (2018: $16.5 million) available to carry forward.


                                                                                                                                            5. EARNINGS PER SHARE
 P 	Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from temporary differences between the tax base of assets and liabilities and their
      carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, and are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected
      to apply when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates which are enacted or substantively
      enacted. An exception is made for certain temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of an asset or liability.         P 	Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average
                                                                                                                                                  number of ordinary shares on issue during the year. The Company’s share-based payments described in note 21 have no material
                                                                                                                                                  dilutive effect on the earnings per share.
	Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is probable that future
  taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TOTAL         TOTAL
	Current and deferred tax balances attributable to amounts recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity are                                                                                                                   NOTE         2019             2018
  also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.                                                        Profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the Company ($000)                                              4,165        29,616
                                                                                                                                            Weighted average number of shares on issue (000’s)                                                       6     312,177      312,243
                                                                                                                                            BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE                                                                               1.3              9.5
80        REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                81




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




DEBT AND EQUITY                                                                                                                              7. DIVIDENDS
The Group’s objective when managing capital (net assets of the Group) is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefit for other stakeholders and to maintain an appropriate capital structure. The                                                                                                                                          CENTS            TOTAL                 TOTAL
Group borrows under a negative pledge arrangement (refer note 8). The Group monitors rolling forecasts which take into consideration                                                                                                                                              PER              2019                 2018
the Group’s debt financing plans and covenant compliance, to ensure that it is able to continue meeting funding requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SHARE                $000                 $000

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to   Final dividend for 2017                                                                                                             12.0                  -             37,508
shareholders, or issue new shares.
                                                                                                                                             Interim dividend for 2018                                                                                                                3.0              -               9,377
This section outlines Refining NZ’s capital structure and includes the following Notes:                                                      Final dividend for 2018                                                                                                                  4.5      14,067                        -
                                                                                                                                             Interim dividend for 2019                                                                                                                2.0        6,250                       -
Note 6:          Equity
Note 7:          Dividends                                                                                                                   TOTAL                                                                                                                                             20,317                46,885
Note 8:          Borrowings
Note 9:          Lease liabilities                                                                                                           The dividends were fully imputed. Supplementary dividends of $0.750 million (2018: $1.532 million) were paid to shareholders who were
                                                                                                                                             not tax residents in New Zealand for which the Group received a foreign investor tax credit entitlement.

                                                                                                                                             Imputation credits available to shareholders for subsequent reporting periods amount to $23.589 million as at 31 December 2019
6. EQUITY
                                                                                                                                             (2018: $30.441 million).
Contributed equity
                                                                                                                                             Dividend declared post balance date
The issued capital of the Company is represented by 312,576,453 no par value ordinary shares (2018: 312,576,453) issued and fully paid,
                                                                                                                                             The Group has declared no final dividend (2018: 4.5 cents per share).
less 417,644 (2018: 375,848) treasury shares held by CRS Nominees Limited (refer to note 21). All ordinary shares rank equally with one
vote attached to each ordinary share.

Treasury stock                                                                                                                               8. BORROWINGS
Treasury stock represents the value of shares acquired by the Parent on-market in respect of the Employee Share Purchase Scheme
(refer to note 21).
                                                                                                                                               P 	Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at
                                                                                                                                                     amortised cost. Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement for
Employee share entitlement reserve                                                                                                                   at least 12 months after the balance date.
The employee share entitlement reserve is used to recognise the fair value of shares granted but not vested. Amounts are transferred
to share capital when the shares vest to the employee (refer to note 21).                                                                    The chart below outlines the maturity profile of the borrowings:
                                                                                                                                                                                       120,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        120,000
Cash flow hedge reserve
The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of hedging instruments used
in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition in the income statement.                                                                                                            100,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        100,000                               1,900



                                                                                                                                                                                         80,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        80,000                                                6,000



                                                                                                                                                                                         60,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        60,000
                                                                                                                                                                               $ 000                                          98,100
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  95,000

                                                                                                                                                                                         40,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        40,000                                                74,000             75,000*



                                                                                                                                                                                         20,000
                                                                                                                                                                                        20,000




                                                                                                                                                                                              0       0–1 YEAR         1–2 YEARS       2–3 YEARS       3–4 YEARS           5+ YEARS



                                                                                                                                                                                       Utilised Facilities (cash advance)    Undrawn Facilities (cash advance)       Subordinated notes

                                                                                                                                             *The carrying value of the subordinated notes as at 31 December 2019 amounts to $74.5 million. The difference between the carrying value and the $75 million face value is due to
                                                                                                                                             interest and issue costs. While the expiry date of the subordinated notes is on 1 March 2034, the maturity profile reflects the notes as maturing in 2024 on the basis that – as a
                                                                                                                                             result of an election process – the Company may elect to either redeem the notes or offer new conditions to the noteholders.
82      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                         83




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




8. BORROWINGS (continued)                                                                                                                  9. LEASE LIABILITIES
The carrying amounts of borrowings approximate their fair value. The borrowings are unsecured. The Parent borrows under a negative         Adoption of NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’
pledge arrangement which requires certain certificates and covenants, including debt to total debt and equity, security to tangible
                                                                                                                                           NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ was issued in February 2016 and is mandatory for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
assets and EBITDA to interest ratios. All of these requirements have been met.
                                                                                                                                           It has resulted in more leases being recognised on the balance sheet for lessees, as the distinction between operating and finance
                                                                                                                                           leases is removed. Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are
The Parent has the ability to determine which revolving cash advance facility will be drawn upon to meet funding requirements.
                                                                                                                                           recognised. The only exemptions for the Group are short-term and low value leases. The accounting treatment for lessors has not
                                                                                                                                           significantly changed under the new standard.
In February 2019 the Company reduced its existing committed bank facility limits from $350 million to $275 million and extended the
$50 million facility expiring in March 2019 to March 2021. In December 2019, the Company extended its $95 million facilities expiring in
                                                                                                                                           The Group applied the simplified retrospective transition approach where outstanding lease payments are discounted using the
March 2020 to March 2025. In addition, as at 31 December 2019 the Company held $35 million of uncommitted facilities. The purpose
                                                                                                                                           incremental borrowing rate at 1 January 2019. This results in the right-of-use asset being recognised at an amount equal to the lease
of the uncommitted facilities is to support short dated debt drawings.
                                                                                                                                           liability. The Group applied the transitional provisions of NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ which allowed it to not account for:
The table below presents the year end borrowings with their maturity dates, as well as undrawn facilities at 31 December:                  • leases, where the lease term ends within 12 months of 1 January 2019, and
                                                                                                                                           • contracts which had not been previously recognised aa leases in accordance with either NZ IAS 17 ‘Leases’ or NZ IFRIC 4
                                                                                                                GROUP            GROUP          ‘Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease’.
                                                                                            MATURITY              2019             2018
                                                                                                                                           The weighted average lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognised in the balance sheet at the date of
                                                                                                 DATE             $000             $000
                                                                                                                                           initial application was 4%. The variance between operating lease commitments disclosed at 31 December 2018 and Lease liabilities at
BORROWINGS                                                                                                                                 1 January 2019 is outlined in the table below:
Current borrowings:
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-19                 -          50,000                                                                                                                                       GROUP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2018
Total current bank borrowings                                                                                         -          50,000
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $000

                                                                                                                                           Operating lease commitments as at 31 December 2018                                                                                  2,845
Non-current borrowings:
                                                                                                                                             Discounted using the Group's incremental borrowing rate                                                                             (189)
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-20                 -           2,000
                                                                                                                                             Add: finance lease liabilities recognised as at 31 December 2018                                                                  2,474
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-20                 -          67,300
                                                                                                                                             Less: short-term leases recognised on a straight-line basis as expense                                                              (204)
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-21           98,100            4,000
                                                                                                                                             Less: contracts reassesed as service agreements                                                                                   (2,625)
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-22           74,000            2,000
                                                                                                                                             Add: adjustments from a different treatment of extension and termination options                                                  1,477
Term loan                                                                                      Mar-21                 -          60,000
                                                                                                                                           LEASE LIABILITY RECOGNISED AS AT 1 JANUARY 2019                                                                                     3,778
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-25                 -               -
Subordinated notes                                                                             Mar-34           74,516           73,301
                                                                                                                                           Finance leases – Group as a lessee
Total non-current borrowings                                                                                   246,616        208,601
TOTAL BORROWINGS                                                                                               246,616        258,601
                                                                                                                                            P 	Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for
                                                                                                                                                 use by the Group. Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Each lease payment
                                                                                                                                                 is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to income statement over the lease period so as
                                                                                                                                                 to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is
EFFECTIVE INTEREST RATE                                                                                                                          depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Bank loans                                                                                                       6.0%             5.6%
                                                                                                                                           	Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense
Subordinated notes                                                                                               5.4%             5.4%       in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.


UNDRAWN FACILITIES
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-20                 -          50,700
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-21            1,900           26,000
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-22            6,000           88,000
Revolving cash advances                                                                        Mar-25           95,000                -
TOTAL UNDRAWN BORROWING FACILITIES                                                                             102,900        164,700
84      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                         85




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




9. LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)                                                                                                           9. LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                GROUP
The right-of-use assets are presented in the Group’s balance sheet separately and relate to the lease of:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2019
• land, foreshore license and barge ramp where the oil tanker jetty is located. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $000
    until the expiry of the lease;
• platinum held in catalysts used in the oil refining process. The leased platinum must be returned to the lessor at the end of the       Lease liabilities
    lease term. The estimated cost of reclamation, discounted to present value, is included as a provision in the Group’s balance sheet,
    refer to note 13. The lease payments are variable and represent interest paid to the lessor based on an agreed fixed rate and with     Opening lease liability                                                              2,474
    reference to the market value of the leased platinum.                                                                                  Lease liability recognised as a result of adoption of IFRS 16                        1,304

There are no restrictions or covenants imposed by leases, or exposure arising from residual value guarantees. Extension and                Lease liability as at 1 January 2019                                                 3,778
termination options included in some leases are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts and are            Lease payments (capital portion)                                                      (324)
exercisable by the Group.
                                                                                                                                           CLOSING LEASE LIABILITY, INCLUDING:                                                  3,454
The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities:                                       Current                                                                                248
                                                                                                                                           Non-current                                                                          3,206
                                                                                                                                  GROUP
                                                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                                                   $000
                                                                                                                                           The income statement includes the following amounts in relation to leases:
Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                GROUP
Opening net book value                                                                                                                -
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2019
Right-of-use assets (adoption of IFRS 16)                                                                                         2,140
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $000
Transfer of right-of-use assets from Property, Plant and Equipment                                                                2,328    Depreciation charge                                                                    440
Right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019                                                                                          4,468    Interest expense (included in Finance costs)                                           342
Depreciation charge                                                                                                                (440)   Expense relating to short-term leases (included in Administration and other costs)     220
CLOSING NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                                                           4,028    Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not short term leases
                                                                                                                                           (included in Administration and other costs)                                           609

Cost                                                                                                                              4,664    The total cash outflow for leases in 2019 was $1,154 thousand.
Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                           (636)
NET BOOK AMOUNT, INCLUDING:                                                                                                       4,028
Freehold land and improvements                                                                                                      209
Refining Plant                                                                                                                    2,197
Catalysts                                                                                                                         1,622
86      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            87




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                                                                                             10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, AND INTANGIBLES (continued)
This section shows the assets used to generate the Group’s trading performance and the liabilities incurred as a result. Liabilities
relating to the Group’s financing activities are detailed in the Debt and Equity section of the Notes. Taxation assets and liabilities are   During the financial year there have been no significant changes in estimates relating to useful lives of assets. The useful lives applied
detailed in the Performance section of these Notes.                                                                                           are as follows:

This section includes the following Notes:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                USEFUL LIVES

Note 10:        Property, plant and equipment, and intangibles                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (YEARS)
Note 11:        Operating leases                                                                                                             Freehold improvements                                                                                                                 5-50
Note 12:        Capital commitments
Note 13:        Provisions                                                                                                                   Buildings and jetties                                                                                                                 5-50
Note 14:        Trade and other receivables                                                                                                  Refining plant
Note 15:        Cash and cash equivalents
Note 16:        Inventories                                                                                                                  – tankage                                                                                                                            40-50
Note 17:        Trade and other payables                                                                                                     – rotating equipment                                                                                                                 20-30
Note 18:        Employee benefits
                                                                                                                                             – piping                                                                                                                             20-50
                                                                                                                                             – vessels and columns                                                                                                                25-40
10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, AND INTANGIBLES                                                                                           – instruments                                                                                                                        10-15
                                                                                                                                             – electrical and electrical cabling                                                                                                  15-25
 P    Property, plant and equipment and intangibles are initially recognised at cost which includes expenditures directly attributable to
       the acquisition. Cost also includes any transfers from the cash flow hedge reserve (as a basis adjustment) and borrowing costs        – plant shutdown and tank maintenance                                                                                                 2-20
       directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset.                                           – other refining plant                                                                                                               10-65

	Subsequent costs are included in the assets’ carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is            Catalysts                                                                                                                             3-10
  probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured            Refinery to Auckland Pipeline
  reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced asset is derecognised.
                                                                                                                                             – pipeline                                                                                                                              78
	Major inspections associated with planned plant shutdowns and tank maintenance are capitalised at cost and recognised
                                                                                                                                             – plant and equipment                                                                                                                10-34
  in the carrying amount of the refining plant, provided the recognition criteria are met.
                                                                                                                                             Wiri Oil terminal (leased)                                                                                                              20
	When an asset is disposed of, any gain or loss on disposal is calculated as the difference between the disposal proceeds and
                                                                                                                                             Equipment and vehicles                                                                                                                3-25
  the carrying value of the asset, and is recognised as a gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and presented
  in ‘Other gains’ or ‘Total depreciation and disposal costs’ in the Income Statement.
                                                                                                                                             Property, plant and equipment are included in the negative pledge arrangement as detailed in note 8.
	Property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
  amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement for the amount by
  which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount, being the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and
  its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately
  identifiable cash flows (cash generating units).

	Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis on all property, plant and equipment other than freehold land, capital work in
  progress and precious metals (rhenium, platinum) contained in certain catalysts.

	Intangibles relate to the New Zealand Units (NZUs) issued by the Crown to the Parent company, pursuant to the company’s
  Negotiated Greenhouse Agreement (NGA), which is valid until 2022. The Company is currently exempted from the Emissions
  Trading Scheme (ETS) due to the NGA and the Company’s demonstrated commitment to progress in reduction of energy intensity
  along a world’s best practice pathway.

	The Company is in dialogue with the Government to include Refining NZ in the ETS as Energy Intensive Trade Exposed at the
  expiry of the NGA. The NZUs are measured at historical cost and used to offset liabilities arising from carbon dioxide emissions.
  An assessment of impairment is performed annually with reference to external sources of information (market values of NZUs).

	The capital work in progress as at 31 December 2019 has been assessed by management, company project engineers and project
  managers as being recoverable.
88      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                     89




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, AND INTANGIBLES (continued)
                                                                                  FREEHOLD LAND           BUILDINGS           REFINING       CATALYSTS       REFINERY TO             WIRI OIL     EQUIPMENT     CAPITAL WORK         TOTAL     INTANGIBLES
                                                                                            AND                 AND             PLANT                         AUCKLAND             TERMINAL     AND VEHICLES     IN PROGRESS
                                                                                  IMPROVEMENTS              JETTIES                                             PIPELINE            (LEASED)
                                                                                                                                                                                     (NOTE 3)
                                                                                              $000               $000                $000          $000              $000               $000            $000             $000          $000           $000
AT 1 JANUARY 2018
Cost                                                                                        74,430           198,344          2,733,237          83,349          222,247              44,167         124,869         121,518     3,602,161           8,148
Accumulated depreciation                                                                   (52,630)           (97,366)       (2,033,615)        (46,575)         (114,568)           (41,014)        (87,460)               -    (2,473,228)              -
NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                             21,800           100,978              699,622        36,774          107,679               3,153          37,409         121,518     1,128,933           8,148


YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018
Opening net book value                                                                      21,800           100,978              699,622        36,774          107,679               3,153          37,409         121,518     1,128,933           8,148
Additions/transfers                                                                          3,835             1,947              153,895        14,190             6,103                   -         10,654          (30,534)     160,090           8,183
Disposals                                                                                         -                 -                   -          (633)               (1)                  -            (17)               -          (651)         (2,022)
Depreciation/amortisation charge                                                             (1,349)           (4,492)            (68,979)        (9,046)          (5,365)              (428)         (6,765)               -       (96,424)              -
CLOSING NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                     24,286            98,433              784,538        41,285          108,416               2,725          41,281          90,984     1,191,948          14,309


AT 31 DECEMBER 2018
Cost                                                                                        78,265           200,291         2,887,124           80,885          224,497              44,167         129,739          90,984     3,735,952          14,309
Accumulated depreciation                                                                   (53,979)         (101,858)        (2,102,586)        (39,600)         (116,081)           (41,442)        (88,458)               -    (2,544,004)              -
NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                             24,286            98,433              784,538        41,285          108,416               2,725          41,281          90,984     1,191,948          14,309


YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019
Opening net book value                                                                      24,286            98,433              784,538        41,285          108,416               2,725          41,281          90,984     1,191,948          14,309
Additions/transfers                                                                          4,078               652               78,478         4,206              125                   -           4,480         (13,175)       78,844           7,828
Disposals                                                                                         -                 -                   -             (1)                -                 -             (2)            (430)         (433)               -
Depreciation charge                                                                         (1,567)            (4,744)            (72,701)      (10,057)           (3,389)              (390)         (6,210)               -      (99,058)               -
CLOSING NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                     26,797            94,341              790,315        35,433          105,152               2,335          39,549          77,379     1,171,301          22,137


AT 31 DECEMBER 2019
Cost                                                                                        82,343           200,943         2,903,133           84,856          224,621              44,042         134,204          77,379     3,751,521          22,137
Accumulated depreciation                                                                   (55,546)         (106,602)        (2,112,818)        (49,423)        (119,469)            (41,707)        (94,655)               -    (2,580,220)              -
NET BOOK AMOUNT                                                                             26,797            94,341              790,315        35,433          105,152               2,335          39,549          77,379     1,171,301          22,137

During the year the Group has capitalised borrowings costs amounting to $2.1 million (2018: $0.7 million) on qualifying assets.
Borrowings costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 5.9% (2018: 5.6%).
90      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                            91




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




11. OPERATING LEASES                                                                                                                        13.        PROVISIONS

 P    Lease income from operating leases, where the Group is a lessor, are recognised as income on a straight-line basis over the           P 	Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, and it is more likely
       period of the lease.                                                                                                                         than not that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the amount has been reliably estimated.

The Group leases land and refining plant to Wiri Oil Services Limited (refer to note 3) under a non-cancellable operating lease which                                                                                                                         GROUP            GROUP
expires in February 2025 with no right of renewal. The annual Wiri land and terminal lease income and cost associated with the Wiri Oil                                                                                                                          2019               2018
land rental are disclosed in note 2.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $000               $000
                                                                                                                                            Jetty restoration provision                                                                                       11,776           10,866
                                                                                                              GROUP            GROUP
                                                                                                                                            Platinum reclamation provision                                                                                       867                   -
                                                                                                                 2019                2018
                                                                                                                 $000                $000   PROVISIONS                                                                                                        12,643           10,866
Lease payments receivable from operating leases where the Group is a lessor
                                                                                                                                            The restoration provision relates to restoration obligations in relation to a lease agreement for the seabed upon which the jetty is
– No later than one year                                                                                        6,609           6,609       situated at Marsden Point.
– One to five years                                                                                            21,248          26,225
                                                                                                                                            The platinum reclamation provision relates to leased platinum recognised on transition to NZ IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ (refer to note 9 for
– Beyond five years                                                                                                 -           1,631       further details).
TOTAL                                                                                                          27,857          34,465
                                                                                                                                             P 	The restoration provision is measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation
                                                                                                                                                    using a pre-tax interest rate that reflects the current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
                                                                                                                                                    the obligation.
12. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                                                            	Changes in the estimates during the year are recorded as a change in the restoration provision and the respective asset.
                                                                                                                                              Increase in the provision due to passage of time (unwinding of discount) is recognised as finance costs.
 P 	Commitments are presented for asset purchases contracted as at the reporting date but not provided for in the consolidated
      financial statements.                                                                                                                       	The present value of the restoration provision depends on a number of assumptions including estimated timing, restoration costs
                                                                                                                                             E      and the discount rate used. Management assesses the appropriateness of the assumptions at each balance date. Any changes
                                                                                                              GROUP            GROUP                in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of the restoration provision.
                                                                                                                 2019                2018
                                                                                                                 $000                $000   	This provision may be utilised at the lease expiry in 2025, however the expectation is that the agreement will be renegotiated
                                                                                                                                              for a further term. An interest rate of 1.83% (2018: 2.74%) has been applied and set with reference to New Zealand Government
Capital commitments in relation to property, plant and equipment                                               28,054          19,103         Bonds as a risk free rate.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              GROUP            GROUP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $000               $000
                                                                                                                                            AT 1 JANUARY                                                                                                      10,866               9,888
                                                                                                                                            Platinum reclamation provision (adoption of IFRS16)                                                                  850                   -
                                                                                                                                            Unwinding of discount                                                                                                271                345
                                                                                                                                            Change in discount rate                                                                                              656                633
                                                                                                                                            AT 31 DECEMBER                                                                                                    12,643           10,866
92      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                       93




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES                                                                                                            15. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

 P    Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest    P 	Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term, highly liquid
       rate method, less impairment. Trade receivables are measured at amortised cost on the basis that they are held within a business          investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are
       model in order to collect, on specified dates, contractual payments of principal.                                                         subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts.

                                                                                                               GROUP           GROUP       	In the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, the deposits placements and withdrawals and bank borrowings receipts and
                                                                                                                 2019             2018       repayments are presented on a net basis as their turnover is quick, amounts are large and the maturities are relatively short.
                                                                                                NOTE             $000             $000
                                                                                                                                           The below presents a reconciliation of net cash flow from operating activities to reported profit:
Processing fees                                                                                                 4,096          15,532
Product distribution                                                                                            3,773           5,245                                                                                                                      GROUP            GROUP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2019             2018
Other trade receivables                                                                                         4,023           3,008
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                NOTE          $000             $000
Excise duty                                                                                         17       127,581          112,102      NET PROFIT AFTER INCOME TAX                                                                                       4,165          29,616
Derivatives pending settlement                                                                                  1,645          11,599      Adjusted for:
Other receivables and prepayments                                                                               3,945           5,226      Depreciation and disposal costs                                                                          2      99,931           97,075
TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES                                                                            145,063          152,712      Movement in deferred tax                                                                               4(b)       1,522           8,165

Trade receivables in respect of processing fees and distribution are due from customers, and non-interest bearing and are normally           Add movement in deferred tax on items included in other comprehensive income                         4(b)      (1,285)          2,287
settled on 7 to 21 day terms.                                                                                                              Movement in provisions                                                                                  13        1,777             978
Excise duty receivable is due from customers and collected by the Parent on behalf of the New Zealand Customs Service and paid on            Less increase in restoration provision relating to property, plant and equipment and                  13       (1,491)            (633)
the same day each month (corresponding offset is presented as a payable in note 17).                                                         right-of-use assets
                                                                                                                                           Employee share scheme entitlement reserve                                                               21         241              303
Other receivables and prepayments generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group, for example
prepaid insurance premiums.                                                                                                                Increase in intangibles                                                                                 10       (7,828)          (6,161)
                                                                                                                                           Interest and other non-cash movements                                                                              620              (386)
The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised goods or services to the
customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. As a consequence, the Group does not adjust any of the transaction prices for
the time value of money.                                                                                                                   Impact of changes in working capital items
No allowance for impairment loss has been recognised as at 31 December 2019 (2018: Nil). Credit risk disclosures required pursuant to      Decrease in trade and other receivables                                                                 14        7,649           3,982
NZ IFRS 9 are outlined in note 19(b).
                                                                                                                                           Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                                         17      18,457           (23,638)
The carrying value of trade receivables approximates their fair values.                                                                      Less (decrease)/increase in trade and other payables relating to property, plant and
                                                                                                                                             equipment and intangibles                                                                                        (712)          3,517
Trade and other receivables related party balances are disclosed in note 3.                                                                (Decrease)/increase in employee benefits                                                                18       (9,280)         18,131
                                                                                                                                             Less employee entitlements included in other comprehensive income                                   18(k)       7,681          (16,024)
                                                                                                                                           (Increase) in income tax receivable                                                                              (4,501)          (9,847)
                                                                                                                                           (Decrease)/increase in inventories                                                                      16         179            (2,729)
                                                                                                                                           NET CASH INFLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                                      117,125          104,636
94      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                               95




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




15. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (continued)                                                                                                         16. INVENTORIES (continued)
The below sets out an analysis of the Group’s liabilities for which cash flows have been, or will be, classified as financing activities in
the statement of cash flows:                                                                                                                       E 	Inventories are reviewed annually for impairment. The inventory obsolescence depends on a number of assumptions, including
                                                                                                                                                        age and condition of each of the individual inventory items. As at 31 December 2019 management has written down the carrying
                                                                                                                                                        value of some inventories to estimated net realisable value, taking into account the above assumptions.
                                                      CASH         FINANCE        FINANCE      BORROWINGS      BORROWINGS             TOTAL
                                                 AND CASH        LEASE DUE      LEASE DUE       DUE WITHIN       DUE AFTER
                                               EQUIVALENTS          WITHIN      AFTER ONE         ONE YEAR        ONE YEAR                        The consumption of inventories and any associated write downs are recognised as part of Purchase of process materials and utilities
                                                                  ONE YEAR           YEAR                                                         and Materials and contractor payments as disclosed in note 2.
                                                         $000           $000          $000              $000             $000           $000
                                                                                                                                                  Inventories are included in the negative pledge arrangement (refer note 8).
NET DEBT AS AT 1 JANUARY 2018                         (17,557)          222          2,473                 -         170,000        155,138
Cash flows                                            16,778               -              -                -          88,601        105,379
Finance lease                                                -          (222)             -                -                  -         (222)     17. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Other non-cash movements                                     -          171            (171)         50,000           (50,000)                -
                                                                                                                                                   P    Trade payables, including collected excise duty, are initially recognised at amounts payable.
NET DEBT AS AT 1 JANUARY 2019                            (779)          171          2,302           50,000          208,601        260,295
Cash flows                                             (4,476)             -              -         (50,000)          36,800        (17,676)                                                                                                                     GROUP            GROUP
Finance lease                                                -          (171)         (152)                -                  -        (323)                                                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    NOTE            $000               $000
Adoption of IFRS 16 ‘Leases’                                 -          153          1,151                 -                  -       1,304
                                                                                                                                                  Trade payables                                                                                                 31,967           29,677
Other non-cash movements                                     -            95            (95)               -           1,215          1,215
                                                                                                                                                  Goods services tax payable                                                                                      1,847               3,783
NET DEBT AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019                        (5,255)          248          3,206                 -         246,616        244,815
                                                                                                                                                  Deferred income                                                                                        10       9,623               6,999
Cash and cash equivalents include $4,777 thousand (2018: $2 thousand) held by Refining NZ’s electricity futures broker as collateral.             Excise duty                                                                                            14     127,581         112,102
                                                                                                                                                  TOTAL TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES                                                                                171,018         152,561

16. INVENTORIES                                                                                                                                   Trade payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition.

                                                                                                                                                  Changes to excise duties have no direct impact on the results of the Group as they are collected from the oil companies (note 14)
 P    Inventories comprise spare parts and consumables, and are stated at the lower of cost, determined using the weighted average
                                                                                                                                                  and paid to the New Zealand Customs Service on the same day each month.
       cost method, or net realisable value.
                                                                                                                                                  Deferred income relates to the New Zealand Units (NZUs) received in advance – refer to note 10.
	Inventories are classified as current assets where usage is expected to be within 12 months and as non-current assets where
  usage is expected after 12 months.
                                                                                                                                                  Trade and other payables related party balances are disclosed in note 3.
                                                                                                                   GROUP             GROUP
                                                                                                                      2019              2018
                                                                                                                      $000              $000
INVENTORIES
Current inventories:
Inventories at weighted average cost                                                                                 3,774            3,471
Obsolescence provision                                                                                                (434)             (497)
Total current inventories                                                                                            3,340            2,974


Non-current inventories:
Inventories at weighted average cost                                                                                23,776           24,103
Obsolescence provision                                                                                              (4,366)           (4,148)
Total non-current inventories                                                                                       19,410           19,955
TOTAL INVENTORIES                                                                                                   22,750           22,929
96      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                        97




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS                                                                                                                  18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)
Liabilities for employee benefits comprise the following:
                                                                                                                                       (a) Defined benefit pension plan
                                                                   2019                                     2018
                                                   CURRENT            NON-        TOTAL     CURRENT          NON-           TOTAL
                                                                   CURRENT                                CURRENT                      Nature of benefits
                                        NOTE                $000      $000         $000          $000          $000             $000
                                                                                                                                       Total membership of the scheme as at 31 December 2019 was 196 (2018: 199). This total membership includes 66 (2018: 74) current
Defined benefit pension plan              18(b)                -    24,907       24,907             -        34,428        34,428      staff members contributing to the scheme, who have pension entitlements based on final salary and membership. At retirement,
                                                                                                                                       members may elect to exchange part, or all, of their pension for a cash lump sum. The balance of the membership of the Plan is 123
Medical plan                              18(b)             104      9,958       10,062          207          7,990         8,197
                                                                                                                                       (2018: 118) pensioners receiving regular pension payments; and 7 (2018: 7) members receiving disability pensions, which can be paid
Wages, salaries, annual leave                                                                                                          from the Plan until normal retirement age.
and sick leave                                         6,610              -       6,610         5,737               -       5,737
Employee incentive scheme                                      -          -             -       2,905               -       2,905      Description of regulatory framework

Long-service leave and                                                                                                                 The Financial Markets Authority licenses and supervises regulated superannuation schemes. The Fund is an employer related restricted
retirement bonus                                       1,147         6,029        7,176         1,099         5,669         6,768      workplace savings scheme under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the Act).

TOTAL                                                  7,861        40,894       48,755         9,948        48,087        58,035      The Act requires an actuarial valuation to be performed for each defined benefit superannuation scheme at least every three years
                                                                                                                                       to assess whether the Company’s current level of contributions to the Plan is sufficient to meet future obligations (funding valuation).
      Defined benefit pension plan (scheme closed since 31 December 2002)                                                              For detail regarding the latest funding valuation see note 18(h).
 P
	The Parent contributes to a defined benefit pension plan (the “Plan”) for eligible employees. The liability recognised in the        At each balance date an accounting update is performed by an independent actuary in accordance with NZ IAS 19 “Employee Benefits”
  Consolidated Balance Sheet in respect of the defined benefit pension plan is the present value of the defined benefit pension        for recording in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The last full actuarial valuation performed under the Superannuation Schemes Act
  plan obligation at the balance date less the fair value of plan assets.                                                              1989 was as at 31 March 2019.

	The defined benefit pension plan obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit          Description of other entities’ responsibilities for the governance of the fund
  method. The present value of the defined benefit pension plan obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future
  cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related            The Trustees of the Fund are responsible for the governance of the Fund. The Trustees are appointed by the Company and have a legal
  pension liability.                                                                                                                   obligation to act solely in the best interests of the Fund beneficiaries. The Trustees have the following roles:
                                                                                                                                       • Administration of the Fund and payment to the beneficiaries from Plan assets when required in accordance with the Plan rules.
	Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited to       • Management and investment of the Plan assets.
  equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.                                                              • Compliance with superannuation law and other applicable regulations.

      Past-service costs are recognised immediately in the Consolidated Income Statement.                                              Description of risks
                                                                                                                                       Under the defined benefit pension plan the Group has a legal obligation to pay further contributions if the Fund does not hold sufficient
 P    Medical plan (scheme closed since 1996)                                                                                          assets to pay all employees the benefits they are entitled to. There are a number of risks that could expose the Company to such a
	The Parent pays health insurance premiums in respect of 21 former and current employees when they retire, until their death.         shortfall; the more significant risks being:
  This arrangement is no longer offered to new employees. The medical plan is accounted for in a similar manner to the defined         • Investment returns – the funding valuation assumes a certain return on assets, which will be available to fund liabilities. Lower
  benefit plan outlined above, with an accounting valuation performed by an independent actuary at each balance date.                      than assumed returns could require the Company to increase contributions to offset the shortfall.
                                                                                                                                       • Life expectancy – the majority of the Plan’s obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member, so increases in life
      Wages, salaries, annual leave and sick leave                                                                                         expectancy will result in an increase in the Plan’s liabilities.
 P
      These liabilities are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when settled.                                                  The Plan liabilities are calculated, for financial reporting purposes, using a discount rate set with reference to New Zealand Government
                                                                                                                                       Bonds. A decrease in the government bond yield will increase Plan liabilities for financial reporting purposes, but not necessarily impact
      Employee incentive schemes                                                                                                       upon the funding requirements of the Company.
 P
	The Company offers a short term incentive scheme to eligible employees which recognises both individual and                          Description of significant events
  Company performance.
                                                                                                                                       There were no Fund amendments, curtailments or settlements during 2019 (2018: Nil).
	The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is past practice that has created a
  constructive obligation.

 P    Long-service leave and retirement bonus
	Long service leave and retirement bonuses are measured based on an actuarial assessment and represent the present value of
  the estimated future cash outflows, which are expected as a result of employee services provided up to the balance date.
98      REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                99




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)                                                                                                                        18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          MEDICAL PLAN                           PENSION PLAN
(b) Reconciliation of the medical plan and pension plan net liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                                               PRESENT      FAIR VALUE    TOTAL       PRESENT      FAIR VALUE         TOTAL
                                                                                                                                                                                                               VALUE OF        OF PLAN                VALUE OF        OF PLAN
                                                                                        MEDICAL PLAN                           PENSION PLAN                                                                  OBLIGATION        ASSETS               OBLIGATION        ASSETS
                                                                                         2019               2018                2019             2018                                               NOTE           $000           $000      $000          $000           $000           $000
                                                                        NOTE             $000               $000                $000             $000    AT 1 JANUARY 2019 EXCLUDING TAXES                       (8,197)             -    (8,197)     (106,120)        83,054       (23,066)
Present value of the defined benefit obligation                          18(c)      (10,062)              (8,197)           (108,322)       (106,120)    Current service cost                        18(j)            -              -         -        (1,902)             -         (1,902)
Fair value of plan assets                                          18(c),18(d)              -                  -              91,634          83,054     Interest (expense)/income                   18(j)         (226)             -     (226)        (2,552)         1,985          (567)
DEFICIT                                                                             (10,062)              (8,197)            (16,688)         (23,066)   Remeasurements
Contributions tax                                                                           -                  -              (8,219)         (11,362)   – Actual return on plan assets less
LIABILITY IN THE BALANCE SHEET                                                      (10,062)              (8,197)            (24,907)         (34,428)      interest income                         18(k)              -             -          -             -         9,893         9,893
                                                                                                                                                         – Actuarial losses arising from changes
                                                                                                                                                           in financial assumptions                                (550)             -     (550)        (2,754)             -         (2,754)
(c) Movements in the net liabilities recognised in the Balance Sheet                                                                                     – Actuarial losses arising from changes
                                                                                                                                                           in demographic assumptions                                  -             -          -          44               -            44
                                                                        MEDICAL PLAN                                       PENSION PLAN                  – Actuarial (losses)/gains arising from
                                                            PRESENT        FAIR VALUE           TOTAL       PRESENT          FAIR VALUE        TOTAL        liability experience                                 (1,375)             -    (1,375)         (748)             -          (748)
                                                            VALUE OF          OF PLAN                       VALUE OF            OF PLAN
                                                          OBLIGATION          ASSETS                      OBLIGATION            ASSETS                   DEFINED BENEFIT ACTUARIAL
                                             NOTE               $000             $000            $000              $000            $000          $000    GAIN/(LOSS)                                18(k)        (1,925)             -    (1,925)       (3,458)         9,893         6,435
AT 1 JANUARY 2018 EXCLUDING TAXES                              (7,422)              -           (7,422)      (104,436)           93,282       (11,154)   Contributions:
Current service cost                              18(j)             -               -                -         (1,863)                  -      (1,863)   – Employers                                                  -              -         -             -          2,411         2,411
Interest (expense)/income                         18(j)         (242)               -            (242)         (3,012)            2,682          (330)   – Plan participants                                          -              -         -          (453)          453               -
Remeasurements                                                                                                                                           Benefits paid                                             286               -      286          5,735         (5,735)             -
– Actual return on plan assets less                                                                                                                     Premiums and expenses paid                                   -              -         -          427            (427)             -
  interest income                             18(k)                 -               -                -                 -         (4,607)       (4,607)
                                                                                                                                                         NET LIABILITY EXCLUDING TAXES
– Actuarial losses arising from changes                                                                                                                 31 DECEMBER 2019                                       (10,062)             -   (10,062)     (108,322)        91,634       (16,688)
  in financial assumptions                                      (665)               -            (665)         (6,185)                  -      (6,185)
– Actuarial (losses)/gains arising from
  liability experience                                            (61)              -              (61)             543                 -        543     (d) Fair value of defined benefit pension plan assets
DEFINED BENEFIT ACTUARIAL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SIGNIFICANT
GAIN/(LOSS)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          INPUTS
                                              18(k)             (726)               -            (726)         (5,642)           (4,607)      (10,249)                                                                                                                               LEVEL 2
Contributions:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          $000

– Employers                                                         -               -                -                 -           529           529     Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                                                             1,876
– Plan participants                                                 -               -                -              (482)          482              -    Debt instruments                                                                                                             8,540
Benefits paid                                                    193                -             193          9,043             (9,043)            -    Investment Funds – Composite Funds                                                                                          81,218
Premiums and expenses paid                                          -               -                -              271            (271)            -    TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                                                91,634
NET LIABILITY EXCLUDING TAXES
31 DECEMBER 2018                                               (8,197)              -           (8,197)      (106,120)           83,054       (23,066)
100     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                          101




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)                                                                                                              18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)
The percentage invested in each asset class at the balance date are:                                                                           (f) Sensitivity analysis – pension plan
                                                                                                                                               The sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the principal assumptions is shown in the graphs below.
                                                                                                                     PENSION PLAN
                                                                                                                 2019               2018                                  1% DISCOUNT RATE INCREASE ($000)         1% DISCOUNT RATE DECREASE ($000)
                                                                                                                                               (12,004)                                                                                                        14,876
Australasian Equity                                                                                           10.3%               10.1%
                                                                                                                                               (11,760)                                                                                                        14,574
International Equity                                                                                          33.3%               31.2%
Fixed Income                                                                                                  33.3%               36.4%                        1 YEAR DECREASE IN LIFE EXPECTANCY ($000)           1 YEAR INCREASE IN LIFE EXPECTANCY ($000)
                                                                                                                                               (2,163)                                                                                                          2,145
Cash                                                                                                          11.3%               10.5%        (2,119)                                                                                                          2,102
Property and Other                                                                                            11.8%               11.8%
                                                                                                                                                                                   1% SALARY DECREASE ($000)       1% SALARY INCREASE ($000)
                                                                                                                                               (2,994)                                                                                                          3,311
The fair value of plan assets includes no amounts relating to:
                                                                                                                                               (2,933)                                                                                                          3,244
• Any of the Group’s own financial instruments;
• Any property occupied by, or other assets used by, the Group.
                                                                                                                                                          2019 increase/(decrease) in defined benefit obligation

                                                                                                                                                          2018 increase/(decrease) in defined benefit obligation
(e) Principal actuarial assumptions at the balance sheet date
                                                                                                                                               The above sensitivity analysis is based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice,
                                                                                                                                               this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
 E 	
    The present value of the defined benefit pension plan obligation depends on a number of factors that are determined by an
       independent actuary using a number of assumptions, including the expected rate of salary increases, mortality in retirement and         The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis are consistent with those applied during the
       an appropriate discount rate. These assumptions are determined by the Group, in consultation with the independent actuary who           comparative reporting period.
       performs an accounting valuation in accordance with NZ IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ at each balance date. Any changes in these
       assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations.                                                                     (g) Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation
As at 31 December 2019 the following actuarial assumptions were applied:
                                                                                                                                               The average term at which the expected future discounted cash flows are due is 13 years (2018: 12 years).
                                                                                                                                               The average undiscounted expected term of all liabilities is 15 years (2018: 16 years).
                                                                              2019                                   2018
                                                           MEDICAL PLAN              PENSION PLAN   MEDICAL PLAN            PENSION PLAN       (h) Funding arrangements
Discount rate                                                          2.1%                 2.0%            2.8%                    2.5%
                                                                                                                                               The Actuary determines the Pension Plan’s financial position (funding valuation) every three years in accordance with the Financial
Expected rate of future salary increases                                  -                 2.5%                 -                  2.5%       Markets Conduct Act 2013. The last funding valuation was completed as at 31 March 2019, at which time the Plan was fully funded
Pension increases                                                         -          No provision                -           No provision      based on the assumptions used by the Actuary. These assumptions were consistent with the actuarial assumptions presented in note
                                                                                                                                               18(e), except for the discount rate determined based on the expected long term future returns of the plan rather than the risk free rate
Mortality in retirement                                                New Zealand Life Tables 2012-2014 mortality table,                      of return.
                                                                        set back by 1 year, together with an age related
                                                                              future mortality improvement scale.                              The funding objective adopted at the 31 March 2019 funding valuation is to ensure that the Fund’s assets are not less than the value
                                                                                                                                               of accrued benefits. The Company contributes a fixed amount of $1.5 million (including contributions tax at 33%) and a lump sum
                                                                                                                                               contribution to fund new disability pensions. The next statutory valuation is due no later than 31 March 2022.
Health insurance premium                                               8.0%                     -           8.0%                           -
Rate of Fringe Benefit Tax                                42.86%-49.25%                         -         49.25%                           -
102     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                103




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




18. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (continued)                                                                                               FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                                                This section outlines the key risk management activities undertaken to manage the Group’s exposure to financial risk.
(i) Expected contributions
                                                                                          MEDICAL PLAN      PENSION PLAN        This section includes the following Notes:
                                                                                                  2020                  2020
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDING                                                                             $000                  $000    Note 19:        Financial risk management
                                                                                                                                Note 20:        Derivative financial instruments
Expected employer contributions (net)                                                              286                  995


(j) Amounts recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement                                                                     19. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                                                                    MEDICAL PLAN                         PENSION PLAN           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks (market, credit and liquidity) in the normal course of the Group’s business.
                                                             2019                  2018           2019                  2018
                                                             $000                  $000           $000                  $000    Risk management is performed by Group Management who evaluate and hedge certain financial risks including currency risk and
Service cost                                                    -                     -          1,902              1,863       interest rate risk under a Treasury Policy that is approved by the Board of Directors.

Net interest cost                                            226                   242            567                   330     (a) Market risk
Plan expense                                                 226                   242           2,469              2,193       Market risk includes refining margin, electricity pricing, currency and interest rate risk.

Contributions tax                                               -                     -          1,216              1,079       Refining margin risk
PLAN EXPENSE PLUS TAXES                                      226                   242           3,685              3,272       The refining margin (margin) generated by the Group is a key input to the calculation of the processing fee revenue which comprises
                                                                                                                                70% (2018: 71%) of the Group’s total operating revenue. Processing fee revenue is set as 70% of the gross refining margin generated,
                                                                                                                                subject to a fee floor of $136 million (2018: $134 million), and margin cap of USD9.00 per barrel for each customer. This 70/30 split of
(k) Amounts recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                                 the refining margin reflects the fact that Refining NZ’s customers bear the risks and associated costs of crude purchasing, the finance
                                                                                                  2019                  2018    and currency costs and risks associated with maintaining crude, feedstock and product inventories, shipping and demurrage risks and
                                                                                                  $000                  $000    guaranteeing a minimum processing fee.
Defined benefit actuarial (loss)                                                                (3,457)            (5,642)      The margin is calculated as the typical market value of all the products produced, minus the typical market value of all feedstock
Actual return on plan assets less interest income                                                9,893             (4,607)      processed. The typical market value of products is determined by using quoted prices for the products in Singapore plus the typical
                                                                                                                                freight cost to New Zealand plus product quality premia. The typical value of feedstock is determined by using the market value for
Actuarial loss medical scheme                                                                   (1,925)                 (726)   crude oil and other feedstock at the point of purchase, plus the typical cost of freight to New Zealand.
Total recognised in other comprehensive income                                                   4,511            (10,975)
                                                                                                                                Refining margin risk is the risk of volatility in the typical product and feedstock prices to which the Group is exposed. The Group’s
Contributions tax                                                                                3,170             (5,049)      revenue is likely to be impacted, favourably or unfavourably, during periods of market price volatility. The Group does not hedge this risk.
                                                                                                                                The downside in the volatility of margin and foreign exchange risk is limited by the processing fee floor, which comes into effect if the
TOTAL RECOGNISED IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME WITH CONTRIBUTIONS TAX                            7,681            (16,024)
                                                                                                                                total processing fee for a calendar year does not exceed a minimum value. The fee floor is subject to annual Producers Price Index (PPI)
                                                                                                                                based escalation.

                                                                                                                                Electricity
                                                                                                                                The Group is also exposed to commodity price risk in relation to the purchase of electricity. This exposure exists as a result of the Group
                                                                                                                                purchasing electricity via the New Zealand Electricity Wholesale Market, which is subject to price volatility caused by both demand/
                                                                                                                                supply and transmission constraints. The Group uses electricity futures and Contracts for Differences to hedge the electricity price risk.
104     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                        105




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




19. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)                                                                                                   19. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
Currency risk                                                                                                                                 Interest rate risk – change in interest rates by 25 basis points (bps) is considered by the Group reasonably possible over the
                                                                                                                                            •	
                                                                                                                                              short-term.
The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk as a result of transactions denominated in currencies other than the Group’s functional
currency. The primary currencies giving rise to the currency risk are US dollar, Singaporean dollar, Euro and Australian dollar. Currency                                                  25 BPS DECREASE ($000)   25 BPS INCREASE ($000)
risk arises from the processing fee (being calculated in US dollars and billed in New Zealand dollars) and future commercial transactions      (179                                                                                                             (179)
(purchase of property, plant and equipment, goods or services).                                                                                (86                                                                                                               (86)
                                                                                                                                               (94)                                                                                                               93)
The Group may enter into hedging agreements with Board approval and in accordance with the Group’s Treasury Policy which requires
                                                                                                                                               (543)                                                                                                            540)
all purchases of all capital items of value exceeding certain thresholds to be hedged with either forward exchange contracts or
currency options.                                                                                                                                       2019 – Profit or loss before tax
                                                                                                                                                        2018 – Profit or loss before tax
Interest rate risk
                                                                                                                                                        2019 – Equity (pre-tax)
The Group’s interest rate risk arises from fixed term borrowings at floating interest rates. The Group uses interest rate swaps to manage               2018 – Equity (pre-tax)
the interest rate risk. The swaps are floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps under which the Group agrees with other parties to exchange
the difference between fixed contract rates and floating interest rates calculated, on a quarterly basis, with reference to the agreed
notional amounts. Refer to note 20 for further information.
                                                                                                                                            (b) Credit risk
Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                                                                            Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments and deposits with banks and financial institutions,
The graphs below summarise the potential impact of each type of market risk exposures on the Group’s profit before tax and equity           as well as credit exposures to customers from outstanding receivables and committed transactions.
(assuming all other factors remain unchanged), except for electricity risk which was effectively hedged in 2018 and 2019.
                                                                                                                                            For banks only parties with a minimum long-term credit rating of A+ or A1 are accepted. Gross limits are set for financial institutions
• Price risk – an increase and decrease of refining margin by USD1.00 per barrel.                                                           and the usage of these limits is determined by assigning product weightings to the principal amount of the transaction.
                                           USD1/BBL DECREASE ($000)    USD1/BBL INCREASE ($000)
                                                                                                                                            Transactions are spread across a number of counterparties to avoid concentrations of credit exposure. No credit limits were exceeded
   (45,308)                                                                                                      45,308
                                                                                                                                            during the reporting period and Management does not expect any losses from non-performance by counterparties.
   (41,005)                                                                                                      41,005
   (45,308)                                                                                                      45,308                     The Group is exposed to credit risk if counterparties fail to make payments as they fall due in respect of payment of trade receivables
   (41,005)                                                                                                      41,005                     as invoices fall due 7-14 days for the Parent and 30 days for its subsidiary after being raised. The receivables from the oil companies
                                                                                                                                            (as disclosed in the related party note 3) present a concentration of credit risk, however, Management has assessed the credit quality
              2019 – Profit or loss before tax                                                                                              of these customers as being high. Based on the analysis of the historical payments of the Group’s customers and with reference to
              2018 – Profit or loss before tax                                                                                              their credit rating and short payment terms, the Group assessed the expected credit losses to be immaterial. No collateral is held over
              2019 – Equity (pre-tax)                                                                                                       trade receivables.
              2018 – Equity (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                                            The maximum exposure to credit risk at balance date is the carrying amount of the financial assets.
  Currency risk – the sensitivity analysis is presented based on the impact of the New Zealand dollar weakening or strengthening
•	
                                                                                                                                            Overdue trade receivable balances at 31 December 2019, which were subsequently paid in January 2020, totalled $0.343 million
  against foreign currencies, such as US dollar, Singaporean dollar, Euro and Australian dollar. A 10% movement in foreign currencies
                                                                                                                                            (2018: $1.206 million). Management consider that these balances are not impaired.
  is considered as reasonably possible given the volatility in foreign exchange rates in the prior years.

                                             NZD 10% STRONGER ($000)   NZD 10% WEAKER ($000)
   (21,939)                                                                                                      26,848                     (c) Liquidity risk
   (23,473)                                                                                                      28,669
   (22,472)                                                                                                      27,499                     The Group monitors rolling forecasts of liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs while
   (23,522)                                                                                                      28,726
                                                                                                                                            maintaining sufficient headroom on the Group’s undrawn borrowing facilities (note 8).

              2019 – Profit or loss before tax                                                                                              Surplus cash held by the Group over and above the balance required for working capital management is invested in interest bearing
              2018 – Profit or loss before tax                                                                                              current accounts, term deposits, and money market deposits, choosing instruments with appropriate maturities or sufficient liquidity
              2019 – Equity (pre-tax)                                                                                                       to provide sufficient headroom as determined by the above-mentioned forecasts.
              2018 – Equity (pre-tax)
106     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                        107




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




19. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)                                                                                                    19. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
Non-derivative financial liabilities                                                                                                         Derivative financial liabilities
The following table sets out the maturity analysis for non-derivative financial liabilities based on the contractual terms as at             The table below details the liquidity risk arising from derivative liabilities held by the Group at balance date. Derivative financial
balance date. The amounts presented are the contractual undiscounted cash flows and are based on the expiry of the bank facility             liabilities are split into the Gross settled derivatives which include foreign exchange forward contracts with the inflow being based
or maturity of the subordinated notes.                                                                                                       on the foreign currency converted at the closing spot rate, and the net settled derivatives which include interest rate swaps with the
                                                                                                                                             floating rate being based on the most recent rate set.
The liquidity analysis set out below discloses cash outflows resulting from the financial liabilities only, and does not consider expected
net cash inflows from financial assets (including trade receivables) or undrawn debt facilities which provide liquidity support to the
Group. Contractual cash flows associated with bank borrowings include interest for the period until the debt rollover date (typically                                                                                  CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS
within 6 months from the balance date) and subordinated notes include interest in the period until their expiry on 1 March 2034.                                                     CARRYING      LESS THAN       BETWEEN      BETWEEN        BETWEEN            OVER         TOTAL
                                                                                                                                                                                      AMOUNT        6 MONTHS      6 MONTHS      1-2 YEARS      2-5 YEARS       5 YEARS          CASH
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    - 1 YEAR                                                  FLOWS
                                                                                                                                             GROUP 2019                                    $000           $000           $000         $000          $000           $000          $000
                                                                           CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS
                                         CARRYING      LESS THAN       BETWEEN      BETWEEN        BETWEEN            OVER          TOTAL    DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
                                          AMOUNT        6 MONTHS      6 MONTHS      1-2 YEARS      2-5 YEARS       5 YEARS           CASH    INSTRUMENTS
                                                                        - 1 YEAR                                                   FLOWS
GROUP 2019                                     $000          $000            $000         $000           $000          $000           $000   Net settled derivatives                     (4,302)           524           (74)       (2,001)       (2,739)             -        (4,290)
NON-DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL                                                                                                                     Gross settled derivatives
LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                             Outflows                                          -           (87)       (1,193)       (4,757)             -             -        (6,037)
Trade and other payables                    (31,967)      (31,967)              -            -              -             -       (31,967)
                                                                                                                                             Inflows                                           -           89          1,179         4,706              -             -        5,974
Lease liabilities                            (3,454)         (252)          (290)         (532)       (1,551)        (3,499)       (6,124)
                                                                                                                                             Total gross settled derivatives                (86)             2           (14)          (51)             -             -           (63)
Bank borrowings                           (172,100)        (1,681)              -      (98,100)      (74,000)             -      (173,781)   TOTAL DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
Subordinated notes                          (74,516)       (1,913)        (1,913)       (3,825)      (11,475)     (111,337)      (130,463)   LIABILITIES                                 (4,388)           526           (88)       (2,052)       (2,739)             -        (4,353)
TOTAL NON-DERIVATIVE
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES                     (282,037)       (35,813)        (2,203)     (102,457)      (87,026)    (114,836)       (342,335)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                                     CARRYING      LESS THAN       BETWEEN      BETWEEN        BETWEEN            OVER         TOTAL
                                                                                                                                                                                      AMOUNT        6 MONTHS      6 MONTHS      1-2 YEARS      2-5 YEARS       5 YEARS          CASH
                                                                           CONTRACTUAL CASH FLOWS                                                                                                                   - 1 YEAR                                                  FLOWS
                                         CARRYING      LESS THAN       BETWEEN      BETWEEN        BETWEEN            OVER          TOTAL    GROUP 2018                                    $000           $000           $000         $000          $000           $000          $000
                                          AMOUNT        6 MONTHS      6 MONTHS      1-2 YEARS      2-5 YEARS       5 YEARS           CASH
                                                                        - 1 YEAR                                                   FLOWS     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL
GROUP 2018                                     $000          $000            $000         $000           $000          $000           $000   INSTRUMENTS
NON-DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL                                                                                                                     Net settled derivatives                       (627)        2,457           (373)       (2,824)             -             -          (740)
LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                             Gross settled derivatives
Trade and other payables                    (29,677)      (29,677)              -             -             -             -       (29,677)
                                                                                                                                             Outflows                                          -          (697)         (576)         (191)           (71)            -        (1,535)
Bank borrowings                            (185,300)        (2,216)             -     (100,000)      (85,300)             -      (187,516)
                                                                                                                                             Inflows                                           -          700            581           193            71              -        1,545
Subordinated notes                          (73,301)         (807)        (1,913)       (3,825)      (11,475)      (115,162)     (133,182)
                                                                                                                                             Total gross settled derivatives                 18              3             5             2              -             -           10
TOTAL NON-DERIVATIVE
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES                      (288,278)      (32,700)        (1,913)     (103,825)      (96,775)      (115,162)     (350,375)   TOTAL DERIVATIVE
                                                                                                                                             FINANCIAL LIABILITIES                         (609)        2,460           (368)       (2,822)             -             -          (730)
108     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                              109




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




20. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                                                                                              20. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
                                                                                                                                                  The Group’s financial instruments have been measured at the fair value measurement hierarchy of:
 P 	At initial recognition, the derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered         • Level 1 for electricity futures;
       into and are subsequently re-measured at their fair value. The fair value of derivative financial instruments approximates their
       carrying value.                                                                                                                            • Level 2 for interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts.

	Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes and not as speculative investments. The Group designates certain                        Electricity futures are traded on an active market, the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). The Group uses ASX mark-to-market quotes
  derivatives as hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction            to determine the fair value of the futures contracts and contracts for differences.
  (cash flow hedge).
                                                                                                                                                  Interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts are not traded in an active market and their fair value is determined by
                                                                                                                                                  using accepted valuation techniques. Specific valuation techniques used by the Group refer to observable market data and include:
	At inception each transaction is documented, detailing the economic relationship and the hedge ratio between hedging
  instruments and hedged items, the risk management objective and strategy, and the assessment, initially and on an ongoing                       • The fair value of interest rate swaps is calculated as the present value of the estimated future cash flows based on observable
  basis, of whether the derivatives used in the hedging transaction are highly effective.                                                             yield curves, and
                                                                                                                                                  • The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is determined using forward exchange rates at the balance date, with the
	The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is                            resulting value discounted back to present value.
  recognised in equity in the cash flow hedge reserve. Hedge effectiveness is determined at inception of the hedge relationship,
  and through periodic effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item                                                                                                                   2019                             2018
  and hedging instrument. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in other operating                                                                                                    ASSETS       LIABILITIES         ASSETS       LIABILITIES
  gains/losses in the Income Statement.                                                                                                                                                                                           $000             $000             $000            $000
                                                                                                                                                  Cash flow hedges:
The net movement in the cash flow hedge reserve comprises:
                                                                                                                                                  – forward foreign exchange contracts                                                -             (15)             12                  -
                                                                                                                       2019               2018
                                                                                                                       $000               $000    – electricity futures and contracts for differences                            4,421             (416)          6,237                  -
Foreign exchange hedges transferred to property, plant and equipment                                                    (13)              (457)   – interest rate swaps                                                               -          (3,566)               -          (1,300)
Foreign exchange contracts entered into during the year                                                                 (90)               18     TOTAL CURRENT PORTION                                                          4,421           (3,997)          6,249           (1,300)
Movement in value of foreign exchange contracts held throughout the year                                                  -                 (1)   Cash flow hedges:
Interest rate swaps maturing in the year                                                                             1,301                137     – forward foreign exchange contracts                                                -             (71)              6                  -
Movement in value of interest rate swaps held throughout the year                                                    1,998             2,619      – electricity futures and contracts for differences                              205           (4,946)               -                 -

Electricity futures and contracts for differences entered into during the year                                        (780)            3,740      – interest rate swaps                                                               -               -                -          (5,564)

Electricity futures and contracts for differences settled in the year                                                (5,510)              (735)   TOTAL NON-CURRENT PORTION                                                        205           (5,017)              6           (5,564)

Movement in value of electricity futures held throughout the year                                                         -            2,535
Gross movement in cash flow hedge reserve                                                                           (3,094)            7,856
Deferred tax                                                                                                           866            (2,200)
NET MOVEMENT IN CASH FLOW HEDGE RESERVE                                                                             (2,228)            5,656

The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability if the remaining maturity of the hedged item is
more than 12 months.

Financial instruments are measured at fair value using the following fair value measurement hierarchy:
• Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1),
• Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (that is, as
    prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2), and
• Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level 3).
110     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     111




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




20. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)                                                                                             OTHER
                                                                                                                                             This section contains additional notes and disclosures that aid in understanding Refining NZ’s performance and financial position.
The effects of the derivative financial instruments on the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:
                                                                                                                                             This section includes the following Notes:
                                                       FOREIGN EXCHANGE FORWARD CONTRACTS                    INTEREST         ELECTRICITY
                                                                                                          RATE SWAPS        FUTURES AND
                                                                                                                          CONTRACTS FOR      Note 21:            Employee share-based payments
                                                                                                                             DIFFERENCES     Note 22:            Contingent liabilities
                                                       AUD           EUR           SGD            USD                                        Note 23:            Auditor’s fees
31 DECEMBER 2019
Carrying amount – net asset/(liability) ($000)            -             -             4            (90)        (3,565)              (736)
                                                                                                                                             21. EMPLOYEE SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Notional amount (equivalent of NZ$000)                    -             -           202         5,836         100,000             85,060
Maturity date                                             -             -    2020-2021      2020-2021            2020          2020-2022      P 	Share-based payments with employees, classified as equity-settled transactions, are recognised as an expense with a
                                                                                                                                                     corresponding entry to employee share entitlement reserve, and measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted at
Hedge ratio                                               -             -            1:1           1:1             1:1                1:1
                                                                                                                                                     grant date. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of shares that will ultimately vest over the
Change in fair value of hedging instrument                                                                                                           vesting period. The shares purchased by the Parent on market are accounted for as Treasury Stock.
($000)                                                    3           (12)            (4)          (90)         3,299              (6,973)
                                                 AU$/NZ$       EUR/NZ$        SG$/NZ$       US$/NZ$                                          The Company operates an Employee Share Purchase Scheme (“scheme”) which qualifies as an “Exempt ESS” under section CW26C
Weighted average hedged rate                           -             -          0.9252        0.6655           5.65%        $113.4/MWh       of the Income Tax Act 2007. Eligible employees are offered $1,000 worth of shares, multiplied by the Business Performance Factor
                                                                                                                                             (BPF) during the year of award and increased by an employee contribution of $1. The shares are purchased on-market and held by CRS
                                                       FOREIGN EXCHANGE FORWARD CONTRACTS                    INTEREST         ELECTRICITY    Nominees Limited, during a three year vesting period. As at 31 December 2019 there have been 92,910 shares vested to the Company
                                                                                                          RATE SWAPS        FUTURES AND      employees (31 December 2018: Nil).
                                                                                                                          CONTRACTS FOR
                                                                                                                             DIFFERENCES
                                                                                                                                             The details of the scheme, including expenses arising from the scheme (as presented in Employee Share Scheme Entitlement Reserve),
                                                       AUD           EUR           SGD            USD
                                                                                                                                             are as follows:
31 DECEMBER 2018
                                                                                                                                             PERFORMANCE                     GRANT              VESTING          NUMBER               COMPANY                                     EXPENSES ARISING
Carrying amount – net asset/(liability) ($000)           (3)           12             8              -          (6,864)            6,237     YEAR                             DATE                 DATE        OF ELIGIBLE        CONTRIBUTION                                    FROM THE SCHEME
                                                                                                                                                                                                               EMPLOYEES          PER EMPLOYEE
Notional amount (equivalent of NZ$000)                 139            759           375              -        150,000             16,459
Maturity date                                         2019     2019-2020     2019-2021               -     2019-2020                2019                                                                                                                    2015        2016         2017    2018    2019   TOTAL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    $       $000        $000         $000    $000    $000     $000
Hedge ratio                                             1:1           1:1           1:1              -             1:1                1:1    2015                      7 April 2016 21 April 2019                         299                  1,025          75          62          62      85       8      292
Change in fair value of hedging instrument                                                                                                   2016                  29 March 2017           4 May 2020                     297                  1,250             -        91          62      80     100      333
($000)                                                  (23)         (148)          (16)         (254)          2,757              5,569
                                                  AU$/NZ$       EUR/NZ$       SG$/NZ$        US$/NZ$                                         2017                  26 March 2018           8 May 2021                     302                  1,050             -           -        77      70      68      215
Weighted average hedged rate                        0.9356        0.5892        0.9290              -          5.73%         $79.2/MWh       2018                  26 March 2019           6 May 2022                     314                    900             -           -          -     68      65      133
                                                                                                                                             2019 *                                  -                    -                  -                       -           -           -          -       -       -        -
For all hedges the quantity of the hedging instrument matched the quantity of the hedged items therefore the hedge ratios were 1:1.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              75         153         201     303     241      973
The forward exchange contracts are hedging committed or highly probable forecast purchases of property, plant and equipment                  Shares vested in 2019                                                                                                                                           (292)
denominated in foreign currency expected to occur at various dates with maturities between 2020 and 2021. At balance date all forward
exchange contracts had been designated as hedges and there was no ineffectiveness to be recorded from these cash flow hedges.                SHARE SCHEME RESERVE AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                                      681

Interest rate swaps are used to hedge highly probable cash flows associated with interest costs on borrowings and are used to convert        * A share offer in relation to the performance year 2019 has not been made by the Company to its employees as at 31 December 2019.
floating rate positions into fixed rate positions. As all critical terms matched during the year, the economic relationship was 100%
effective, and there was no ineffectiveness recorded from these hedges.

Electricity futures and contracts for differences are used to hedge highly probable cash flows associated with purchases of electricity at
spot market and an ineffective portion of the hedge may occur due to a volume mismatch and location factor. At balance date the hedge
ineffectiveness from these cash flow hedges amounted to $73 thousand (2018: $29 thousand).
112     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                    113




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019                                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2019




21. EMPLOYEE SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)                                                                                             23. AUDITOR’S FEES (continued)
Set out below are summaries of shares acquired by the Company during the financial year, included in Treasury Stock until vesting date:   Auditor change
                                                                                                                                          In December 2019, the Company aligned its audit independence policy and its external audit services with the guidance given by the
                                                                      2019                                       2018                     Financial Markets Authority (FMA) Handbook ‘Audit quality – a director’s guide’ issued in November 2019, covering auditor selection,
                                                   NUMBER          AVERAGE      VALUE OF       NUMBER        AVERAGE         VALUE OF     auditor independence and the audit process itself.
                                                 OF SHARES        PURCHASE       SHARES      OF SHARES      PURCHASE          SHARES
                                                                      PRICE    ACQUIRED                         PRICE       ACQUIRED
                                                        000’S    $ PER SHARE         $000          000’S   $ PER SHARE            $000    In accordance with the Company’s revised Auditor Independence policy statement, the Board carried out a market assessment of
                                                                                                                                          external audit services – which included consideration of the level of non-assurance services provided and the length of tenure of the
AT 1 JANUARY                                            375.8           2.58          969          252.8           2.68           678     current auditor – and appointed Ernst & Young (EY) to provide external audit services to the Company. Consequently, the Board and
Shares acquired                                         134.7           2.10          283          123.0           2.37           291     PwC reached a mutual agreement that PwC resign from their audit role.

Shares vested                                           (92.9)          3.14         (292)             -                -            -    EY will stand for reappointment by all shareholders at Refining NZ’s Annual Meeting to be held on 29 April 2020.
AT 31 DECEMBER                                          417.6           2.30          960          375.8           2.58           969
                                                                                                                                          Other services
                                                                                                                                          • Consulting Fee – strategic review
                                                                                                                                             In 2018 the Board engaged Strategy&, part of the PwC global network, to undertake a one-off advisory service, following a
22. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES                                                                                                                   comprehensive tender evaluation process. The services were provided by a consulting team based out of Australia, independent
                                                                                                                                             of the New Zealand audit team, and the Board and management retained full responsibilities for all decisions made both during
The Group has no contingent liabilities at 31 December 2019 (2018: nil).
                                                                                                                                             and following the review.

                                                                                                                                          • Executive Development Course Fees and Remuneration market data report
23. AUDITOR’S FEES                                                                                                                           The fees were paid to EY prior to their appointment as auditors of the Company and relate to course fees for the EY Darden
                                                                                                              GROUP            GROUP         Executive Development Program and a remuneration market data report.
                                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                                                 $000             $000
Auditor’s fees comprises:		
  Audit of financial statements – EY                                                                              215                -
  Audit of financial statements – PwC                                                                               -             155
  Reimbursement of travel and accommodation – EY                                                                   15                -
  Reimbursement of travel and accommodation – PwC                                                                   -              14
Other services:		
  Consulting fee – strategic review – Strategy& (PwC)                                                               -             681
  AGM scrutineering – PwC                                                                                           -               6
  Executive development course fees – EY                                                                           49                -
  Remuneration market data report - EY                                                                              8                -
  Advisory fees for remuneration benchmarking – PwC                                                                 -              16
AUDITOR’S FEES                                                                                                    287             872
114    REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                   115




Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE NEW ZEALAND REFINING COMPANY LIMITED                                                                TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF NEW ZEALAND REFINING COMPANY LIMITED GROUP




REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                PROCESSING FEE REVENUE
Opinion                                                                                                                        Why significant                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
We have audited the financial statements of The New Zealand Refining Company (“the Company”) Group and its
                                                                                                                               The most significant revenue stream of the Group,                   In obtaining sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
subsidiaries (together “the Group”) on pages 58 to 113, which comprise the consolidated balance sheet of the Group
                                                                                                                               and a key determinant of its profitability, is processing
as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income,                                                                                     •   We evaluated the Group’s process for calculating and
                                                                                                                               fee revenue. In 2019 this amounted to $242m of the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended of the                                                                                    recording processing fee revenue. We understood and
                                                                                                                               total Group revenue of $348m.
Group, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements including a summary of significant accounting policies.                                                                                  verified the design of key controls including
                                                                                                                               Processing fees are material related party transactions                 management’s review and authorisation of monthly
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements on pages 58 to 113 present fairly, in all material respects, the
                                                                                                                               with the Group’s shareholding oil companies, who are                    processing fee calculations.
consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and its consolidated financial performance and cash
                                                                                                                               also its customers.
flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards                                                                            •   We agreed the processing fee calculation methodology
and International Financial Reporting Standards.                                                                               The processing fee calculation is complex and includes                  used to recognise revenue to the method and pricing
                                                                                                                               many variables. The calculation is based on an agreed                   prescribed in the processing fee agreements and on a
This report is made solely to the company’s shareholders as a body. Our audit has been undertaken so that we might state
                                                                                                                               formula defined in the processing agreements with each                  sample basis reperformed the calculation of the
to the company’s shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other
                                                                                                                               of the oil companies. Note 19 (a) discloses a summary of                processing fee for each of the customers.
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
                                                                                                                               the method of calculation and the key inputs into the
company and the company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.                                                                         •   We agreed key inputs used in the calculation, on a
                                                                                                                               calculation of the processing fees.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       sample basis, to source documents.
Basis for opinion                                                                                                              Notes 2 and 3 of the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                   •   We confirmed the total annual processing fee with
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand). Our responsibilities under        explain the accounting policies used and an analysis
                                                                                                                                                                                                       each customer.
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of   of processing fee revenue.
our report.                                                                                                                                                                                        •   We tested payments received from the oil companies
                                                                                                                                                                                                       during the year and agreed post year-end cash receipts
We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (revised) Code of Ethics for                                                                                    from each of the customers to the outstanding
Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our                                                                                    receivables at year end.
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   •   We reviewed the Group’s accounting policy and related
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                                                                                  disclosures with regard to the disclosure requirements
Ernst & Young provided remuneration benchmarking and executive development course services to the Group. Partners                                                                                      of IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’
and employees of our firm may deal with the Group on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the                                                                              and IAS 24 ‘Related Parties’.
business of the Group. We have no other relationship with, or interest in, the Group.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
section of the audit report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of
procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements.
The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis
for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
116    REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                         117




Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF NEW ZEALAND REFINING COMPANY LIMITED GROUP




Information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report
The directors of the company are responsible for the Annual Report, which includes information other than the consolidated
financial statements and auditor’s report which is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained during the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to
communicate the matter to those charged with governance and, if uncorrected, to take appropriate action to bring the
matter to the attention of users for whom our auditor’s report was prepared.

Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements
The directors are responsible, on behalf of the entity, for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards and International
Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing on behalf of the entity the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the External
Reporting Board’s website: https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurancepractitioners/auditors-responsibilities/
audit-report-1/. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Simon O’Connor.




Chartered Accountants
Auckland
26 February 2020
118     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                                                          119




Trend Statement                                                                                                          Trend Statement



                                                              2019        2018         2017         2016         2015                                                                                               2019     2018        2017     2016             2015
                                                              $000        $000         $000         $000         $000
                                                                                                                         DIVIDEND INFORMATION*
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
                                                                                                                         Dividend per share (cents)                                                                  2.0      7.5         18         9              25
Total income                                            348,375       362,466      414,620      354,156      446,771
                                                                                                                         Dividend paid ($000)                                                                      6,250   23,443     56,264    28,134          78,144
Total expenses                                          330,071       306,894      290,417      274,136      234,354
                                                                                                                         Dividends declared per share
Net profit before finance costs                          18,304        55,572      124,203       80,020      212,417     – interim (paid 12 September 2019)                                                  2.0 cps       3.0 cps    6.0 cps   3.0 cps         5.0 cps
Net finance costs                                        13,445        13,800       13,747       15,526        2,755     – final                                                                                       -   4.5 cps   12.0 cps   6.0 cps       20.0 cps
Net profit before income tax                                 4,859     41,772      110,456       64,494      209,662     Dividend cover                                                                             0.67     1.26       1.40      1.69            1.93
Income tax                                                    694      12,156       31,926       17,020       58,731
Net profit after income tax                                  4,165     29,616       78,530       47,474      150,931     MANUFACTURING
                                                                                                                         Barrels processed – intake (000s barrels)                                            42,687       40,440     41,724    42,665          42,639

FINANCIAL POSITION                                                                                                       Gross refining margin (USD/barrel)                                                         5.34     6.31       8.02      6.47             9.20

Funds employed                                                                                                           USD exchange rate (NZD)                                                                    0.66     0.69       0.71      0.70             0.70

Contributed equity                                      265,771       265,771      265,771      265,771      265,771     Pipeline throughput (000s barrels)                                                   20,828       21,015     19,828    20,147          18,449

Retained profits                                        493,940       504,562      533,369      494,358      523,125     *Dividend information is stated in the year to which it relates, rather than when paid.

Other                                                    (2,967)          (697)      (6,365)      (7,926)      (6,701)
Total equity                                            756,744       769,636      792,775      752,203      782,195     Glossary
Borrowings – non-current                                246,616       208,601      170,000      150,000      175,000     TRC (Total Recordable Case)
                                                                                                                         The number of lost time incidents, restricted work cases, medical treatment cases and fatalities.
Other non-current liabilities                           194,571       198,109      174,658      163,025      147,880
                                                                                                                         TRCFR (Total Recordable Case Frequency Rate)
Total funds employed                                  1,197,931      1,176,346    1,137,433    1,065,228    1,105,075    The number of lost time incidents, restricted work cases, medical treatment cases and fatalities per two hundred thousand manhours
Funds utilised                                                                                                           actually worked.
                                                                                                                         LTIFR (Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate)
Non-current assets                                    1,217,081      1,226,218    1,155,053    1,143,037    1,153,142
                                                                                                                         The sum of work related injury cases per two hundred thousand hours worked, where the injured person is deemed medically unfit for
Working capital                                         (19,150)       (49,872)     (17,620)     (77,809)    (48,067)    any work as a result of the injury.
TOTAL FUNDS UTILISED                                  1,197,931      1,176,346    1,137,433    1,065,228    1,105,075    Tier 1 Process Safety Event
                                                                                                                         An unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material, including non-toxic and non-flammable, from a process which results in one or more
                                                                                                                         of the following: a Lost Time Injury (LTI) and/or fatality; a fire or explosion resulting in greater than or equal to $25,000 of direct cost to
                                                              2019        2018         2017         2016         2015    the company; a release of material greater than the threshold quantities given in Table 1 of API 754 in any one-hour period; an officially
                                                                                                                         declared community evacuation or community shelter-in-place.
ANALYTICAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                         Tier 2 Process Safety Event
Number of shareholders                                       4,349      4,705        4,908        5,156        4,511     An unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material, including non-toxic and non-flammable, from a process which results in one or
Earnings per share ($)                                       0.013      0.095        0.251        0.151        0.482     more of the following: a recordable injury; a fire or explosion resulting in greater than or equal to $2,500 of direct cost to the company;
                                                                                                                         a release of material greater than the threshold.
Effective tax rate (%)                                         14          29           29           26           28
                                                                                                                         Turnaround
Net asset backing per share ($)                               2.36        2.42         2.54         2.43         2.53    A scheduled outage of one or more process units, planned well in advance and typically occurring in cycles of 2 years or more, for the
                                                                                                                         purpose of significant mechanical inspection and repair.
Working capital ratio                                          0.9         0.8          0.9          0.7          0.8
                                                                                                                         FCF (Free Cash Flow)
                                                                                                                         Calculated as net cash flow operating activities minus payments for property, plant and equipment with each of these items determined
                                                                                                                         in accordance with GAAP.
                                                                                                                         Net Borrowings
                                                                                                                         Calculated as bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents.
                                                                                                                         EBITDA (Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation)
                                                                                                                         Net profit before finance costs plus depreciation and disposal costs with each of those items determined in accordance with GAAP.
120     REFINING NZ CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2019                                                                                                                                                                          121




GRI Index                                                                                                                            GRI Index



GENERAL DISCLOSURES                                                                                                                  GENERAL DISCLOSURES (continued)
DISCLOSURE TITLE                                        GRI        PAGE(S) OR REFERENCE                                              DISCLOSURE TITLE                                      GRI        PAGE(S) OR REFERENCE

Name of the organisation                                102 - 1    65                                                                Date of most recent report                            102 - 51   2
Activities, brands, products and services               102 - 2    14, 15, 65                                                        Reporting cycle                                       102 - 52   2
Location of headquarters                                102 - 3    65                                                                Contact point for questions regarding the report      102 - 53   greg.mcneill@refiningnz.com
Location of operations                                  102 - 4    65                                                                Claims of reporting in accordance with the            102 - 54   29
Ownership and legal form                                102 - 5    54, 55                                                            GRI standards

Markets served                                          102 - 6    14, 15                                                            GRI content index                                     102 - 55   120

Scale of the organisation                               102 - 7    14, 15, 50, 51                                                    External assurance                                    102 - 56   None

Information on employees and other workers              102 - 8    50, 51                                                            OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH & SAFETY
Supply chain                                            102 - 9    14                                                                Disclosure on management approach                     103        30
Significant changes to the organisation and             102 - 10   14                                                                Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational     403-2      30, 31
its supply chain                                                                                                                     diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of
                                                                                                                                     work-related fatalities
Precautionary principle approach                        102 - 11   26, 27
External initiatives                                    102 - 12   https://www.refiningnz.com/environment/environmental-footprint/
                                                                                                                                     EMISSIONS
                                                                                                                                     Disclosure on management approach                     103        33
Membership of associations                              102 - 13   Business and Parliament Trust
                                                                   Business NZ                                                       GHG emissions intensity                               305-4      34
                                                                   Hugo Group                                                        Sulphur dioxide emissions                             305-7      34
                                                                   Institute of Directors
                                                                   HERA (Heavy Industry Research Association)                        ENERGY
                                                                   MEUG (Major Electricity Users Group)                              Disclosure on management approach                     103        33
                                                                   Northland Chamber of Commerce
                                                                   Petroleum Skills Association                                      Energy consumption within the organisation            302-1      34
                                                                   Business Leaders Health and Safety Forum                          EMPLOYMENT
                                                                   The New Zealand Initiative
                                                                                                                                     Disclosure on management approach                     103        50, 51
Statements from senior decision-maker                   102 - 14   16-20
                                                                                                                                     New employee hires and employee turnover              401-1      51
Values, principles, standards, and norms of behaviour   102 - 16   39
Governance and structure                                102 - 18   44-45
                                                                                                                                     DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
                                                                                                                                     Disclosure on management approach                     103        50, 51
List of stakeholder groups                              102 - 40   28
                                                                                                                                     Diversity of governance bodies and employees          405-1      50, 51
Collective bargaining agreements                        102 - 41   Not reported
Identifying and selecting stakeholders                  102 - 42   28
Approach to stakeholder engagement                      102 - 43   28
Key topics and concerns raised                          102 - 44   29
Entities included in the consolidated financial         102 - 45   65
statements
Defining content and topic boundaries                   102 - 46   28-29
List of material topics                                 102 - 47   29
Restatements of information                             102 - 48   None
Changes in reporting                                    102 - 49   None
Reporting period                                        102 - 50   January 1 – December 31, 2019
122    REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019                                                                        123




Corporate Directory                            Financial Calendar                                    Notes



Registered Office                              Annual Shareholders’ Virtual Meeting to be held on:
Marsden Point                                  Wednesday, 29 April 2020 at 2:00pm
Ruakaka
                                               Proxies lodged
Mailing Address                                By 2:00pm on 27 April 2020
Private Bag 9024
Whangarei 0148                                 2019 results announced
Telephone: +64 9 432 5100                      Half year – 27 August 2020
                                               Annual – February 2021
Website
www.refiningnz.com                             Managing your shareholding online
                                               To change your address, update your payment
Share Register                                 instructions and to view your registered details
Computershare Investor Services Limited        including transactions, please visit:
Private Bag 92119                              www.computershare.co.nz/investorcentre.
Auckland 1142                                  Please assist our registrar by quoting your
Telephone: + 64 9 488 8777                     CSN or shareholder number.
enquiry@computershare.co.nz

Bankers
ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited
Bank of New Zealand
MUFG Bank, Limited
Bank of China (New Zealand) Limited

Legal Advisers
Minter Ellison Rudd Watts
Chancery Green

Auditor
Ernst & Young

Chairman
S C Allen (Independent Director)

Managing Director
Paul Zealand (1 February 2020 to April 2020)

Independent Directors
J B Miller
V C M Stoddart
M Tume (resigned 21 February 2019)
P A Zealand (to 31 January 2020)

Non-Independent Directors
D C Boffa
R Cavallo
N L Jones

Chief Executive Officer
N M James (from April 2020)

Company Secretary
D M Jensen
124   REFINING NZ ANNUAL REPORT 2019




Notes
REFININGNZ.COM
