

20-F

1

d667030d20f.htm

20-F


20-F


UNITED STATES


SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM
20-F


(Mark One)


☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR


☑   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For the fiscal year ended
December
 31, 2018


OR


☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For the transition
period
 from


 to


OR


☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


Date of event requiring this shell company report


Commission file number   Barclays PLC   1-09246

BARCLAYS PLC


(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)


ENGLAND

(Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)


1 CHURCHILL PLACE, LONDON E14 5HP, ENGLAND


(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

GARTH
WRIGHT, +44 (0)20 7116 3170, GARTH.WRIGHT@BARCLAYS.COM

1 CHURCHILL PLACE, LONDON E14 5HP, ENGLAND


(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)


Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange On
Which Registered
25p ordinary shares   New York Stock Exchange*


Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange On
Which Registered
American Depositary Shares, each representing four 25p ordinary shares   New York Stock Exchange
4.338% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2024   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2024   New York Stock Exchange
4.972% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2029   New York Stock Exchange
4.61% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
4.375 % Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2024   New York Stock Exchange
2.75% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2019   New York Stock Exchange
3.65% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2025   New York Stock Exchange
2.875% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2020   New York Stock Exchange
5.25% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2045   New York Stock Exchange
3.25% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
4.375% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2026   New York Stock Exchange
5.20% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2026   New York Stock Exchange
3.20% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
3.684% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
4.337% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2028   New York Stock Exchange
4.950% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2047   New York Stock Exchange
4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes due 2028   New York Stock Exchange
3.250% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2033   New York Stock Exchange


*   Not for trading, but in connection with the registration of American Depository Shares, pursuant to the
requirements to the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None


Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuers’ classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.


25p ordinary shares   17,132,806,284

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


Yes
☐
    No
☑


If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act 1934.

Yes
☐
    No
☑


Note – Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes

☑
    No
☐


Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T
 (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes

☑
    No
☐


Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated
 filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated
filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule
12b-2
 of the Exchange Act:


Large Accelerated Filer ☑   Accelerated Filer ☐   Non-Accelerated Filer ☐   Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

☐


†
 The term “new or revised financial accounting
standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

*Indicate
by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP
☐


International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
☑


Other
☐


*If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial
statement item the registrant has elected to follow:

Item 17
☐


Item 18
☐


If this is an
annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2
 of the Exchange Act).


Yes
☐
    No
☑


(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes

☐
    No
☐


SEC Form
20-F
 Cross reference information


Form 20-F item number   Page and caption references in this document*
1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not applicable
2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not applicable
3   Key Information
A.   Selected financial data   180, 182, 205-211, 232 (Notes 10 and 11), 310
B.   Capitalization and indebtedness   Not applicable
C.   Reason for the offer and use of proceeds   Not applicable
D.   Risk factors   85-90
4   Information on the Company
A.   History and development of the company   1, 8-11, 222 (Note 6), 240 (Note 15), 290 (Note 36), 295-296 (Note 41), 305-309
B.   Business overview   iii (Market and other data), 169-176, 184-193, 218-219 (Note 2), 265-273 (Note 27)
C.   Organizational structure   8, 286-287 (Note 34), 332-335
D.   Property, plants and equipment   258 (Note 20), 259-260 (Note 21), 262 (Note 23)
4A   Unresolved staff comments   Not applicable
5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
A.   Operating results   85-89, 129, 156, 169-176, 178-194, 234-239 (Note 14), 265-273 (Note 27), 404-405
B.   Liquidity and capital resources   120-121, 135, 137-145, 147-150, 211, 213, 234-239 (Note 14), 265 (Note 26), 273-275 (Note 28), 276-277 (Note 29), 290 (Note 36), 291-292 (Note 37), 400-406, 419-422
C.   Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.   44
D.   Trend information   –
E.   Off-balance sheet arrangements   78, 265 (Note 26), 287-290 (Note 35), 291-292 (Note 37)
F.   Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations   422
G.   Safe harbor   ii (Forward-looking statements)
6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees
A.   Directors and senior management   5-7, 322-326
B.   Compensation   43, 53-80, 279-280 (Note 32), 293-294 (Note 39), 442
C.   Board practices   5-7, 12-14, 65, 84, 362-363
D.   Employees   52, 184, 187, 191-193, 218-219 (Note 2)
E.   Share ownership   279-280 (Note 32), 293-294 (Note 39), 329-331
7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
A.   Major shareholders   45, 321
B. C.   Related party transactions Interests of experts and counsel   293-294 (Note 39), 360, 442 Not applicable
8   Financial Information
A.   Consolidated statements and other financial information   180, 182, 203-213, 214-304, 232 (Note 11), 265-273 (Note 27), 276-277 (Note 29), 307-308, 310
B.   Significant changes   Not applicable
9   The Offer and Listing
A.   Offer and listing details   310, 320
B.   Plan of distribution   Not applicable
C.   Markets   310, 320
D.   Selling shareholders   Not applicable
E.   Dilution   Not applicable
F.   Expenses of the issue   Not applicable
10   Additional Information
A.   Share capital   Not applicable
B.   Memorandum and Articles of Association   305-309
C.   Material contracts   63-65


Form 20-F item number   Page and caption references in this document*
D.   Exchange controls   316
E.   Taxation   312-316
F.   Dividends and paying assets   Not applicable
G.   Statement by experts   Not applicable
H.   Documents on display   316
I.   Subsidiary information   286-287 (Note 34), 332-335
11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk   93, 131-134, 155-157, 159-161, 388-395
12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
A.   Debt Securities   Not applicable
B.   Warrants and Rights   Not applicable
C.   Other Securities   Not applicable
D.   American Depositary Shares   310-311, 317-318
13   Defaults, Dividends Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not applicable
14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not applicable
15   Controls and Procedures
A.   Disclosure controls and procedures   322
B.   Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting   41
C.   Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm   203
D.   Changes in internal control over financial reporting   41
16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   13
16B   Code of Ethics   320
16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   20-21, 295 (Note 40), 319
16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not applicable
16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   46
16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not applicable
16G   Corporate Governance   320
17   Financial Statements   Not applicable (See Item 8)
18   Financial Statements   Not applicable (See Item 8)
19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index


*   Captions have been included only in respect of pages with multiple sections on the same page in
order to identify the relevant caption on that page covered by the corresponding Form 20-F item number.


Creating opportunities to rise
BARCLAYS

Barclays PLC
2018 Annual Report on Form

20-F


Notes

The terms Barclays or
Barclays Group refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise stated, the income statement analysis compares the year ended 31 December 2018 to the corresponding twelve months of 2017 and balance sheet analysis as at
31 December 2018 with comparatives relating to 31 December 2017. The abbreviations ‘£m’ and ‘£bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Pounds Sterling respectively; the abbreviations
‘$m’ and ‘$bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of US Dollars respectively; the abbreviations ‘
€
m’ and
‘
€
bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Euros respectively.

There are a number of key
judgement areas, for example impairment calculations, which are based on models and which are subject to ongoing adjustment and modifications. Reported numbers reflect best estimates and judgements at the given point in time.


Relevant terms that are used in this document but are not defined under applicable regulatory guidance or International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are explained
in the results glossary that can be accessed at home.barclays/results.

The information in this announcement, which was approved by the Board of Directors on 20
February 2019, does not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. Statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 2018, which contain an unqualified audit report under Section 495 of
the Companies Act 2006 (which does not make any statements under Section 498 of the Companies Act 2006) will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies in accordance with Section 441 of the Companies Act 2006.


Barclays is a frequent issuer in the debt capital markets and regularly meets with investors via formal road-shows and other ad hoc meetings. Consistent with its usual
practice, Barclays expects that from time to time over the coming quarter it will meet with investors globally to discuss these results and other matters relating to the Barclays Group.


Non-IFRS
 performance measures


Barclays’ management believes that the
non-IFRS
 performance measures included in this document provide valuable information
to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which
the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Barclays Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by
Barclays’ management. However, any
non-IFRS
 performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to pages 195 to 200
for further information and calculations of
non-IFRS
 performance measures included throughout this document, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures.


Key
non-IFRS
 measures included in this document, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures, are:


– Attributable profit excluding litigation and conduct represents attributable profit excluding litigation and conduct charges. The comparable IFRS measure is
attributable profit. A reconciliation is provided on pages 197-199;

– Average allocated equity represents the average shareholders’ equity that is
allocated to the businesses. The comparable IFRS measure is average equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 200;

– Average allocated tangible equity is
calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible equity for the period is the average of the monthly
averages within that period. Period end allocated tangible equity is calculated as 13.0% (2017: 12.0%) of risk weighted assets for each business, adjusted for capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions
the Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the Barclays Group’s tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses. The comparable IFRS measure
is average equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 196;

– Average tangible shareholders’ equity is calculated as the average of the previous
month’s period end tangible equity and the current month’s period end tangible equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period. The comparable IFRS measure is
average equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 199;

– Basic earnings per share excluding litigation and conduct is calculated by dividing statutory
profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders excluding litigation and conduct charges, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, by the basic weighted average number of shares. The
comparable IFRS measure is basic earnings per share. A reconciliation is provided on pages 197-199;


– Cost: income ratio excluding litigation and conduct represents operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct
charges, divided by total income. The comparable IFRS measure is cost: income ratio. A reconciliation is provided on pages 197-199
;


– Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct represents operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct charges. The comparable IFRS measure is
operating expenses. A reconciliation is provided on pages 197-199;

– Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct, and a GMP charge of £140m
represents operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct charges, and a GMP charge of £140m. The comparable IFRS measure is operating expenses. A reconciliation is provided on page 180;


– Profit before tax excluding litigation and conduct represents profit before tax excluding litigation and conduct charges. The comparable IFRS measure is profit
before tax. A reconciliation is provided on page 197-199
;

– Return on average allocated equity represents the return on
shareholders’ equity that is allocated to the businesses. The comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 200;

–
Return on average allocated tangible equity is calculated as the annualised profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a
proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 196;

– Return on average
allocated tangible equity excluding litigation and conduct is calculated as the annualised profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent excluding litigation and conduct charges, including an adjustment for the tax credit in
reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 196;


– Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity is calculated as the annualised profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity
instruments adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill. The comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 197-199; and


– Tangible net asset value per share is calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding
non-controlling

interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 199.


Forward-looking statements

This document contains certain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Barclays Group. Barclays cautions readers that no
forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’,
‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’, ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Examples
of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Barclays Group’s future financial position, income growth, assets, impairment charges, provisions, business strategy, capital, leverage and
other regulatory ratios, payment of dividends (including dividend payout ratios and expected payment strategies), projected levels of growth in the banking and financial markets, projected costs or savings, any commitments and targets, estimates of
capital expenditures, plans and objectives for future operations, projected employee numbers, IFRS 9 impacts and other statements that are not historical fact. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they
relate to future events and circumstances. These may be affected by changes in legislation, the development of standards and interpretations under International Financial Reporting Standards including the continuing impact of IFRS 9 implementation,
evolving practices with regard to the interpretation and application of accounting and regulatory standards, the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, future levels of conduct provisions, the policies and
actions of governmental and regulatory authorities, geopolitical risks and the impact of competition. In addition, factors including (but not limited to) the following may have an effect: capital, leverage and other regulatory rules applicable to
past, current and future periods; UK, US, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions; the effects of any volatility in credit markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; effects of
changes in valuation of credit market exposures; changes in valuation of issued securities; volatility in capital markets; changes in credit ratings of any entities within the Barclays Group or any securities issued by such entities; the potential
for one or more countries exiting the Eurozone; instability as a result of the exit by the United Kingdom from the European Union and the disruption that may subsequently result in the UK and globally; and the success of future acquisitions,
disposals and other strategic transactions. A number of these influences and factors are beyond the Barclays Group’s control. As a result, the Barclays Group’s actual future results, dividend payments, and capital and leverage ratios may
differ materially from the plans, goals, expectations and guidance set forth in the Barclays Group’s forward-looking statements.


Subject to our obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of the United Kingdom and the United States in relation
to disclosure and ongoing information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


Market and other data

This document contains information, including
statistical data, about certain Barclays markets and its competitive position. Except as otherwise indicated, this information is taken or derived from Datastream and other external sources. Barclays cannot guarantee the accuracy of information
taken from external sources, or that, in respect of internal estimates, a third party using different methods would obtain the same estimates as Barclays.

Uses
of Internet addresses

This document contains inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made
for information purposes only, and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.

References to Pillar 3 Report


This document contains references throughout to the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report. Reference to the aforementioned report is made for information purposes only, and
information found in said report is not incorporated by reference into this document.


Governance


This section sets out our corporate governance processes and the role they play in supporting the delivery of our strategy,
including reports from the Chairman and each of the Board Committee Chairs.


Directors’ report   Page
How we comply with The UK Corporate Governance Code 2016   2
Chairman’s introduction   3
Who we are   ◾ Board of
Directors   5
◾ Group Executive Committee   7
What we did in
2018   ◾ Board
report   8
◾ Board Audit
Committee report   12
◾ Board
Nominations Committee report   22
◾ Board
Reputation Committee report   27
◾ Board Risk Committee report   31
How we comply   37
Other statutory information   43
People   47
Remuneration report   53


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 1


Governance:
Directors’ report

How we comply with


The UK Corporate Governance Code 2016


The UK Corporate Governance Code 2016 (The Code) The Code is not a rigid set of rules. It consists of
principles (main and supporting) and provisions. The Listing Rules require companies to apply the main principles and report to shareholders on how they have done so. You can find our disclosures as follows:


Leadership   Page
Every company should be headed by an effective board which is collectively responsible for
the long-term success of the company.
◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Composition of the Board   4
There should be a clear division of responsibilities at the head of the company between the
running of the board and the executive responsibility for the running of the company’s business. No one individual should have unfettered powers of decision.
◾ Roles on the Board   37
The chairman is responsible for leadership of the board and ensuring its effectiveness on all
aspects of its role.
◾ Roles on the Board   37
As part of their role as members of a unitary board, non-executive directors should constructively challenge and help develop proposals on strategy.
◾ Roles on the Board   37
Effectiveness   Page
The board and its committees should have the appropriate balance of skills, experience,
independence and knowledge of the company to enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectively.
◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Board Diversity   4
There should be a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of new
directors to the board.
◾ Appointment and re-election of Directors   43
All directors should be able to allocate sufficient time to the company to discharge their
responsibilities effectively.
◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Attendance   38
◾ Time commitment   39
All directors should receive induction on joining the board and should regularly update and refresh their skills and knowledge.
◾ Induction   39
◾ Training and Development   39


The board should be supplied in a timely manner with information in a form and of a quality
appropriate to enable it to discharge its duties.
◾ Information provided to the Board   40
The board should undertake a formal and rigorous annual evaluation of its own performance and
that of its committees and individual directors.
◾ Review of Board and Board Committee Effectiveness   40
All directors should be submitted for re-election at
regular intervals, subject to continued satisfactory performance.
◾ Composition of the
Board   4
◾ Appointment
and re-election of Directors   43
Accountability   Page
The board should present a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the company’s
position and prospects.
◾ Risk management   83
The board is responsible for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks it is
willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. The board should maintain sound risk management and internal control systems.
◾ Risk management and internal control   40
The board should establish formal and transparent arrangements for considering how they
should apply the corporate reporting, risk management and internal control principles and for maintaining an appropriate relationship with the company’s auditors.
◾ Board Audit Committee report   12
◾ Accountability   40


Remuneration   Page
Executive directors’ remuneration should be designed to promote the long-term success of
the company. Performance-related elements should be transparent, stretching and rigorously applied.
◾ Remuneration report   53
There should be a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive
remuneration and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors. No director should be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.
◾ Remuneration report   53
Relations with shareholders   Page
There should be a dialogue with shareholders based on the mutual understanding of objectives.
The board as a whole has responsibility for ensuring that a satisfactory dialogue with shareholders takes place.
◾ Shareholder engagement   41
The board should use general meetings to communicate with investors and to encourage their
participation.
◾ Shareholder
engagement   41


2 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Chairman’s introduction


The Board believes that its role is to create and preserve value, not just for shareholders but for all stakeholders and society more widely.


Dear Fellow Shareholders


Our aim is to ensure that our governance is fit for purpose, and in line with best practice among FTSE100 companies. I remain firmly of the view
that the role of the Board is to create long-term sustainable value for the benefit of our shareholders and our wider stakeholders. To achieve this, it is vital that Barclays has a robust corporate governance framework, which provides systems of
checks and controls to ensure accountability and promotes sound decision-making. It is critical that we have policies and practices in place which ensure that each of the Board and the Board Committees, and the wider Barclays Group, operates
effectively, a factor that was at the forefront of our thinking when undertaking structural reform. A key element of structural reform was a review of the governance processes across the Barclays Group in order to ensure the effective operation of
each of the individual boards and their respective committees, recognising that this is vital to the development and execution of the Barclays Group’s strategy.


Establishment of our ring-fenced bank, and completion of structural reform


Following the financial crisis, the UK government developed legislation to require UK banks to separate their retail banking activities from other
activities within their groups. The ring-fencing requirements, which came into effect on 1 January 2019, are intended to strengthen the UK financial system by simplifying banking groups and thus reducing the likelihood that customers and
clients – and the
day-to-day
 services that they rely upon – will be put at risk by a failure in another part of the business or shocks originating in global
financial markets.

Barclays was the first UK bank to be granted approval for its ring-fencing scheme, and the establishment of our
ring-fenced bank was a significant event in our history. Barclays PLC remains the parent company of the Barclays Group. The Barclays Group is organised into two clearly defined business divisions – Barclays UK and Barclays International. These
are housed in two banking subsidiaries – Barclays UK sits within Barclays Bank UK PLC, and Barclays International sits within Barclays Bank PLC – which operate alongside Barclays Services Limited but, in accordance with the requirements of
ring-fencing legislation,


independently from one another. Barclays Services Limited drives efficiencies in delivering operational and technology services across the Barclays Group. Each of these subsidiaries has its own
separately constituted board, comprising of both executive and
non-executive
 directors, with distinct responsibilities, which reflects the different natures of the respective companies. Barclays Bank UK PLC
and Barclays Bank PLC also have their own board committees.

Central to this new corporate structure is a new corporate governance
framework. In the course of preparing for structural reform it quickly became apparent that, in order for the Board and the Barclays Group to generate long-term sustainable value for shareholders, we required a governance framework that would
provide the strong foundation needed for the effective management of the restructured Barclays Group. The new governance framework is therefore based on a number of core principles. It makes clear that, although the Barclays PLC Board is the
ultimate decision-making body for all board-level issues and matters that are significant to Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, the subsidiary boards cannot be required to do or not do anything that conflicts with their legal
and regulatory duties and/or responsibilities. Internal governance processes have also been developed to ensure the effective operation of the individual boards and board committees in recognition of the fact that this is key to the development and
execution of the Barclays Group’s strategy. In particular, there are provisions dealing with the escalation and resolution of any issues that might arise. Whilst the interaction of the boards and board committees will inevitably evolve over
time, it is recognised that the oversight, scrutiny and specialist input offered by the subsidiaries can and should contribute to promoting the success of Barclays for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole.


Governance reforms

In
developing the new governance framework, the opportunity was taken to review our existing governance arrangements against the requirements of The UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 (The New Code) and The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)
Regulations 2018 (The Regulations). The New


Code and The Regulations, both of which were published in 2018, represent a major milestone in the UK government’s suite of corporate governance reforms which aim to build trust in business.
They emphasise, in particular, the importance of board composition, culture, and the need for boards to understand the views of their key stakeholders and to report annually on how their interests have been considered in board discussions and
decision-making. Barclays PLC will report against the requirements of The New Code and The Regulations in its annual report for the year ending 31 December 2019.


Board composition

A number
of changes were made to the boards of Barclays PLC and the subsidiaries in 2018 to reflect the post-ring-fencing structure. These included the appointment of Sir Gerry Grimstone, who was Deputy Chairman and Senior Independent Director of Barclays
PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, as Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC and the appointment of Sir Ian Cheshire as Chairman of Barclays Bank UK PLC. Both Sir Gerry and Sir Ian are
non-executive
 Directors of Barclays PLC.


Crawford Gillies succeeded Sir Gerry Grimstone as Senior Independent Director of Barclays PLC in April 2018. In that role, Crawford led
the process to appoint Nigel Higgins as my successor. You can read more about the recruitment and appointment of our new Chairman in the ‘Governance in action’ section of the Nominations Committee report on page 26.


In July 2018, Mary Anne Citrino joined Barclays PLC as a
non-executive
 Director. Mary Anne’s experience
of the financial services sector brings additional knowledge and perspective to the Board, and her appointment reflects the ongoing work of the Nominations Committee to ensure that we have the right mix of individuals on the Board. You can read more
about the work of the Nominations Committee on pages 22 to 26.

Mary Anne’s appointment also brings female representation on the
Board to 27%, which is a positive step towards achieving our diversity target of having 33% female representation on the Board by 2020, to which we remain committed.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 3


Governance: Directors’ report


Chairman’s introduction


Purpose, Values and Culture


As an organisation, we have evolved on nearly every level, in shape, size and ambition and, as we look to the future, we need to consider how we
reflect the Barclays Group as it is today, and how we want it to be seen tomorrow. Our code of conduct,
The Barclays Way,
 provides a clear path towards achieving a dynamic and positive culture within the Barclays Group by outlining our common
purpose – Creating Opportunities to Rise – and values, which govern our way of working.

The Board receives regular reports on
the alignment of Barclays’ culture with its purpose, values and strategy as well as qualitative and quantitative feedback on matters of interest to colleagues through the
Culture Dashboard,
 which measures and tracks our progress in
embedding the desired culture, and the results of the
Your View
 employee opinion surveys.

Personal accountability is central to
our culture and how we behave is instrumental in our achieving the highest standards of performance, adding value to our customers and clients, and meeting our regulatory obligations. The Board believes that its role is to create and preserve value,
not just for shareholders but for all stakeholders and society more widely. The impact of our behaviour and business on customers and clients, colleagues, wider society and the environment is monitored by the Board with support from the Reputation
Committee, which tracks key indicators across the areas of culture, citizenship, conduct, and customer and client satisfaction on an ongoing basis. You can read more about the work of the Reputation Committee on pages 27 to 30.


Stakeholder engagement

We
recognise the importance of listening to, and understanding the views of, our stakeholders – including colleagues – such that this information can be used to inform the Board’s decision-making. The Directors look to engage with
stakeholders of the Barclays Group throughout the year, and are kept informed of shareholder views through regular updates, with insights provided by the Head of Investor Relations and our brokers. Crawford Gillies, our Senior Independent Director,
is also available to meet with investors and other stakeholders.

A new regime for 2019


The New Code and The Regulations came into effect on 1 January 2019, and apply to reporting on financial years beginning on or after that date.
We will, therefore, report against their requirements in Barclays PLC’s next annual report. However, for a description of how we comply with The UK Corporate Governance Code 2016 (The Code) – and the enhancements that will be made to our
governance practices to reflect the requirements of The New Code and The Regulations – please refer to the ‘Governance reporting for 2019’ section on page 42.


Board effectiveness


An effective board is key to the establishment and delivery of a company’s strategy and we therefore continually seek to improve the
effectiveness of your Board. One of the ways in which we have done this in 2018 is through a Board effectiveness review facilitated by Independent Board Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy. We have, in recent years,
commissioned annually an external assessment of the effectiveness of the Board, the Board Committees and the Directors, notwithstanding that the requirement is to do so only every three years. More information on the 2018 effectiveness review, and
our progress against the findings of the 2017 effectiveness review, can be found on page 40. We are also pleased to report that, although not required by The Code, the boards of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC have also elected to engage
Independent Board Evaluation in order to review and enhance their effectiveness and ensure that they are operating optimally. We look forward to the unique perspective those reviews will provide as to the interaction of the boards and board
committees of these companies, and the fitness for purpose of our new governance framework.

Looking ahead


The key areas of focus for 2019 will be embedding the new corporate governance framework, and enhancing our governance practices such that we can
ensure our compliance with The New Code and The Regulations. 2019 will also be a year for us to learn from the practical application of this governance framework and the related processes in order to ensure that we have a clear frame of reference in
relation to decision making, oversight and escalation, and the delivery of functional support that works for your Barclays Group and promotes the long-term sustainable success of the Barclays Group.


John McFarlane

Chairman


20 February 2019


Board composition


Balance of
non-executive
 Directors :


executive Directors


Chairman


1 0-3 years   5
2 3-6 years   7
3 6-9 years   3


Industry experience


(Chairman and
non-executive
 Directors)*


1 Financial Services   13 (100%)
2 Political/regulatory experience   12 (92%)
3 Current/recent Chair/CEO   5 (38%)
4 Accountancy/auditing   2 (15%)
5 Operations and Technology   2 (15%)
6 Retail/marketing   1 (8%)


International experience
†


(Chairman and
non-executive
 Directors)*


1 International (UK)   10 (77%)
2 International (US)   3 (23%)
3 International (Rest of the World)   3 (23%)


Notes


*   Individual Directors may fall into one or more categories.


†   In relation to board experience based on the location of the headquarters/registered office of a
company.


4 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Board of Directors


Board of Directors a
Barclays understands the importance of having a board with the right balance of skills, experience
and diversity, and the composition of the Board is regularly reviewed by the Board Nominations Committee. The skills and experience of the current Directors and the value they bring to the Barclays Board are highlighted below.


John McFarlane Chairman Appointed: 1 January 2015

Relevant skills and experience


John is the Chair of Barclays PLC. He is a senior figure in global banking and financial services circles having spent 43 years in the sector,
including time at Aviva, The Royal Bank of Scotland, Standard Chartered and CitiBank UK.

John was recently awarded the Freedom of the
City of London by Special Nomination for his outstanding achievements in the field of banking.

John brings considerable leadership,
Group oversight and banking experience to the Board and his roles outside Barclays are supportive of this.

Key current appointments


Chairman, TheCityUK; Member, Financial Services Trade and Investment Board; Director, Old Oak Holdings Limited; Supervisory Board
Member,

Unibail-Rodamco Westfield S.E.; Cranfield School of Management Advisory Board; Member, Institut


International d’Etudes Bancaires; Member, President’s Committee Confederation of British Industry


Committees

Nominations
(Chair)


Jes Staley Group Chief Executive Appointed: 1 December 2015

Relevant skills and experience


Jes has nearly four decades of extensive experience in banking and financial services. He brings a wealth of investment banking knowledge to the
Board as well as strong executive leadership.

He previously worked for more than 30 years at JP Morgan where he initially trained as a
commercial banker, later advancing to the leadership of major businesses involving equities, private banking and asset management and ultimately heading the company’s Global Investment Bank.


Key current appointments


Board member, Bank Policy Institute; Board member, Institute of International Finance


Committees

None


Tushar Morzaria Group Finance Director Appointed: 15 October 2013

Relevant skills and experience


Tushar is a chartered accountant with over 25 years of strategic financial management, investment banking, operational and regulatory relations
experience.

He joined Barclays from JP Morgan, where he held various senior roles including the CFO of its Corporate &
Investment Bank at the time of the merger of the investment bank and the wholesale treasury/security services business.

Key current
appointments

Member; 100 Group Main Committee; Chair; Sterling Risk Free Reference Rates Working Group


Committees

None


Crawford Gillies Senior Independent Director Appointed: 1 May 2014

Relevant skills and experience


Crawford has extensive business and management experience at executive and board level spanning over 30 years.


Beneficial to the Board and key to understanding stakeholder needs, is his experience in international and cross sector organisations, strong
leadership and strategic decision-making. Gained from his former remuneration committee chairmanships at Standard Life plc and MITIE Group PLC and other current positions, Crawford brings to the Board robust remuneration experience.


Key current appointments

Non-executive
 director, SSE plc; Chairman, Edrington Group

Committees


Audit, Nominations, Remuneration (Chair)


a   Full Director biographies can be found on pages 322 to 325.


Mike Ashley Non-executive Appointed: 18 September 2013

Relevant skills and experience


Mike has deep knowledge of accounting, auditing and associated regulatory issues, having previously worked at KPMG for over 20 years.


Mike’s former roles as the lead engagement partner on the audits of large financial services groups including HSBC, Standard Chartered and the
Bank of England, as Head of Quality and Risk Management for KPMG Europe LLP and as KPMG UK’s Ethics Partner enable the Board to benefit from Mike’s expertise in management of professional risks, quality control and understanding of ethical
issues. His current Board and Committee positions outside of Barclays also support this.

Key current appointments


Member, Cabinet Office Board; Member, International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants; Member, ICAEW Ethics Standards Committee; Member,
Charity Commission

Committees

Audit (Chair), Nominations, Risk, Reputation


Tim Breedon CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 November 2012

Relevant skills and experience


Tim has extensive financial services experience, knowledge of risk management and UK and EU regulation, as well as an understanding of key investor
issues and customer focus.

He had a distinguished career with Legal & General, where, among other roles, he was the group CEO
until June 2012 and this experience enables Tim to provide challenge, advice and support to management on performance and decision-making.

Key current appointments

Chairman, Apax Global Alpha Limited; Chairman, The Northview Group Limited


Committees

Audit,
Nominations, Remuneration, Risk (Chair)


Sir Ian Cheshire Non-executive Appointed: 3 April 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Sir Ian is a member of the Board and is also Chair of Barclays Bank UK PLC.


He brings to the Board substantial business experience particularly in the international retail sector from his lengthy executive career at the
Kingfisher Group, as well as experience in sustainability and environmental matters. Sir Ian holds strong credentials in leadership, is involved with many charitable organisations, such as The Prince of Wales’s Charitable Foundation and is
highly regarded by the Government for his work with various Government departments.

Key current appointments


Chairman, Maisons du Monde; Chairman, Menhaden plc; Lead
non-executive
 director for the Government; Trustee,
Institute for Government

Committees

Nominations


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 5


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Board of Directors


Mary Anne Citrino Non-executive Appointed: 25 July 2018

Relevant skills and experience


Mary Anne is an experienced
non-executive
 director holding considerable financial services and investment
banking experience, following an executive career spanning over 20 years with Morgan Stanley.

Her current other
non-executive
 positions and senior advisory role with Blackstone, coupled with her previous board and senior management level positions (with Dollar Tree Inc. Health Net, Inc, and Blackstone Advisory Partners)
contribute to the wide ranging global, strategic and advisory experience she can provide to the Board.

Key current appointments


Non-executive
 director, HP Inc.;
Non-executive

director, Ahold Delhaize N.V.;
Non-executive
 director, Alcoa Corporation

Committees


Risk


Mary Francis CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 October 2016

Relevant skills and experience


Mary has extensive and diverse board-level experience across a range of industries, which has developed from her previous
non-executive
 directorships with Alliance & Leicester, Aviva, the Bank of England, Centrica and Swiss Re Group, her former executive positions and current roles.


She brings to the Board strong understanding of the interaction between public and private sectors, skills in strategic decision-making and
reputation management and promotes strong board governance values.

Key current appointments


Non-executive
 director, Ensco PLC; Member of Advisory Panel, The Institute of Business Ethics Member, UK
Takeover Appeal Board

Committees

Remuneration, Reputation (Chair)


Sir Gerry Grimstone Non-executive Appointed: 1 January 2016

Relevant skills and experience


Sir Gerry is a member of the Board and is also Chair of Barclays Bank PLC.


He is highly respected in the banking industry and brings to the Board immense investment banking, financial services and commercial experience both
at
non-executive
 director and chairman level. Sir Gerry has global business experience across the UK, Asia, the Middle East and the US as a result of his former positions at Schroders and Standard Life
Aberdeen plc as well as his other current positions.

Key current appointments


Chairman, The City UK China Market Advisory Group; Lead
non-executive,
 Ministry of Defence; Member,
Financial Services Trade and Investment Board; Public interest
non-executive
 director, Deloitte NWE LLP

Committees

Nominations


Reuben Jeffery III Non-executive Appointed: 16 July 2009

Relevant skills and experience


Reuben has extensive financial services experience, particularly within investment banking and wealth management, through his current positions and
former senior roles with Goldman Sachs, where he led their European Financial Institutions Group.

He is also able to provide the Board
with insight and experience of the US political and regulatory environment, gained from his Government roles in the US, including as chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and as an under Secretary of State.


Key current appointments


Vice Chairman, Rockefeller Capital Management; Director, Financial Services Volunteer Corps; Director, CQS Management Limited; Trustee, The Asia
Foundation

Committees

Nominations, Risk


Matthew Lester Non-executive Appointed: 1 September 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Matthew contributes to the Board strong financial management and regulatory experience, having held a number of senior finance roles across a range
of business sectors, including financial services. Most recently he was chief financial officer of Royal Mail Group.

His financial
expertise attained from past positions and current
non-executive
 roles enables Matthew to analyse effectively complex reporting and risk management processes and appropriately challenge executive management.


Key current appointments

Non-executive
 director, Man Group plc;
Non-executive
 director, Capita plc


Committees

Audit, Risk


Dambisa Moyo Non-executive Appointed: 1 May 2010

Relevant skills and experience


Dambisa is an international economist and commentator on the global economy, with a PhD in economics. She brings to Barclays a background in
financial services and a wide knowledge and understanding of global economic, political and social issues.

Her past
non-executive
 directorships with Barrick Gold Corporation, SABMiller plc and Seagate Technology plc and current positions highlight her strong board level experience of companies with complex global operations.


Key current appointments

Non-executive
 director, Chevron Corporation;
Non-executive
 director, 3M Company; Member of Investment Committee, Oxford University Endowment Fund


Committees


Remuneration, Reputation


Diane Schueneman Non-executive Appointed: 25 June 2015

Relevant skills and experience


Diane is a member of the Board and also Chair of Barclays Services Limited and a member of the Board of Barclays US LLC.


She brings to Barclays a wealth of experience in managing global, cross-discipline business operations, client services and technology in the
financial services industry. Diane had an extensive career at Merrill Lynch, holding a variety of senior roles, including responsibility for banking, brokerage services and technology provided to the company’s retail and middle market clients.


Key current appointments

None

Committees

Audit, Risk


Mike Turner CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 January 2018

Relevant skills and experience


Mike has considerable business and board level experience gained from his lengthy career with BAE Systems PLC where he was CEO as well as his
non-executive
 positions. He has a strong commercial background and experience in strategy and operational performance culture.


He brings significant leadership and strategic oversight experience to the Board, particularly from his current roles and previous chairmanship of
GKN Plc.

Key current appointments

Chairman, Babcock International Group PLC Member, UK Government’s Apprenticeship Ambassadors Network

Committees


Reputation


Company Secretary


Stephen Shapiro Appointed: 1 November 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Stephen was appointed Company Secretary in November 2017 having previously served as the Group Company Secretary and Deputy General Counsel of
SABMiller plc. Prior to this, he practised law as a partner in a law firm in South Africa, and subsequently in the UK. Stephen has extensive experience in corporate governance, legal, regulatory and compliance matters. Stephen serves on the
Executive Committee of the GC100, the association of General Counsel and Company Secretaries working in UK FTSE 100 companies, and has previously served as Chairman of the ICC UK’s Committee on Anti-Corruption.


6 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Group Executive Committee


Group Executive
Committee a
Biographies for Jes Staley, Group Chief Executive, and Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, who are members of the Group
Executive Committee, which is chaired by Jes Staley, can be found on page 5.


Paul Compton Group Chief Operating Officer
Bob Hoyt Group General Counsel
Laura Padovani Group Chief Compliance Officer
Tristram Roberts Group Human Resources Director

Group Executive Committee meetings are also attended on a regular basis by the Chief Internal Auditor, the Company
Secretary, and an
ex-officio
 member drawn from senior management.


Tim Throsby Chief Executive Officer, Barclays International
Ashok Vaswani Chief Executive Officer, Barclays UK
C S Venkatakrishnan Group Chief Risk Officer


a   Group Executive Committee biographies can be found on pages 322 to 325.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 7


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
report


The Barclays Board


The Barclays Group is organised into two clearly defined business divisions – Barclays UK and Barclays International. These are housed in two
banking subsidiaries – Barclays UK sits within Barclays Bank UK PLC, and Barclays International sits within Barclays Bank PLC – which operate alongside Barclays Services Limited but, in accordance with the requirements of ring-fencing
legislation, independently from one another. Barclays Services Limited drives efficiencies in delivering operational and technology services across the Barclays Group. Barclays PLC is the parent company of the Barclays Group.


Each of the three subsidiaries has its own separately constituted board, comprising of both executive and

non-executive
 directors, with distinct commercial, legal and regulatory responsibilities which reflect the different natures of the respective entities. Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC also have
their own board committees.

The Barclays PLC Board (the Board) is responsible for the overall leadership of the Barclays Group,
including establishing its purpose, values and strategy and satisfying itself as to the alignment of Barclays’ culture with its purpose, values and strategy. It is also responsible for ensuring that management maintains a sound system of audit,
risk management, compliance and internal control. A sound system of internal control provides assurance of effective and efficient operations, internal financial controls and compliance with law and regulation. In meeting this responsibility, we
consider what is appropriate for the Barclays Group’s business and reputation, the materiality of financial and other risks and the relevant costs and benefits of implementing controls. See page 40 for further details on those systems of
controls.


In collaboration with the respective boards of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, the Board
has developed a governance framework that seeks to provide the strong foundation needed for the effective management of the
re-structured
 Barclays Group and thus generate long-term sustainable returns for
shareholders.

As stated above, the Board is the ultimate decision-making body for all board-level issues and matters that are
significant to

Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC because of their potential strategic, financial, regulatory or
reputational implications or because of their potential consequences for the Barclays Group as a whole.

As noted in the Chairman’s
introduction, internal governance processes have also been developed to ensure the effective operation of the individual boards and board committees of each of Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC respectively, in recognition of
the fact that this is key to the development and execution of the Barclays Group’s strategy. The
 Schedule of Matters Reserved
 details the key decisions in respect of which the Board has control. The
 Schedule of Matters Reserved
 to
the Board is reviewed regularly to ensure that it remains relevant, and was recently updated to reflect our new corporate structure, evolving corporate governance requirements, and industry best practice. A summary of the matters reserved to the
Board can be found at
home.barclays/ corporategovernance.


The Board Committees


The Board is empowered through its Articles of Association to delegate all or any of its powers, authorities and discretions to any committee or
committees as it thinks fit. The principal Board Committees are the Board Audit Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Board Reputation Committee, the Board Nominations Committee and the Board Remuneration Committee.


The Board Committees are responsible for overseeing matters at the Barclays Group level and their respective authorities extend to all matters
relating to their responsibilities for the Barclays Group, save to the extent that the matters relate solely to either Barclays Bank UK PLC or Barclays Bank PLC, and/or their respective subsidiaries, and fall solely within the remit of the terms of
reference of the respective board committees of either Barclays Bank UK PLC or Barclays Bank PLC in which case the matter shall be dealt with by such committee, within the parameters set by the relevant Board Committee. The Board Committees report
to the Board.

The Board has defined the roles and objectives of each of the Board Committees, and provided specific levels of discretion
within which they can operate. In line with all board committees in the Barclays Group, the Board Committees must act in accordance with the remit of their delegated authorities and their terms of reference. The terms of reference are reviewed
annually, and were recently updated to reflect our new corporate structure, evolving corporate governance requirements, and industry best practice. A copy of each Board Committee’s terms of reference can be found at

home.barclays/corporategovernance.


You can read more about what the Board and each of the Board Committees did during 2018 on the
following pages.


8 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Strategy formulation and monitoring


Debated and provided input to management on
the execution of the overall strategy of the Barclays Group, and reflected on that strategy with longer-term views on what could be done to build on our strengths as a transatlantic consumer and wholesale bank, enhance financial resilience and
deliver consistent and stronger returns through the business cycle. The topics considered by the Board included:


◾   a continued focus on ways to enhance the Barclays Group’s returns


◾   potential growth opportunities for the Barclays Group in delivering sustainable enhanced returns
through the cycle


◾   constraints and risks to strategy execution, including economic assumptions, expected regulatory
requirements on capital and solvency ratios, investor expectations, potential impacts for clients and customers, and the various approaches to the distribution of capital


◾   the allocation of capital


◾   areas of shareholder focus in relation to the overall strategy of the Barclays Group


◾   strategic approach to costs optimisation, including the use of Barclays Execution Services to
deliver shared services to the Barclays Group.


Discussed regular updates from the Group Chief Executive on the progress being made against the 2018 execution priorities and capital targets of the
Barclays Group, received insights on stakeholder, employee and cultural matters (including results from employee opinion surveys), and updates on items of focus for the Barclays Group Executive Committee.


Monitored the progress of the execution and
implementation of the structural reform programme and approved matters in connection therewith including capital reductions.


Assessed and debated the potential implications of the UK’s preparations to leave the EU following the EU Referendum result and received
updates on the preparations of the Barclays Group therefor, including the expansion of our Irish legal entity, Barclays Bank Ireland, as well as updates from the Chair of the Risk Committee.


Received “Deep Dive”
presentations from management on key areas of the Barclays Group’s business and lessons learned from specific events.


Finance (including capital and liquidity)


Debated, assessed and approved the Barclays
Group’s Medium Term Plan for 2018-2020.


Regularly assessed financial performance of the Barclays Group and its main businesses through reports from the Group Finance Director.


Reviewed and approved Barclays’
financial results prior to publication, including approving full year and half year dividends.


Discussed market and investor reaction to Barclays’ strategic and financial results announcements, with insights provided by the Head of
Investor

Relations and brokers.


Provided input, guidance and advice to
senior management on the Barclays Group’s Medium Term Plan 2019-2021 and subsequently approved the final plan.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 9


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
report


Governance and risk (including regulatory issues)


Debated and approved the 2018 risk appetite
for the Barclays Group.


Discussed and received regular updates on stress testing.


Regularly assessed Barclays’ overall
risk profile and emerging risk themes, hearing directly from the Chief Risk Officer and the Chair of the Risk Committee.


Discussed and received regular updates directly from the Chief Controls Officer on the internal controls and framework of the Barclays Group and
monitored progress of:


◾   the Barclays Internal Control Enhancement Plan (the programme for remediation of identified risk and
control issues)


◾   the Risk and Control Self Assessment process


◾   improvements to the operating model of the Controls Office.


Received reports on Barclays’
operational and technology capability, including in relation to the recruitment of a Chief Security Officer, the launch of the Joint Operations Centre, and cyber security.


Approved the Barclays Group’s 2018
Recovery Plan and considered the US Resolution Plan. Both plans considered Barclays’ Preferred Resolution Strategy, which is developed with the Bank of England and involves a single-point of entry resolution with

bail-in
 at the Barclays PLC level.


Considered regular updates from the Group General Counsel on the legal and regulatory risks and issues facing the Barclays Group – refer to
note 27 in the financial statements.


Met with representatives of Barclays’ UK and US regulators to enable the Board to hear first-hand about regulatory expectations and their specific views on Barclays.


Received and considered regular updates on
communications from Barclays’ UK and US regulators.


Considered matters relating to Board succession, including the recruitment and appointment of a new Chairman and approved appointments to the Board
and Board Committees.


Received
and considered regular updates from the Chairs of the Board’s principal Board Committees on the matters discussed at Board Committee meetings. You can read more about what each of the Board Committees did during 2018 on the following pages.


Received regular updates from
the Chairs of Barclays Bank UK, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Services Limited.


Approved:


◾   the new corporate governance framework for the Barclays Group, which reflects the corporate
structure post-structural reform and recent corporate governance reforms


◾   the operating parameters within which Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, and their
respective groups, should run themselves in compliance with relevant law and regulation.


Considered and discussed other corporate governance matters and regulatory matters, including the Senior Managers and Certification Regime and the
extension thereof.


Engaged with
stakeholders through a number of mechanisms, including:


◾   meeting with institutional investors at seminars and conferences across many geographic locations,
and meeting with private shareholders at the AGM


◾   receiving updates on shareholder views through regular updates, with insights provided by the Head
of Investor Relations and brokers


◾   monitoring the impact of our behaviour and business on customers and clients, colleagues and society
with support from the Reputation Committee, which tracks key indicators across the areas of culture, citizenship, conduct, and customer and client satisfaction, and used the insights gained to inform the Board’s decision-making.


Monitored the
impact of our behaviour and business on customers and clients, colleagues and society.


Received regular reports on the alignment of Barclays’ culture with its purpose, values and strategy as well as qualitative and quantitative
feedback on matters of interest to colleagues.


Received updates from the Reputation Committee on the publication of policy statements on Coal, World Heritage Sites and Ramsar Wetlands, as well as Barclays Energy and Climate Change Statement, and discussed feedback received
thereon.


Received training on
whistleblowing and the Senior Managers and Certification Regime.


Considered the results of the 2017 Board effectiveness review and the proposed action plan and considered the process for and findings of the


2018 Board effectiveness review. More information on the 2018 Board effectiveness review can be found on page
4.


Other (including remuneration)


Considered progress on
Barclays’ talent and succession planning (and hosted receptions for key talent within the Barclays Group), and monitored the overall diversity of the leadership pipeline to ensure that the broadest spectrum of leaders are being attracted to the
Barclays Group.


Received
updates on the Bank’s diversity and inclusion initiatives, including from the Chair of the Nominations Committee, and debated the key business drivers for promoting diversity of gender, social and ethnic background, cognitive and personal
strengths when making appointments to the Board and succession planning.


Considered and approved the 2018 incentive funding pools for the Barclays Group and allocation among each business and function. Please refer to the
Remuneration report on pages 53
to 80
 for further details.


10 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance in action – Cyber security and operational resilience
The way in which businesses operate and consumers manage their lives is fundamentally
changing. At Barclays, our customers undertake over six million digital banking interactions every day through online and mobile services. The impact of digitisation on the financial services sector has generally been a positive one, providing
consumers with the ability to engage through their preferred channel, at a time of their choosing, without having to visit a physical branch. However, digitisation has also resulted in instances of service disruption. In a recent study on cyber and
technology resilience, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) noted that cyber-attacks accounted for 18% of the operational incidents reported to the FCA between October 2017 and September 2018, and that technology outages in the financial services
sector are becoming more frequent. The Board
considers that cyber security and operational resilience are critical issues – disruptions that affect customers’ access to their accounts, and their money, impact confidence in the wider banking sector. The Barclays Group is focused on
reducing the volume of operational incidents, and is seeking to do this through: ◾ Continued investment in our IT infrastructure. We operate a multi-channel strategy, with the channels supported by different technology systems to ensure that we can continue
to service our customers in the event that one or more channels encounters difficulties. There are also, often, non-digital alternatives available for use as back-up. ◾ The provision of around-the-clock resilience and security. Nearly one quarter of the Barclays
Group’s global workforce of 85,000 is dedicated to security and technology. In order to enable our customers to transact 24/7, we seek to ensure around-the-clock resilience and security. We have created a global network of Joint Operation Centres with state-of-the-art technology and highly
trained staff to enable ‘always on’ monitoring, tracking, and handling of cyber threats and technology issues.   ◾ The strengthening of
controls and governance relating to technology. We have agreed standards and processes in place to manage the risks of operating and maintaining a complex technology estate across the Barclays Group. We have also reviewed our most critical
banking services, and the internal processes that support them, in order to ensure that appropriate levels of resilience are designed and implemented for each service, depending on its criticality, and to identify and remove any single points of
failure. A senior Accountable Executive has been assigned to each critical banking service, with responsibility for ensuring the resilience of that service and undertaking regular testing. We also monitor both internal and external operational incidents as part of
our formal ‘Lessons Learned’ and ‘Post Incident Review’ processes, as well as regularly using scenario planning to further improve our activities and plans in the event of an incident. We believe that our approach is proving successful –
between 2016 and 2017, operational incidents caused by technology reduced by 15%; between 2017 and 2018, operational incidents caused by technology reduced by 13%. Nevertheless, incidents do still occur and, when they do, we focus on minimising the
impact on customers. This includes providing clear and timely updates through different channels in order to signpost customers to those services that are unaffected. Whilst the Board is actively engaged in monitoring and overseeing cyber security and operational resilience, the control aspects
of these issues are the responsibility of the Audit Committee and the operational risk issues are the responsibility of the Risk Committee. You can read more about the work of the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee on pages 12 to 21 and pages 31 to 36 respectively.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 11


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Audit Committee report


Having overseen preparations for the
implementation of IFRS 9, the Committee was well placed to monitor the impact of the new standard and ensure that such impact was clearly communicated to shareholders.
Dear Fellow Shareholders 2018 was another year of challenge and change for Barclays. One of the Committee’s most significant activities was
overseeing Barclays’ transition from IAS 39 to the IFRS 9 Financial Instruments accounting standard, in particular the introduction of a forward-looking expected credit loss (ECL) model, which is designed to recognise losses earlier.
Having overseen the Barclays Group’s preparation for the implementation of IFRS 9 over the last few years, my Committee colleagues and I were well placed to monitor the impact of the new standard and ensure that such impact was clearly
communicated to shareholders. To this end, and in line with the Committee’s responsibility for ensuring the integrity of Barclays’ published financial information by debating and challenging the critical judgements and estimates made by
management, we provided input on material disclosures relating to IFRS 9. Please refer to the report on the following pages for details of all of the material matters considered by the Committee in the last year. On 1 April 2018, Barclays Bank UK PLC was
established thereby completing structural reform. Having previously agreed the allocation of responsibilities, the Committee worked closely with the audit committees of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC and with management to embed the
necessary information flows and reporting in order to ensure that all three of the audit committees can discharge their responsibilities with the minimum amount of duplication. More generally, the intention of the new structure is that all of the
Barclays Group entities operate alongside one another, but in accordance with the requirements of ring-fencing legislation. With this in mind, I held regular meetings with the chairs of the Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC audit committees
and recently attended meetings of each of their committees. In turn, the chairs of those entities attended at least one Committee meeting during 2018. I also met frequently with members of senior management, including the Group Finance Director and
Chief Internal Auditor, and continued my engagement with Barclays’   regulators both in the UK and the US. I reported regularly on the activities of the Committee to the Board of Barclays
PLC. Ensuring continued focus on the strengthening of
Barclays’ control environment remained a priority for the Committee in 2018. I held regular meetings with the Chief Internal Auditor and members of her senior management team to ensure that I was aware of current work programmes and any
emerging issues. I also agreed the Chief Internal Auditor’s objectives, and the outcomes of her performance assessment and remuneration. Following the success of previous networking events with Barclays Internal Audit (BIA), Committee members
were once again given the opportunity to meet with senior members of the BIA management team on a less formal basis. Having taken over the co-ordination of the Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process in 2017, the
Chief Controls Office has developed a more detailed self-assessment process which has assisted the business in proactively identifying controls which require remediation. We received regular updates from the Chief Controls Office on those controls
and other issues. Following the stand-up of the Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC audit committees, the focus of these updates was on issues of significance to the Barclays Group, most of which
related to services supplied by Barclays Execution Services. The
Committee continued to engage with senior management regarding areas of control weaknesses, and received presentations from a number of different areas of the organisation on the actions taken to address unsatisfactory audit reports. In assessing control issues for disclosure in the Annual Report, the
Committee applied similar concepts to those used for assessing internal financial controls for the purposes of Sarbanes-Oxley. The conclusion we reached is that there are no control issues that are considered to be a material weakness and which
therefore merit specific disclosure.   I am proud to be Barclays’ Whistleblowers’ Champion. As Champion, I have specific responsibility for overseeing the
integrity, independence and effectiveness of the Barclays Group’s whistleblowing arrangements, including the policies and procedures on protecting against victimisation. In this capacity, I am pleased to report that the recommendations arising
from the independent review of the whistleblowing programme that was commissioned by the Board in 2017 have been implemented in full. This includes the standing-up of a centralised team to review and assess all concerns raised and, as necessary,
direct those concerns to an appropriate team for investigation. The FCA and the PRA concluded their regulatory processes in relation to the investigation of certain matters involving our whistleblowing programme, and Barclays Bank PLC reached a
settlement with the New York State Department of Financial Services in respect of its investigation into the same matters. Certain information relating to the whistleblowing programme will be provided to the FCA and the PRA for the years 2018 –
2020, and to the New York State Department of Financial Services for the years 2017 – 2020. Committee performance The
performance of the Committee was assessed by Independent Board Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy as part of the annual effectiveness review of the Board of Barclays PLC. The results show that the Committee is
operating effectively, and the Board takes a high level of assurance from the technical competence and diligence of the Committee’s work. It is considered well constituted, with the right balance of skills and experience. Last year’s
review commented on the need to manage a demanding agenda efficiently so that time is allocated to the most significant items for discussion.


12 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The Committee sought to address this by embedding the progress made by the Audit,
Reputation and Risk Committees in 2017 to avoid duplication where there is an overlap of responsibilities, and focusing on time management in meetings such that discussions, and presenters, are limited to the allocated time. The results of this
year’s review note that there has been encouraging progress in relation to focus on key issues, but that there is still work to be done. The Committee will continue to focus on this point in the forthcoming year.


You can read more about the outcomes of the review of Board, Board Committee and individual Director effectiveness on page 25.


Looking ahead


In 2019, the Committee will continue to monitor the impact of IFRS 9, and the new IFRS 16 accounting standard pursuant to which
companies will be required to bring most leases
on-balance
 sheet from 1 January 2019. We will also further develop our relationship with the audit committees of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC
to ensure that all three audit committees operate effectively and in a streamlined manner.

Finally, Sally Clark, our
current Chief Internal Auditor, has decided to retire. I would like to take this opportunity to thank her both personally and on behalf of the Committee for her support and dedication in the role over the last five years. The Committee will be
involved in the process to appoint a successor, and will be seeking to ensure that we appoint a candidate who continues with her work establishing BIA as a world leading function.


Mike Ashley

Chair, Board Audit Committee

20 February 2019


Committee allocation of time
(%)
2018   2017
1 Control
issues   8   11
2 Business control
environment   12   15
3 Financial
results   46   *   33
(including IFRS 9)
4 Internal audit
matters   14   †   25
5 External audit
matters   13   8
6 Other (including
litigation,   7   8
governance and compliance)
*   The increased amount of time allocated to financial results in 2018 reflects the
role of the Committee in monitoring the impact of the IFRS 9 Financial Instruments accounting standard and ensuring that such impact was clearly communicated to shareholders, including providing input on material disclosures. †  The reduced amount of time allocated to internal audit matters in 2018 is reflective
of the progress made by Barclays Internal Audit in addressing the Matters Requiring Attention identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the issues arising from the PRA’s horizontal review of the function, and the recommendations made
by Deloitte following its independent review of Barclays Internal Audit in 2017.

Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent
non-executive
 Directors, with membership designed to provide
the breadth of financial expertise and commercial acumen it needs to fulfil its responsibilities. Its members as a whole have recent and relevant experience of the banking and financial services sector, in addition to general management and
commercial experience, and are financially literate. In particular, Mike Ashley, who is the designated financial expert on the Committee for the purposes of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act, is a former audit partner who, during his executive career, acted
as lead engagement partner on the audits of a number of large financial services groups. Matthew Lester held a number of senior finance roles across a range of business sectors, including financial services, during his executive career. You can find
more details of the experience of Committee members in their biographies on pages 5 and
6.

During 2018, the Committee met nine times and the chart above shows how it allocated its time. Attendance by members at Committee meetings is shown below. Committee meetings were attended by representatives from management,
including the Group Chief


Executive, Group Finance Director, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Controls Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Group General Counsel and Head of Compliance, as well as
representatives from the businesses and other functions. The lead audit partner of KPMG (the Barclays Group’s external auditor) attended all Committee meetings in 2018 – from January to July this was Guy Bainbridge; from August onwards
this was Michelle Hinchliffe. The Committee held a number of separate private sessions with each of the Chief Internal Auditor and the lead audit partner, which were not attended by management.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Mike Ashley   9/9
Tim Breedon   9/9
Crawford Gillies   9/9
Matthew Lester   9/9
Diane Schueneman   9/9

Committee role and responsibilities


The Committee is responsible for:


◾   assessing the integrity of the Barclays Group’s financial reporting and satisfying itself that any significant financial judgements made by management are sound


◾   evaluating the effectiveness of the Barclays Group’s internal controls, including internal financial controls


◾   scrutinising the activities and performance of the internal and external auditors, including monitoring their independence and objectivity


◾   overseeing the relationship with the Barclays Group’s external auditor


◾   reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the Barclays Group’s whistleblowing policies and procedures


◾   overseeing significant legal and regulatory investigations, including the proposed litigation statement for inclusion in the statutory accounts.


The Committee’s work


The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2018, and in evaluating the Annual Report and financial statements, are described on the
following pages.

Financial statement reporting issues


The Committee’s main responsibility in relation to Barclays’ financial reporting is to review with both management and the external
auditor the appropriateness of Barclays’ financial statements, including quarterly results announcements, half-year


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 13


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Audit Committee report


and annual financial statements, and supporting analyst presentations, with its primary focus being
on:


◾   assessing whether the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess Barclays’ position and
performance, business model and strategy


◾   material areas where significant judgements have been made, along with any significant assumptions or estimates, or where significant issues have been discussed with or challenged by the external
auditor


◾   the quality and acceptability of accounting policies and practices


◾   any correspondence from financial reporting regulators in relation to Barclays’ financial reporting.


Accounting policies and practices

The Committee discussed reports from management in relation to the identification of critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty, significant accounting policies and the proposed disclosure of these in
the 2018 Annual Report.

Following discussions with both management and the external auditor, the Committee approved the critical
accounting judgements, significant accounting policies and disclosures, which are set out in Note 1,


‘Significant accounting policies’, to the consolidated financial statements.


Two new significant accounting standards became effective from 1 January 2018, IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
 and IFRS 15
Revenue from
Contracts with Customers.
 Further information regarding these changes can be found in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. During 2018, the Committee was regularly updated on Barclays’ implementation of IFRS 9, in particular in
relation to the new ECL model, which represented a fundamental change in approach to impairment

The Committee discussed with management
the key technical decisions and interpretations required, and Barclays’ approach to these.

Financial reporting regulators and
Barclays

The Committee from time to time considers comment letters and papers from external bodies including the SEC and the
Financial Reporting Council (FRC). In that regard, the Committee considered the following:


◾   the FRC’s Annual Review of Corporate Governance and Reporting, which summarised key characteristics of good corporate reporting from the 2017/18 reporting year


◾   the FRC’s Year-End Advice Letter to Audit Committee Chairs and Finance Directors, which highlighted key developments for the 2018/19 reporting year


◾   the FRC’s IFRS 9 Thematic Review, which looked at disclosures in 2018 interim accounts relating to the implementation of IFRS 9.


The Committee sought to ensure that Barclays took due account of the matters raised in the letters and papers described above in its external
reporting, and sought to enhance and clarify relevant disclosures, as appropriate.

From time to time, Barclays receives comment letters
from the SEC in relation to its review of the annual report and other publicly filed financial statements. Such comment letters and Barclays’ responses are made publicly available by the SEC on its website, sec.gov, once it has closed each such
review. Barclays did not receive any such comment letters from the SEC during 2018.

Significant judgements and estimates


The significant judgements and estimates and actions taken by the Committee in relation to the 2018 Annual Report and financial
statements are outlined below. The significant judgements and estimates are broadly comparable in nature to prior years. Each of these matters was discussed with the external auditor during the year and, where appropriate, has been addressed in the
Auditor’s Report on pages 203 to 204.


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Fair, balanced and understandable reporting (including country-by- country reporting and Pillar 3 reporting)   Barclays is required to ensure that its external reporting is fair, balanced and
understandable. The Committee undertakes an assessment on behalf
of the Board in order to provide the Board with assurance that it can make the statement required by The UK Corporate Governance Code 2016.   ◾ Assessed through discussion with and challenge of management, including the Group Chief Executive and Group Finance Director, whether disclosures in the Annual Report and other
financial reports were fair, balanced and understandable. ◾ Evaluated reports from
Barclays PLC’s Disclosure Committee on its assessment of the content, accuracy and tone of the disclosures. ◾ Established through reports
from management that there were no indications of fraud relating to financial reporting matters. ◾ Evaluated the outputs of
Barclays’ internal control assessments and Sarbanes-Oxley s404 internal control process. ◾ Assessed disclosure controls
and procedures. ◾ Confirmed that management had reported on and evidenced the basis on which representations to the external auditors were made.   Having evaluated all of the available information and the assurances provided by
management, the Committee concluded that the processes underlying the preparation of Barclays’ published financial statements, including the 2018 Annual Report and financial statements, were appropriate in ensuring that those statements were
fair, balanced and understandable. In assessing Barclays’
financial results statements over the course of 2018, the Committee specifically addressed and provided input to management on the disclosure and presentation of: ◾ the impact of IFRS 9 on,
among other things, Barclays’ CET1 ratio, credit risk disclosures in the Pillar 3 report and shareholders’ equity ◾ the Group Finance
Director’s presentations to analysts ◾ the level of segmental reporting. The Committee recommended to the Board that the 2018 Annual Report and financial statements are fair, balanced and understandable.


14 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Impairment (refer to Note 7
to the financial statements)   Barclays has
implemented IFRS9 by developing models to calculate expected credit losses in a range of economic scenarios. The key areas of judgement include setting modelling assumptions, developing methodologies for the weighting of economic scenarios,
establishing criteria to determine significant deterioration in credit quality and the application of management adjustments to the model output.   ◾ Assessed impairment experience against forecast, and considered whether impairment provisions were appropriate. ◾ Evaluated the impact of IFRS 9 on impairment. ◾ Monitored the Barclays
Group’s ECLs, model changes, scenario updates, post-model adjustments, and volatility. ◾ Monitored SOX compliance in
relation to IFRS 9 controls and, specifically, the ECL calculation.   The Committee
received a number of deep dive presentations from the Finance and Credit officers responsible for the IFRS 9 implementation. The Committee considered in detail the key IFRS 9 assumptions relating to staging criteria and the weighting of economic scenarios. The Committee reviewed model adjustments and scenario updates made by
management to ensure that impairment allowances were set at appropriate and adequate levels. In particular, the Committee reviewed the basis of the adjustment of £150m made to reflect current economic uncertainty in the UK. The Committee agreed that the provision levels for impairment were
appropriate. In light of the need for additional disclosures to be
made in relation to IFRS 9, the Committee reviewed management’s ‘dry run’ of the year end IFRS 9 disclosures which focused on those disclosures that were either new or significantly impacted. The Committee also reviewed the final IFRS
9 disclosures which, whilst understandbly still evolving, the Committee believed gave a good explanation of the impacts.
Conduct provisions (refer to Note 25 to the financial statements)   Barclays makes certain assumptions and estimates, analysis of which underpins provisions made for the costs of customer redress, such as for
Payment Protection Insurance (PPI).   ◾ Regularly analysed the judgements and estimates made with regard to Barclays’ provisioning for PPI claims, taking into account forecasts and assumptions made for PPI
complaints and actual claims experience for Barclays and the industry as a whole, including the volume of invalid PPI claims. ◾ Debated the impact on the
future range of provisions arising from (i) the August 2019 time-bar on claims, (ii) the PPI marketing campaigns, and (iii) the fee cap on the submission of PPI complaints by claims management
companies. ◾ Evaluated the adequacy of the PPI provision, considering whether the total provision is within the modelled range of future outcomes, and whether the external auditor agreed
with management’s analysis and approach. ◾ Monitored the position on provisions for alternative PPI (card protection and payment break plan insurance) and considered whether further provisions
were required.   Throughout the year, the Committee and management continued to monitor closely any changes
in customer or claims management companies’ behaviour in light of the FCA time-bar and marketing campaign, and the ongoing impact of the Plevin case. Having reviewed the key factors impacting the PPI
provision, the PPI provision was increased in Q1 2018. Following this increase, the Committee agreed with management’s assessment that the current provision of £888m was appropriate. The Committee noted that this estimate remains subject
to significant uncertainty, in particular regarding the level of valid customer claims that may be received in the period to August 2019. In this context, the Committee was satisfied that sensitivities to the key variables were appropriately
disclosed.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 15


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Audit Committee report


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Legal, competition and regulatory provisions (refer to Notes 27 to 29 to the
financial statements)   Although a number of significant legacy litigation issues were resolved during 2018,
Barclays is engaged in various legal, competition and regulatory matters. The extent of the impact on Barclays of these matters cannot always be predicted, but matters can give rise to provisioning for contingent and other liabilities depending on
the relevant facts and circumstances. The level of provisioning is subject to management judgement on the basis of legal advice and is, therefore, an area of focus for the Committee.   ◾ Evaluated advice on the status of current legal, competition and regulatory matters. ◾ Assessed management’s
judgements and estimates of the levels of provisions to be taken and the adequacy of those provisions, based on available information and evidence. ◾ Considered the adequacy of
disclosure, recognising that any decision to set provisions involves significant judgement.   The Committee discussed provisions and utilisation. Having reviewed the information available to determine what was both probable and could be
reliably estimated, the Committee agreed that the level of provision at the year end was appropriate. The Committee also considered that the disclosures made provided the appropriate information for investors regarding the legal, competition and
regulatory matters being addressed by the Barclays Group.
Long-term viability   The Directors are
required to make a statement in the Annual Report as to the long-term viability of Barclays. The Committee provides advice to the Board on the form and content of the statement, including the underlying assumptions.   ◾ Evaluated at year end a report from management setting out the view of Barclays’ long-term viability based on Barclays’ MTP. The report covered
forecasts for capital, liquidity and leverage, and included forecast performance against regulatory targets, outcomes of the stress test of the MTP and forecast capital and liquidity performance against stress hurdle rates, funding and liquidity
forecasts as well as an assessment of global risk themes and the Barclays Group’s risk profile. ◾ Considered the viability
statement in conjunction with Barclays’ risk statements and strategy/business model disclosures. ◾ Addressed feedback from
investors, the FRC and other stakeholders on viability statements in general.   The Committee
agreed that the appropriate timeframe for the viability statement continued to be three years. Taking into account the assessment by the Risk Committee of stress testing results and risk appetite, the Committee agreed to recommend the
viability statement to the Board for approval
Valuations (refer to Notes 13 to 17 to the financial statements)   Barclays exercises
judgement in the valuation and disclosure of financial instruments, derivative assets and certain portfolios, particularly where quoted market prices are not available.   ◾ Evaluated reports from the Group Financial Controller. ◾ Monitored the valuation
methods applied by management to significant valuation items, including the Barclays Group’s Education, Social, Housing and Local Authority portfolio and a valuation disparity with a third party in respect of a specific long dated derivative
portfolio.   The Committee noted
that there were no new significant valuation judgements during the year.
Tax (refer to Note 9 to the financial statements)   Barclays is subject
to taxation in a number of jurisdictions globally and makes judgements with regard to provisioning for tax at risk, and on the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets.   ◾ Evaluated the appropriateness of tax risk provisions to cover existing tax risk. ◾ Confirmed that the forecasts and assumptions supporting the recognition and valuation of deferred tax assets was in line with Barclays’ Medium Term Plan (MTP). ◾ Monitored the impact to Barclays of the US framework for tax legislation, which was enacted on 22 December 2017, including the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax
(BEAT).   The Committee
reviewed Barclays’ global tax risk and associated provisions for the full year and noted that gross tax risk increased slightly, and the level of tax provisions remained appropriate. The Committee was pleased to note that the Barclays Group was not affected by
BEAT in respect of 2018


16 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Other significant matters


Apart from financial reporting matters, the Committee has responsibility for oversight of the
effectiveness of Barclays’ internal controls, the performance and effectiveness of BIA and


the performance, objectivity and independence of the external auditor. The most significant matters
considered during 2018 are described in the table below.


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Internal
control Read more about Barclays’ internal control and risk management processes on page 40.   The effectiveness
of the overall control environment, including the status of any material control issues and the progress of specific remediation plans.   ◾ Evaluated and tracked the status of the most material control issues identified by management through regular reports from the Chief Controls Officer,
assessed against the Controls Maturity Model. ◾ Evaluated the status of specific material control issues (being data management, compliance, cyber, credit risk, model risk, resilience, technology and
transaction operations) and tracked the progress of the associated remediation plans against agreed timeframes. ◾ Considered the second line
of defence role in the oversight of operational risk controls, including financial controls over operational risk. ◾ Evaluated reports on the
internal control environment from the external auditor. ◾ Evaluated quarterly updates
on lessons learned from Critical risk events, which were tracked by the Chief Controls Office.   The Committee
welcomed the ongoing transition to a “business as usual” environment following the significant volume of work that had been undertaken as part of the Barclays Internal Controls Enhancement Programme, supported by the RCSA
process. The Committee continued to use the output from the RCSA
process in its review of the control environment, and welcomed the introduction of more granularity, which has provided greater visibility on controls requiring remediation and associated risks. The Committee, together with the Risk Committee,
received a deep dive presentation on this enhanced process in the course of the year. The Committee also received deep dives on control hot spots, including operational resilience and third party fraud. The Committee monitored the implementation of the Operational Risk and
Control System (ORAC) and tracked the transition of all issue reporting into that system. In addition, the Committee continued to provide feedback on the reporting of material control issues.
Business control
environment   The effectiveness
of the control environment in each individual business, including the status of any material control issues and the progress of specific remediation plans.   ◾ Assessed reports on individual businesses and functions on their control environment, questioned the heads of the relevant businesses or functions on
control concerns and scrutinised any identified control failures and closely monitored the status of remediation plans or workstreams to enhance the respective control environments. ◾ Received updates directly from senior management, and scrutinised action plans, in relation to remediation plans following unsatisfactory audit findings. ◾ Received updates from management on the Designated Market Activities remediation plan, which addresses Barclays’ regulatory commitments to the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York (the Fed) and other US and UK regulators in relation to sales and trading practices across the FX, Rates and other Markets related business areas.   The Committee
received regular deep dive control environment presentations. These provided further detail of management’s assessment of the business unit control environment and key areas of focus, including key control hot spots for the businesses. The
Committee also received a number of presentations from business heads following unsatisfactory audit reports. The Committee challenged the business regarding their role in identifying the control issues, and requested confirmation from management
regarding the remediation programme as well as the timeframes and accountability for delivery of that plan.
The effectiveness
of the control environment in the Chief Operating Office (COO) and the status and remediation of any material control issues.   ◾ Scrutinised on a regular basis the COO control environment through deep dives and management updates, taking the opportunity to directly challenge and
question functional leaders, including the Chief Operating Officer, on the progress of remediation plans.   The Committee was
pleased to note continuing progress to address control issues in accordance with the agreed timescales.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 17


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Audit Committee report


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Raising
concerns   The adequacy of the
Barclays Group’s arrangements to allow employees to raise concerns in confidence and anonymously without fear of retaliation, and the outcomes of any substantiated cases.   ◾ Monitored enhancements to the whistleblowing programme following the independent review that was commissioned by the Board in 2017. ◾ Reviewed the examples of best practice in the FCA’s Review of Firms’ Whistleblowing Arrangements. ◾ Monitored whistleblowing metrics, including case load and case ageing. ◾ Monitored instances of
retaliation reports, and whether any instances had been substantiated. ◾ Received a presentation from
BIA following its audit of the Investigations and Whistleblowing team.   As Whistleblowing
Champion, the Chair of the Committee presented his annual report on whistleblowing matters to the Board. The Committee continued to encourage and support the provision of training to colleagues and managers on whistleblowing issues, and received their
own whistleblowing training. The Committee was pleased to note that the volume of cases remains proportionate to Barclays’ size and footprint. The Committee was also pleased to note that the recommendations arising from the independent review of the whistleblowing programme had been
implemented in full, and had been subject to validation by the Global Compliance Assurance team. Following the enhancements made, the Committee considered that the whistleblowing programme generally met with best practice as identified by the
FCA’s Review. The Barclays PLC Environmental Social
Governance Report 2018 includes further details regarding the Barclays Group’s whistleblowing procedures and controls.
Internal
audit   The performance of
BIA and delivery of the internal audit plan, including scope of work performed, the level of resources, and the methodology and coverage of the internal audit plan.   ◾ Scrutinised and agreed internal audit plans, methodology and deliverables for 2018. ◾ Monitored BIA’s progress on delivery against the Matters Requiring Attention identified by the Fed, the issues arising from the PRA’s horizontal review of the
function, and BIA’s response to feedback received as part of the independent external review commissioned by the Committee. ◾ Monitored delivery of the
agreed audit plans, including assessing internal audit resources and hiring levels, and any impacts on the audit plan, and reviewing the reasons for the postponement of audits in greater depth. ◾ Debated audit risk appetite and issue validation. ◾ Tracked the levels of
unsatisfactory audits, and monitored related remediation plans. ◾ Approved the appointment of
the Chief Internal Auditor for Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC respectively. ◾ Discussed BIA’s
assessment of the management control approach and control environment in Barclays Bank UK PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and the functions. ◾ Evaluated the outcomes from
BIA’s annual self-assessment.   The Committee
received semi-annual thematic control reports from BIA and a quarterly operational report during 2018. The Committee observed that the issues arising from unsatisfactory audits indicated that there was still work to do in embedding the required level
of control consciousness across the Barclays Group and ensuring that control exceptions were highlighted clearly in management reporting. The Committee welcomed the progress made by BIA in addressing the Matters Requiring Attention identified by the Fed, the issues arising from the
PRA’s horizontal review of the function, and the recommendations made as part of the independent external review. The Committee confirmed that it was satisfied with the outcome of the self-assessment of BIA performance, which evidenced that the function
generally conforms to the standards set by the Institute of Internal Auditors. It further confirmed that it felt able to rely on the work of BIA in discharging its own responsibilities.


18 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
External
audit   The work and
performance of KPMG.   ◾ Met with key members of the KPMG audit team to discuss the 2018 audit plan and agree areas of focus. ◾ Assessed regular reports from KPMG on the progress of the 2018 audit and any material accounting and control issues identified. ◾ Discussed KPMG’s feedback on Barclays’ critical accounting estimates and judgements. ◾ Discussed KPMG’s draft
report on certain control areas and the control environment ahead of the 2018 year end. ◾ Discussed the approach to
KPMG’s annual report to the PRA which will be issued following completion of the 2018 audit. ◾ Considered the draft SOX
control report and the draft audit opinion.   The Committee
approved the audit plan and the main areas of focus. Separate audit partners were assigned to lead the audits of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC and the scope of the audit was, therefore, necessarily revised to reflect a legal entity
view. Read more about the Committee’s role in assessing the
performance, effectiveness and independence of the external auditor below. Further details of the Committee’s consideration of audit quality can be found in the ‘Governance in action’ section of this report on page
26.


In addition, the Committee also covered the following matters:


◾
  tracked the progress of specific
work being done to enhance Barclays’ financial crime controls, including the function’s investigation capabilities, particularly in relation to prevention and detection activities. The Committee also assessed the Group Money Laundering
Officer’s annual report, which was also presented to the Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC audit committees


◾
  assessed the status of the
programme in place to ensure Barclays’ compliance with client assets (CASS) regulatory requirements, including approving the annual client assets audit report and discussing the potential impact of structural reform on client assets


◾
  evaluated the outcomes of the
assessment of the Committee’s performance and any areas of Committee performance that needed to be enhanced

◾
  reviewed and updated its terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval.


External auditor

Following
an external audit tender in 2015, KPMG was appointed as the Barclays Group’s statutory auditor. Michelle Hinchliffe of KPMG is the Senior Statutory Auditor.


Assessing external auditor effectiveness, objectivity and independence and
non-audit
 services


The Committee is responsible for assessing the effectiveness, objectivity and independence of KPMG. This responsibility was
discharged throughout the year at formal Committee meetings, during private meetings with KPMG, and through discussions with key executive stakeholders. In addition to the matters noted above, the Committee also:


◾
   approved the terms of the
audit engagement letter and associated fees, on behalf of the Board


◾
  discussed and agreed revisions
to the Barclays Group policy on the
Provision of Services by the Group Statutory Auditor
 and regularly analysed reports from management on the
non-audit
 services provided to Barclays


◾
  evaluated and approved revisions
to the Barclays Group policy on
Employment of Employees or Workers from the Statutory Auditor
 and ensured compliance with the policy by regularly assessing reports from management detailing any appointments made


◾
  was briefed by KPMG on critical
accounting judgements and estimates and internal controls over financial reporting

◾
  assessed any potential threats to independence that were self-identified and reported by KPMG


◾
  met with KPMG to discuss the
issues impacting KPMG as a firm, some of which were the subject of significant adverse press coverage

◾
  reviewed the annual report on KPMG issued by the FRC’s Audit Quality Review (AQR) team


◾
  received and discussed with the
AQR team the findings from their review of KPMG’s 2017 audit of the Barclays Group

◾
  received a report from KPMG regarding the draft findings from the review by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) of KPMG’s 2017 audit of the Barclays
Group.

The AQR team reviewed the main judgmental areas of KPMG’s audit: the fair value of financial instruments (including trading,
designated at fair value and derivative financial instruments); the impairment of loans and advances to customers; litigation provisions; conduct provisions; and the IFRS 9 transition disclosures. They identified improvements that, in their view,
were required in these areas and in their discussion with the Committee highlighted, in particular, their findings as related to KPMG’s audit of the


fair value of derivatives. The Committee discussed both the overall assessmentof the review and the areas for improvement in detail with KPMG, and noted the actions they had taken as regards the
2018 audit; the Committee also challenged KPMG as to whether any of the findings might be relevant to areas which had not been subject to the AQR team’s review. In addition, the Committee received a detailed paper from KPMG outlining the work
they performed on the fair value of the derivatives portfolio in 2017. The Committee believes that KPMG has taken appropriate action as regards its 2018 audit. Furthermore, having understood the nature of the AQR team’s findings and KPMG’s
work, particularly as regards the fair value of the derivatives portfolio, the Committee does not believe the findings affected the overall audit conclusions reached by KPMG in the 2017 audit.


The Committee received from KPMG a note of the draft PCAOB findings and discussed with KPMG both the findings and the proposed improvements to the
audit that KPMG had implemented for the 2018 audit. The Committee noted that whilst the scope for the two reviews was not the same, the PCAOB did also cover the fair value of financial instruments and the impairment of loans and advances to
customers. As regards the financial statement audit, the PCAOB raised no comments on the impairment of loans and only one comment on the valuation of a minor part of the trading portfolio. As regards the audit of financial controls required by
Sarbanes-Oxley, the PCAOB noted that, in their view, KPMG had not performed adequate assessments of certain management review controls relating to loan impairment and valuation models. In this respect, both management and KPMG have been working to
ensure that such review controls are documented at a sufficiently granular level to meet audit and regulatory expectations. Again, having considered in detail the comments raised and KPMG’s response, the Committee believes that KPMG has taken


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 19


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Audit Committee report


appropriate action as regards the 2018 audit and that the nature of the comments received from the
PCAOB do not impact on the 2017 audit conclusions in respect of either the audit of the financial statements or internal financial controls.

KPMG’s performance, independence and objectivity during 2018 were also formally assessed at the beginning of 2019 by way of a questionnaire completed by key stakeholders across the Barclays Group, including the chairs of the
Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC audit committees. The questionnaire was designed to evaluate KPMG’s audit process and addressed matters such as the quality of planning and communication, technical knowledge, the level of scrutiny and
challenge applied and KPMG’s understanding of the business. In addition, as in the prior year, KPMG nominated a senior partner of the audit team reporting to the Senior Statutory


Auditor to have specific responsibility for ensuring audit quality. The Committee therefore met with the partner concerned without the Senior
Statutory Auditor to receive a report on his assessment of audit quality, bearing in mind the comments received from the AQR team and PCAOB and the responses thereto.


Taking into account the results of all of the above, the Committee considered that KPMG maintained their independence and objectivity, and that the
audit process was effective.

Non-audit
 services


In order to safeguard the Auditor’s independence and objectivity, the Barclays Group has in place a policy setting out the circumstances in
which the Auditor may be engaged to provide services other than those covered by the Barclays Group audit. The Barclays Group Policy on the
Provision of Services by the Group Statutory Auditor
 (the Policy) applies to all Barclays’
subsidiaries and other material entities over which Barclays has significant influence. The core principle of the Policy is that
non-audit
 services (other than those legally required to be carried out by the
Barclays Group’s Auditor) should only be performed by the Auditor in certain, controlled circumstances. The Policy sets out those types of services that are strictly prohibited and those that are allowable in principle. Any service types that
do not fall within either list are considered by the Committee Chair on a case by case basis, supported by a risk assessment provided by management.

The Policy is reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that it is fit for purpose, and that it reflects applicable rules and guidelines. This year, following the completion of structural reform, the following material amendments were
made to the Policy:


◾
  references to ABSA/Barclays
Africa Group Limited (BAGL), and its auditors Ernst and Young, were removed to reflect the full deconsolidation of BAGL from a regulatory perspective


◾
  the Policy was updated to
reflect an FRC staff guidance note entitled “The Auditor’s Provision of Restructuring Services to Public Interest Entity Participants in Bank Lending or Bond Funded Syndicates”


◾
  the £25,000 tax planning
and tax advice services threshold was removed from allowable
non-audit
 services, which means that all such services now require approval. Tax advice to expatriate employees and training on the practice of tax
law were added to the prohibited
non-audit
 services listing

The Policy was further updated at
the beginning of 2019 to align it with KPMG’s update to its own internal policy on
non-audit
 services for FTSE 350 companies which provides that the Auditor should only be engaged to supply
non-audit
 services where those services are ‘closely related’ to the audit.

The above
changes were approved at a Barclays Group level by the Committee. This is in accordance with European Union law and FRC guidance, pursuant to which audit committees of Public Interest Entities (such as Barclays PLC) are required to approve
non-audit
 services provided by their auditors to such entities, and subsidiary Public Interest Entities in the UK – such as Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC – can rely on the approval of
non-audit
 services by the ultimate parent’s audit committee. It should be noted that audit services, and the fee cap, will be monitored by the relevant audit committee, as appropriate.


Under the Policy the Committee has
pre-approved
 all allowable services for which fees are less than
£100,000. However, all proposed work, regardless of the fees, must be sponsored by a senior executive and recorded on a centralised online system, with a detailed explanation of the clear commercial benefit arising from engaging the Auditor
over other potential service providers. The audit firm engagement partner must also confirm that the engagement has been approved in accordance with the Auditor’s own internal ethical standards and does not pose any threat to the Auditor’s
independence or objectivity. All requests to engage the Auditor are assessed by independent management before work can commence. Requests for allowable service types in respect of which the fees are expected to meet or exceed the above threshold
must be approved by the Chair of the Committee before work is permitted to begin. Services where the fees are expected to be £250,000 or higher must be approved by the Committee as a whole. All expenses and disbursements must be included in
the fees calculation.


During 2018, with the exception of one matter, all engagements where expected fees met or exceeded
the above threshold were evaluated by either the Committee Chair or the Committee as a whole who, before confirming any approval, assured themselves that there was justifiable reason for engaging the Auditor and that its independence and objectivity
would not be threatened. No requests to use KPMG were declined by the Committee in 2018 (2017: none). On a quarterly basis, the Committee scrutinised details of individually approved and
pre-approved
 services
undertaken by KPMG in order to satisfy itself that they posed no risk to independence, either in isolation or on an aggregated basis.


Two minor breaches of the Policy arose during the reporting period. In both cases, KPMG confirmed to the Committee that they did not consider their
position of independence had been compromised. The Committee agreed with this assessment and action was taken to address the breaches and to ensure they do not recur.


For the purposes of the Policy, the Committee has determined that any
pre-approved
 service of a value of
under £50,000 is to be regarded as not material in terms of its impact on Barclays’ financial statements and has required the Group Financial Controller to specifically review and confirm to the Committee that any
pre-
 approved service with a value of
£50,000-£100,000
 may be regarded as such. The Committee undertook a review of

pre-approved
 services at its meeting in December 2018 and satisfied itself that such
pre-approved
 services were not material in the context of their impact on the
financial statements.

The fees payable to KPMG for the year ended


31 December 2018 amounted to £51m, of which £11m (2017: £10m) was payable in respect of

non-audit
 services. A breakdown of the fees payable to the Auditor for statutory audit and
non-audit
 work can be found in Note 40. Of the £11m of
non-audit
 services provided by KPMG during 2018, the significant categories of engagement, i.e. services where the fees amounted to more than £500,000, included:


◾
  audit-related services: services
in connection with CASS audits (while the CASS audit fell within the Auditor’s scope of services, the fees for such services did not form part of the global fee arrangements and therefore required separate Committee approval pursuant to the
Policy)

◾
  other attest
and assurance services: ongoing attestation and assurance services for treasury and capital markets transactions to meet regulatory requirements, including regular reporting obligations and verification reports.


20 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


As noted above, the Provision of Services by the Group Statutory Auditor Policy was updated to clarify that the Barclays Group should only engage the Auditor to supply non-audit services where those services are
‘closely related’ to the audit. Having reviewed the non-audit services that have been provided by KPMG since their appointment as the Barclays Group’s external auditor with effect from the
financial year beginning 1 January 2017, we believe that this change will have limited impact on the Barclays Group. For example, all of the non-audit services provided by KPMG in 2018 fall within
the new policy and would, therefore, have been permissible. Of the £10m of non-audit services provided by KPMG during 2017, KPMG would have been prohibited from providing services amounting to less than
£300,000 pursuant to the new policy. The Statutory Audit
Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014 An external audit tender was conducted in 2015 and the decision was made to appoint KPMG as Barclays’ external auditor with effect from the 2017 financial year, with PwC resigning as the Barclays Group’s external auditor
at the conclusion of the 2016 audit. Barclays is in compliance
with the requirements of The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014, which relates to the frequency and governance of tenders
for the appointment of the external auditor and the setting of a policy on the provision of non-audit services. Provided that KPMG continue to maintain their independence and objectivity, and the Committee remains satisfied with their performance, the Barclays
Group has no intention of appointing an alternative external auditor before the end of the current required period of 10 years.
Governance in action – Audit
quality Although BIA, as the Barclays Group’s internal
auditor, and KPMG, as the Barclays Group’s external auditor, have primary responsibility for the quality of their respective audits, the Committee plays an important role in promoting and supporting audit quality through its various
responsibilities (as detailed in its terms of reference). The
Committee gains insight into the activities of BIA, and its effectiveness, in three ways. Firstly, BIA maintains a quality assurance and improvement programme that covers all aspects of BIA’s activity across the Barclays Group and which is
overseen by the Committee. In the event that any issues are identified in relation to BIA’s work for Barclays Bank UK PLC and/or Barclays Bank PLC, such issues will be reported to the relevant audit committee. Secondly, the independent Internal
Audit Quality Assurance team samples all of BIA’s work on an annual basis and presents its findings to the Committee. Thirdly, the Committee commissions an external assessment of BIA at least once every five years with the last such review
being undertaken during the second half of 2017. To the extent that the Committee is made aware of any development areas or issues, it endeavours to monitor the delivery of any remedial actions. The Committee oversees the Group’s relationship with its external
auditor and is responsible for reviewing the performance, independence and objectivity of the external auditor in order to decide whether to recommend to the Barclays PLC Board a proposal for shareholders to reappoint the current external auditor.
As part of that review, which is organised at a Barclays Group level, the views of the Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC audit committees are sought. In addition, this year, the Committee met with the nominated senior partner on the audit
team who has   responsibility for ensuring audit quality - without the Senior Statutory
Auditor – in order to receive a report on his assessment of audit quality. KPMG provided the Committee with a report regarding the draft findings from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board’s review of KPMG’s 2017 audit of
Barclays, and the findings of the FRC’s Audit Quality Review (AQR) team review of KPMG’s 2017 audit of Barclays were also shared with the Committee. The AQR team monitors the quality of the audit work of statutory auditors and audit firms
in the UK that audit certain entities, including banks such as Barclays. They conduct reviews of individual audits, and focus on the appropriateness of key audit judgments made in reaching the audit opinion and the sufficiency and appropriateness of
the audit evidence obtained; reviews of firm-wide procedures are wide-ranging in nature and include an assessment of how the culture within firms impacts on audit quality. The Committee believes that high quality audit is the primary mechanism for
providing stakeholders with assurance that the financial statements give a true and fair view of their company and, therefore, promotes market confidence in the company’s financial reports. For these reasons, the Committee continues to be an
advocate of high quality audit and keeps abreast of the debate as to whether audits, and auditors, are fit for purpose by regularly reviewing industry guidance from, for example, the FRC and the International Organization of Securities Commissions.
The Committee provided information in response to the request from the Competition & Markets Authority for its review into competition in the UK audit market – which will examine three main areas: choice, resilience and incentives
– and we look forward to reviewing the conclusions of that study.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 21


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Nominations Committee report


The Committee, alongside the Board, is very
alive to the benefits of diversity in order to avoid ‘group think’ and to ensure that the Board and senior management team more closely reflect the diversity of the communities they serve.
Dear Fellow Shareholders 2018 saw the establishment of our new corporate structure, and the embedding of the newly constituted Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC
boards comprising distinct combinations of executive and non-executive directors. Throughout this period of change, the Committee continued to consider regularly the composition of, and succession plans for,
the Barclays PLC Board in order to ensure the right balance of diversity, experience and skills to provide the strategic oversight needed to motivate colleagues and sustain our business over the long term. In this respect, we were pleased to appoint
Mary Anne Citrino as a non-executive Director in July 2018, the Committee having followed its usual approach of engaging an executive search firm and conducting a rigorous search and selection process. You can
find out more about Mary Anne’s background, experience and skills in her biography on page 6. We also look forward to welcoming Nigel Higgins, my successor, as Chairman with effect from the conclusion of the AGM on 2 May 2019. Nigel’s
appointment marks the culmination of an intensive recruitment process led by a sub-committee of the Board chaired by our Senior Independent Director, Crawford Gillies, and is made with the full approval and
support of the Nominations Committee. You can read more about Nigel’s recruitment and appointment in the ‘Governance in action’ section of the Board report on page 26. On 19 March 2018, we announced various Board changes to reflect the
post-ring-fencing structure: ◾ Sir Gerry Grimstone, who was Deputy Chairman and Senior Independent Director of Barclays PLC and Chair of the Barclays PLC Reputation Committee, moved
instead to become Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC. He remains a non-executive Director of Barclays PLC ◾ Sir Ian Cheshire was
appointed Chairman of Barclays Bank UK PLC. He remains a non-executive Director of Barclays PLC ◾ Crawford Gillies was
appointed Senior Independent Director of Barclays PLC ◾ Mary Francis was appointed
Chair of the Barclays PLC Reputation Committee Continuing on the
theme of succession, one of the Committee’s key considerations is the   processes for executive succession. During the year, we
closely monitored the status and progress of the Barclays Talent and Succession strategy - which is aimed at attracting and retaining the best talent for the Barclays Group - and provided management with guidance and input on the strategy, as
appropriate. The Committee also reviewed diversity in the talent pipeline and discussed ways in which high performing individuals within senior management can be developed and nurtured in order to strengthen our succession pipeline. The Committee was encouraged by Barclays’ ever increasing commitment to
diversity. The Committee, alongside the Board, is very alive to the benefits of diversity at board level and in senior management, both in terms of gender, ethnicity and more broadly, in order to avoid “group think” and to ensure that the
Board and the senior management team more closely reflect the diversity of the communities that they serve. In light of the Hampton Alexander and Parker Reviews, the Board Diversity Policy and Committee terms of reference were reviewed in order to
ensure that both documents reflect our commitment to identifying, attracting, retaining and promoting the best talent, irrespective of the gender, ethnic background, religion or other defining characteristic of any candidate. The Board Diversity
Policy and the Committee’s terms of reference are available at home.barclays/corporategovernance. In July 2016, Barclays was proud to become one of the first signatories to HM Treasury’s Women in Finance Charter and remains committed to its
pledge to improve gender diversity within the financial services sector. Work has continued towards our target of 33% female representation on the Board by 2020, not least, with the appointment of Mary Anne Citrino as a non-executive Director to the Board. The Committee also reviewed the Barclays Group’s progress towards building a diverse and inclusive workforce, including reviewing updates on progress made across the
Barclays Group against the five global pillars of Barclays Diversity and Inclusion strategy: gender, disability, LGBT, multicultural and multigenerational. Find out more about this in the People section on pages 47 to 52.   Committee performance The performance of the Committee was assessed by Independent Board Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy as part of
the annual effectiveness review. The results confirm that the Committee is performing effectively, and that the role and responsibilities of the Committee are clear and well understood. Last year’s review noted that the Committee needed to be
mindful of ensuring that all non-executive Directors received the same flow of information in relation to decisions and discussions by the Committee. The Committee sought to address this through the delivery
of updates by me, as Chair of the Nominations Committee, to the Board and outside of scheduled Board meetings, to the extent appropriate. This year’s review notes that this is something that now needs to be further built upon. More information
on the 2018 review of Board, Board Committee and individual Director effectiveness, and progress made against the findings of the 2017 review, can be found on page 25 and 26. Looking ahead Whilst it is always a difficult choice to retire from a company as prestigious as Barclays, I am delighted that the Board has appointed Nigel
Higgins to succeed me as Chairman. I have every confidence that Nigel will be a superb steward of both the Board and the bank as Barclays continues to progress following the substantial restructuring of the past few years. John McFarlane Chair, Board Nominations Committee 20 February 2019


22 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Committee allocation of time
(%)
2018   2017
1 Corporate governance matters   13   8
2 Board and Board Committee composition   41   45
3 Succession planning and talent   27   33
4 Board Effectiveness   11   11
5 Other   8   6

Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent
non-executive
 Directors. The members of the Committee are
John McFarlane, Mike Ashley, Tim Breedon, Sir Ian Cheshire, Crawford Gillies, Sir Gerry Grimstone, and Reuben Jeffrey III. You can find more details of the experience of Committee


members in their biographies on pages 5 and 6.

During 2018, the Committee met five
times and the chart shows how it allocated its time. Attendance by members at Committee meetings is shown below. Committee meetings were attended for the relevant agenda items by the Group Chief Executive, the Group HR Director and the Group Head of
Talent. The Global Head of Diversity and Inclusion also attended to the extent required.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to
attend


John McFarlane   5/5
Mike Ashley   5/5
Tim Breedon   5/5
Sir Ian Cheshire   5/5
Crawford Gillies   5/5
Sir Gerry Grimstone   5/5
Reuben Jeffery III   4/5

Committee role and responsibilities


The Committee is responsible for:


◾   supporting and advising the Board in ensuring that it is comprised of individuals who are best able to discharge the duties and responsibilities of Directors


◾   evaluating the balance of skills, experience,


independence, knowledge and diversity, on the Board


◾   ensuring that both appointments and succession plans are based on merit and objective criteria and, within this context, promoting diversity of gender, social and ethnic background, cognitive and
personal strengths


◾   agreeing the annual Board performance evaluation process and considering its effectiveness


◾   ensuring that the Board has appropriate corporate governance standards and practices in place and revising these in order to ensure that they are consistent with best practice


◾   appointing directors to, and removing directors from, the boards of certain significant subsidiaries of the Barclays Group (with the recommendation of the relevant nominations committee, and the
approval of the relevant board, where appropriate) and agreeing appropriate policies and processes to apply to the governance of those subsidiaries.


The Committee’s work
The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2018 are described on the following pages.
Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Board and Board Committee composition   The membership of
the Board, and the current and future composition of the Board and its Committees.   ◾ Reviewed the Board skills matrix and discussed the key skills and experience needed on the Board in the context of future strategic direction and
structural reform, including any areas requiring strengthening from a skills and succession perspective. ◾ Identified the
requirement for additional non-executive Directors with attributes including investment banking experience, retail banking experience and also digital / technology experience. ◾ Continued the search for an additional female non-executive Director with the relevant skill set. ◾ Played an important role in the search for the Chairman’s successor. ◾ Reviewed the
membership, size and composition of the Board Committees.   The Committee
prepared an appropriate individual specification for an additional non-executive Director and shared it with executive search firm, Egon Zehnder. Egon Zehnder was advised that, subject always to applying
rigorous, objective criteria, in the context of Barclays’ strategic direction and the diversity of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, cognitive and personal strengths, there was a preference for female candidates in light of the
Board’s diversity target of having 33% female representation on the Board by 2020. Egon Zehnder prepared a long-list of candidates (including references and CVs), which was reviewed by the Committee. A shortlist was prepared, and the candidates
were interviewed. Mary Anne Citrino was identified as the preferred candidate, and was appointed to the Board on 25 July 2018. The Committee continues its search for an additional female non-executive Director – preferably with
retail banking experience and digital/technology experience – to further promote diversity of gender on the Board. Any appointment made will be based on merit and, as mentioned above, objective criteria.
Board
composition of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC in preparation for the legal entity stand up on 1 April 2018 under the Structural Reform Programme   The composition of
the Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC boards.   ◾ Finalised the establishment of the boards of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, and discussed the suitability of potential candidates
identified to join those boards.   The Committee
finalised the appointments to the boards of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC ahead of the execution of structural reform. This included the appointment of Chairs to these Boards in Sir Ian Cheshire and Sir Gerry Grimstone respectively, and
taking the opportunity to appoint a dedicated Senior Independent Director within Barclays PLC in Crawford Gillies.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 23


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Nominations Committee report


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Executive succession planning and talent management   Succession planning and talent management at the Barclays Group Executive Committee level.   ◾ Reviewed the progress being made against Barclays’ Talent and Succession strategy, including monitoring diversity within the talent pipeline. ◾ Discussed updates from the Group HR Director on the Barclays Group Executive Committee succession plans, including assessing emergency cover, the existing talent pipeline
and any potential gaps. ◾ Considered individuals identified as potential Barclays Group Executive Committee successors and discussed next steps for their development. ◾ Assessed the succession plans for the most critical business unit and functional roles, and discussed how to develop the high performing individuals
identified.   The Committee reviewed the succession pipeline of the Barclays Group Executive Committee
and their direct reports. The Committee was encouraged that all Barclays Group Executive Committee roles had at least one female successor, and that 33% of the total successors identified were female. Barclays is committed to achieving 33% female
representation among the Barclays Group Executive Committee and their direct reports by 2020, and as at year-end 2018 we are reporting 28% female representation among this population. The Committee also discussed the continued use of ex officio posts to both
the Barclays Group Executive Committee and business executive committees to give senior individuals more exposure to Barclays Group matters. This serves to not only broaden the scope of perspectives within the relevant committee but also to develop
those individuals thus ensuring a healthy pool of potential candidates in the succession pipeline.
Diversity and Inclusion   Ensuring Barclays attracts and retains the best talent.   ◾ Reviewed the Barclays Group’s progress towards continuing to build a diverse and inclusive workforce.   The Committee received regular updates from the Global Head of Diversity and Inclusion on
progress made across the firm against the five global pillars of Barclays Diversity and Inclusion strategy: Gender, Disability, LGBT, Multicultural and Multigenerational. Whilst acknowledging that there is more to do, the Committee was pleased with
the progress that had been made. Further detail on this progress
can be found above under “Board and Board Committee Composition” and in the People section on pages 47 to 52.


In addition, the Committee also covered the following matters:


◾
  considered the results of,
and agreed the action plan in respect of, the 2017 Board effectiveness review and the process for the 2018 Board and Board Committee effectiveness review


◾
  monitored Directors’
conflicts of interests, and Directors’ induction and training

◾
  evaluated the outcomes of the assessment of the Committee’s performance and any areas of Committee performance that needed to be enhanced


◾
  reviewed the
Committee’s terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval

Appointment and
re-election
 of Directors

Board and Board Committee composition is a standing item
for consideration at each Committee meeting. This includes the consideration of potential new
non-executive
 Director appointments, both in respect of planned succession for known retirements and as a result of
the ongoing review of the skills and experience needed on the Board in order for it to continue to operate effectively.


The Committee frequently considers a skills


matrix for the Board, which identifies the core competencies, skills, diversity and experience required for the Board to deliver its strategic aims and govern the Barclays Group effectively.
Certain attributes identified in the skills matrix have a target weighting attached to them and these are regularly updated to reflect the needs of the Barclays Group. The Committee reviews the skills matrix when considering a potential new
appointment to the Board, as well as reviewing the current and expected Board and Board Committee composition. This helps to determine a timeline for proposed appointments to the Board.


To the extent that the Nominations Committee identifies any gaps in the Board’s profile – which may be a result of the forthcoming
retirement of a Director, or in response to changing market needs – that information is used to inform the search for a new Director or Directors and the specific skills that are required will be identified; for example, an individual with
international experience, or recent history serving on a particular board committee. The
Charter of Expectations
 contains the key competencies, skills and experience expected of
non-executive
 Directors,
and these, in addition to


other details such as expected time commitment, will be included in an individual specification. The Board and the Committee remain mindful of the targets set by the Hampton Alexander Review and
the Parker Review respectively for FTSE 100 companies to have a minimum of 33% female representation on their board by 2020 and at least one “person of colour” on their board by 2021. The Committee considers CVs and references for
potential candidates. Any candidates who are shortlisted will be interviewed by members of the Committee and, if applicable, key stakeholders and Barclays’ regulators may be asked to provide feedback on the proposed appointment. The Board is
updated on the progress of the recruitment and interview process, and any feedback from the interviews is provided to the Board alongside a recommendation for appointment.


During 2018, executive search firms Egon Zehnder and Spencer Stuart were instructed to assist with the search for a new female
non-executive
 Director and new Chairman, respectively. Neither firm has any other connection to Barclays, other than to provide recruitment services. Open advertising for Board positions was not used this year, as
the


24 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Committee believes that targeted recruitment is the optimal way of recruiting for such positions.
Both of the firms used for
non-executive
 Director recruitment have signed up to the Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms, which includes measures designed to improve gender diversity on boards.


In 2018, Barclays announced the appointment of Mary Anne Citrino as a
non-executive
 Director
with effect from 25 July 2018. Mary Anne has extensive board-level experience and brings strong commercial acumen, together with investment banking experience (see pages 6 and 323 for details of Mary Anne’s background, experience and
skills). In addition, Barclays announced the appointment of Nigel Higgins as John McFarlane’s successor. For more details about Nigel’s recruitment and appointment, please refer to the “Governance in action” section on page 26.


The Directors in office at the end of 2018 were subject to an effectiveness review, as described on page 26, which considered, among
other things, what specific contribution they made to the Company. Based on the results of this review, the Board accepted the view of the Committee that each Director proposed for election or
re-election

continues to be effective, and contributes to the Company’s long-term sustainable success, specific details of which can be found on page 26. Having served on the Board for nine years, Reuben Jeffery III and Dambisa Moyo will both retire from
the Board at this year’s AGM and will not, therefore, be standing for
re-election.


The
Committee noted certain stakeholder concerns with respect to the following Directors’ proposed
re-election
 at last year’s AGM:


◾   Sir Ian Cheshire’s time commitments. Since Sir Ian’s appointment in 2017, his time commitments have not been an issue. Sir Ian has been available as and when required by the Barclays
Group, and he attended 100% of scheduled and additional Board meetings in 2018 (some of which were often called on short notice). He is an effective Barclays PLC non-executive Director. Subsequent to the year
end, Sir Ian’s role as Chairman of Debenhams Plc came to an end.


◾   Crawford Gillies and the appointment of our former auditor, PwC, as external adviser to the Remuneration Committee. Prior to the appointment of KPMG as the Barclays Group’s external auditor on
31 March 2017 (formally approved at the 2017 AGM in May 2017), PwC was the Barclays Group’s external auditor. PwC was subsequently appointed as the independent adviser to the Remuneration Committee in October 2017, following a robust
tender process. The PwC team providing advice to the Committee is different to the past audit team, and the Committee is satisfied that the advice provided is independent and objective.


◾   Mike Ashley’s re-election as a non-executive Director following the appointment of KPMG as the Barclays
Group’s Auditor. The Committee confirms that although Mike was Chair of the Audit Committee at the relevant time, since he is a former KPMG partner he had no involvement in the audit tender process, the recommendation to the Board nor the
decision to appoint KPMG as the Barclays Group’s Auditor. The audit tender process was led by Tim Breedon.


◾   Tim Breedon has been a Director for over six years and, accordingly, his independence was subjected to a more rigorous review pursuant to the recommendations of The UK Corporate Governance Code
2016. Having considered Tim’s interests outside of the Barclays Group and other relationships which could materially affect his ability to exercise independent judgement, the Committee concluded that there were no circumstances which would
impact upon Tim’s ability to act in the best interests of Barclays PLC. The Committee remains satisfied that the length of Tim’s tenure has no impact on his level of independence, or the effectiveness of his contributions

In light of the recommendations set out in The UK Corporate Governance Code 2018, Barclays PLC introduced a new procedure,
with effect from 1 January 2019, requiring all Directors to request
pre-clearance
 prior to taking on any additional commitments, including but not limited to directorships, and to indicate in the
clearance request the likely time commitment involved. The Company Secretary maintains a record of each Director’s commitments. This new procedure will enable the Board to track individual Directors’ commitments in order to satisfy itself
that no Director is over-committed. With regard to new Director appointments, all potential candidates are asked to disclose their significant commitments, and to give an indication of the time spent on those commitments. This information is taken
into account by the Committee when considering proposed appointments on the basis that all Directors are expected to allocate sufficient time to their role on the Board in order to discharge their responsibilities effectively.


Review of Board, Board Committee and individual Director effectiveness


Process


In recent years, the
Board has assessed its effectiveness, and that of the Board Committees and the individual Directors, annually in a process facilitated by an independent third party. This has been driven by the Board’s belief that an effective board is key to
the delivery of a company’s strategy, and that an objective, external perspective helps to identify what is working well and priorities for improvement, and promotes open discussion, resulting in a more effective Board. A full external review
of the Barclays PLC Board, Board Committees and individual Directors was carried out during Q4 of 2018.

Independent Board Evaluation
(IBE), which is an independent, external corporate governance consultancy with no other


connection to the Barclays Group, was once again chosen to facilitate the effectiveness review on the basis that it offered not only the relevant skills but also prior knowledge of the Board and
thus the ability to provide more insightful feedback. Consistent with previous years, IBE carried out interviews with the Directors to obtain feedback on the effectiveness of the Board throughout 2018, and also attended several Board and Board
Committee meetings. Although not required by The Code, the boards of each of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC have also elected to engage IBE to evaluate them, in order to enhance their effectiveness and ensure that they are operating
optimally. This will, ultimately, provide the Barclays Group with a unique perspective as to the interaction of the boards and board committees of these companies, and the fitness for purpose of our new governance framework.


IBE issued their final report to the Board in December 2018 on the findings of the effectiveness review. In addition, the Chairman was provided with
a report and feedback on the performance of each of the Directors, and the Senior Independent Director received a report on the Chairman.


Following consideration of the findings of the 2018 Board and Board Committee effectiveness reviews, the Directors remain satisfied that the Board
and each of the Board Committees are operating effectively.

2017 findings of the Board effectiveness review and actions taken in
2018


Key findings of the 2017 Board effectiveness review, which was also facilitated by IBE, were that improving business
performance would need to be a particular focus for 2018 and that structural reform – particularly the need for clear accountability and delineated responsibilities in the new structure between the individual boards and board committees –
was regarded as a major challenge.

Following completion of structural reform, and the resolution of a number of significant legacy
litigation and conduct matters, the executive team has been able to apply even greater focus to improving the performance of the business in the course of 2018 and has done so effectively. In relation to the second finding, and as noted earlier, a
review of the governance processes across the Barclays Group was undertaken in order to ensure the effective operation of each of the boards and the respective board committees. In order to streamline governance processes, where appropriate, and
clarify relationships between and among management and Barclays PLC, as well as the individual boards and their respective committees, the Board has agreed a new set of governance operating procedures and protocols which are detailed in a
‘Corporate Governance Operating Manual’ (the Manual). The Manual is intended to promote efficient, effective and cohesive governance across the respective boards and board committees, and has been approved and adopted and is in the process
of being further embedded.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 25


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Nominations Committee report


2018 Board effectiveness review Feedback from the 2018 Board effectiveness review, facilitated by IBE, included that the execution of structural reform had gone
well, financial results were encouraging and legacy issues were being resolved satisfactorily. Board members commented that the Board was well supported, and papers and presentations had improved, and Directors induction was strong. The review
yielded a number of recommendations, a high level summary of which is set out below. The Board intends to take action to address each of these recommendations during the course of 2019. Recommendations: ◾ The Board is large relative to peers and the whole Board should be engaged in considering how the Board might be reduced in size to a more manageable level whilst having
careful regard to the board skills matrix and relevant role profiles, to diversity and to succession planning. ◾ The Board should ensure that
the company’s purpose and values are fully aligned with its culture and that all Directors lead by example and promote the desired culture. ◾ Enhanced training for Board
members and senior executives on UK corporate governance, in particular for those with limited “UK plc” experience, would be helpful, as would refresher training sessions and more opportunities for site visits. ◾ To enable the Board to spend more time on longer-term and strategic issues, a short set of annual objectives setting out what the Board and Board Committees need to achieve
would help to bring further focus on key issues in each forum, and will result in papers and meetings being more effective in terms of length and duration, respectively. The 2018 Board effectiveness review considered diversity
when assessing the effectiveness of the Board. Board Committee effectiveness The 2018 Board Committee effectiveness review was carried out by IBE. It was noted that this was the first review
post-structural reform. The process involved both interviews with the Board Committee members and completion of a questionnaire, following which an effectiveness review report of the findings was provided to the Board Chairman and each Board
Committee Chair. The conclusion of the Board Committee effectiveness review is that the Board Committees are working effectively. You can read more about the findings for each Board Committee within each Board Committee Chair’s
letter.   Governance in action – Recruiting and appointing a new Chairman
As a result of John McFarlane’s wish to serve for a maximum of four years on the Barclays PLC Board, and his anticipated
retirement in 2019, Barclays PLC needed to identify and recruit a new Chairman. Whilst the Nominations Committee would normally lead the process for the identification and recommendation of the Chairman’s successor, given the importance of the
role of Chairman, the Board was keen to involve all of the non-executive Directors in the recruitment process, rather than just those non-executive Directors who were
members of the Nominations Committee. The Board asked the Senior Independent Director, Crawford Gillies, to convene a group of non-executive Directors – the Chairman’s Appointment Oversight Committee
(CAOC) – to lead the search process for the Chairman’s successor, and to identify and recommend one or more candidates for consideration by the Chairman’s Appointment Committee (CAC). The CAOC, led by Crawford, comprised Tim Breedon,
Mary Francis, and Reuben Jeffery III. The CAC, also chaired by Crawford, comprised all of the non-executive Directors, apart from the Chairman himself. The CAC was responsible for considering the candidate or
candidates nominated by the CAOC, and for nominating and recommending a candidate for consideration and approval in principle by the Board, subject both to the relevant candidate being approved by the PRA and the FCA, and terms of appointment being
agreed between the candidate and Barclays PLC. Process It was agreed that
the main candidate attributes included excellent chairing skills, sufficient financial services experience such that the individual could “hit the ground running”, international exposure, experience of UK corporate governance, the ability
to think strategically, and willingness to challenge management. With these skills and attributes in mind, Spencer Stuart, an external search consultant, were engaged to support the search and selection process. Search Spencer Stuart conducted a rigorous global search and identified 160 potential candidates. Over time, and having sought the views of the Directors
– including John McFarlane – on the preferred type of candidate for the role, the long list was   reduced. The Nominations Committee and the Board were both provided with regular updates on the status of the search. Recruitment Following the initial interview process, Nigel Higgins emerged as the preferred candidate on the basis of: his extensive experience in, and
understanding of, banking and financial services, gained through a 36-year career at Rothschild; his strong track record in leading and chairing a range of organisations, and in acting as a strategic adviser
to multiple major corporations and Governments internationally; and his wealth of experience in the operation of a financial services group, in building teams and culture on an international scale, and in growing businesses. He also demonstrated the
strong personal qualities and the understanding of UK corporate governance required to be Chairman of Barclays PLC, including the stature, gravitas, resilience and willingness to challenge management and the rest of the Board, as and when
required. Having confirmed his interest in the role, Nigel
undertook a series of further interviews and met with each of Crawford, Tim, Mary, Reuben and the Group Chief Executive. As part of the process, the Remuneration Committee met to consider and approve the financial terms of the letter of appointment
to be entered into by Barclays PLC and Nigel. The Board held an additional meeting to specifically discuss the proposed appointment of Nigel as Chairman, and to allow Directors to share their feedback, and the feedback from external references, on
him. The Board granted full authority to the Nominations Committee to finalise and agree Nigel’s terms of appointment, and to undertake any further necessary actions required in respect of his appointment. Ultimately, Nigel’s appointment
was approved by the Board and announced on 2 November 2018. Nigel will join the Board as a non-executive Director of Barclays PLC on 1 March 2019, and will succeed John McFarlane as Chairman with
effect from the conclusion of this year’s AGM.


26 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Reputation Committee report


The Committee welcomed the launch of Barclays’ new Purpose, which emphasises that our financial services play an essential role in enabling individuals and businesses to
seize their opportunities.
Dear Fellow Shareholders This is my first report to you as Chair of the Board Reputation Committee. I took over from Sir Gerry Grimstone on 1 April
2018, when he was appointed Chair of Barclays Bank PLC. I would like to thank Sir Gerry for all he did during his two years as Chair of the Committee. We welcomed Mike Turner to the Committee on 11 January 2018. The Committee supports the Board in delivering its vision
of Barclays’ Purpose, Culture and Values, in reviewing the management of conduct and reputation risk, and in overseeing how Barclays meets its corporate and societal obligations. We do this through challenging the leaders of the business at all
levels, by examining data and indicators, and through ‘deep dives’ into specific areas of the bank. In 2018 the Committee encouraged management to ensure that its objectives for culture and standards of conduct were clearly
understood and embedded in each part of the bank. We welcomed the launch of Barclays’ new Purpose, which emphasises that our financial services play an essential role in enabling individuals and businesses to seize their opportunities. The
Purpose is underpinned by the Values of the organisation: respect, integrity, service, excellence and stewardship. At each of our meetings we reviewed the Culture Dashboard, which provides data on how far the Values are embedded in the
organisation’s actual behaviours and actions. The results showed a sustained and positive trend. The annual survey by the Banking Standards Board (BSB) of the culture in 26 member banks provides an important external lens to complement our
internal data. At our December 2018 meeting we discussed the results of their latest survey with Dame Colette Bowe and Alison Cottrell, Chair and CEO of the BSB. We were encouraged to hear that colleagues described Barclays as innovative and were
positive about our initiatives to strengthen wellbeing and gender diversity. The Committee agreed with the BSB’s comments on areas of focus – which were similar for Barclays’ peers – including the need for sensitive management of
changes associated with new technology and innovation, reducing organisation bureaucracy and improving employee working environments.   Oversight of conduct across the organisation is an essential part of our work. Barclays has a strong framework
of conduct risk controls, focussed on preventing harm to customers or markets, or any form of financial crime. The Committee received regular reports on compliance with this framework from the Chief Compliance Officer and the heads of the Financial
Crime team, Human Resources, Risk and Internal Audit. We reviewed at each meeting data from the Conduct and Complaints Dashboards and undertook ‘deep dives’ into actual or potential problem areas. Despite disappointments, such as the
problems arising with the introduction of our online investment service, Smart Investor, we welcomed the evidence of strengthening controls and positive trends in conduct breaches and disciplinary cases across the bank. Following the successful introduction of the dashboards over the past two
years, the Committee agreed that they should be developed further so that cultural and conduct indicators are brought more clearly together, are well suited to each individual business entity, and are sufficiently forward looking. Barclays UK,
Barclays International, and Barclays Execution Services have all been contributing to the review, and the revised Culture and Conduct dashboards will be an important underpin to our work in 2019. As our shareholders will know, Barclays has a strong and longstanding
commitment to managing the environmental and social impacts of our business, recognising that our success is closely linked to that of the communities in which we live and work. A recurring topic in our discussions has been climate change and the
challenges for business in balancing the need to maintain the supply of energy to support economic growth and prosperity while also meeting the goals of the Paris Accord. In 2018 we challenged and discussed with management Barclays’ approach to
financing businesses which operate in sectors that are sensitive because of their relative carbon intensity or local environmental impact. This has resulted in the publication of a policy statement on our approach to energy and climate change, as
well as statements on World Heritage Sites and Ramsar Wetlands, all of which can be found on our website. During 2018 the   Committee also encouraged management in its drive to identify and control reputational risk as clearly as it
does conduct risk. We approved a new reputation risk framework in October 2018. With important changes in the structure of the Barclays Group in 2018, the Committee reviewed the governance framework for oversight of conduct and reputation across the organisation. We were pleased that the Group Chief Executive
agreed to attend our meetings regularly at my invitation, so that we continue to focus on strong leadership of the culture and conduct of the Group as a whole. We have established effective relationships with the boards and committees of Barclays
Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC. We strengthened our interactions with the Risk Committee: it was particularly valuable to share the results of Strategic Risk Assessments by the operational risk team, with recommendations on improving the product
risk review and financial crime control processes. We maintained our close relationship with the Remuneration Committee, since performance incentives are integral to conduct and culture. Committee performance The performance of the Committee was assessed by Independent Board Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy as part of
the annual effectiveness review. The results confirm that the Committee is operating effectively, and note that it is thorough in its approach. Last year’s review suggested that further consideration needed to be given to the continued
oversight of Conduct and Reputation Risk matters post-structural reform. This is something that is being kept under review by the Committee, and we are considering inviting more business heads to present their views to the Committee in addition to
the presentations from function heads we currently receive. You can read more about the outcomes of the review of Board, Board Committee and individual Director effectiveness on page 26.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 27


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Reputation Committee report


Looking ahead


Finally, I would like to record my thanks to the Committee members, Group Chief Compliance Officer, Laura Padovani, and wider senior management for
their continued hard work. In 2019, the Committee looks forward to continuing its support of the Board in promoting its vision of Barclays’ purpose, values, culture and behaviours and of management in embedding the right Culture and Conduct
across the Barclays Group, and driving down Conduct and Reputation Risk.

Mary Francis


Chair, Board Reputation Committee


20 February 2019


Committee allocation of time (%)
2018   2017
1 Conduct and
compliance   41   36
2 Culture   19   20
3 Reputation
risk   16   14
4 Customer
satisfaction   13   14
5 Citizenship   11   16


Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent
non-executive
 Directors. The members of the Committee are
Mary Francis, Mike Ashley, Dambisa Moyo, and Mike Turner. Mike Turner joined the Board on 1 January 2018 and became a member of the Committee with effect from 11 January 2018. Sir Gerry Grimstone left the Committee on 1 April 2018
when he became Chair of Barclays Bank PLC. You can find more details of the experience of Committee members in their biographies on pages 5 and 6.

The Committee held five scheduled meetings during 2018 and the chart shows how it allocated its time. Attendance by members at Committee meetings is shown below. Committee meetings were attended by representatives from management,
including the Group Chief Executive, Group Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Internal Auditor, Group Chief Risk Officer, Group General Counsel, Group Chief of Staff, Group HR Director and the Group Head of Corporate Relations, as well as
representatives from the businesses and other functions. The lead audit partner of KPMG (the Barclays Group’s external auditor) attended all Committee meetings in 2018 – from January to July this was Guy Bainbridge; from August onwards
this was Michelle Hinchliffe. Representatives from the BSB also attended two meetings.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend*
Mary Francis   5/5
Mike Ashley   5/5
Sir Gerry Grimstone (to
1 April 2018)   2/2
Dambisa Moyo   5/5
Mike Turner   5/5

*  Including one combined meeting of the Risk Committee and the Reputation
Committee.


Committee role and responsibilities


The Committee is responsible for:


◾   supporting the Board in promoting its collective vision of Barclays’ purpose, values, culture and behaviours


◾   reviewing, on behalf of the Board, the management of Conduct and Reputation risk


◾   overseeing Barclays’ conduct in relation to its corporate and societal obligations, including setting the guidance, direction and policies for Barclays’ approach to customer and
regulatory matters and Barclays’ Citizenship Strategy, including advising the Board and management on these matters


◾   safeguarding the independence of and overseeing the performance of Barclays’ Compliance function, including the performance of the Group Chief Compliance Officer.


The Committee’s work


The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2018 are described on the following pages.


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Conduct
risk   Conducting robust
reviews of any current and emerging risks arising from the inappropriate provision of financial services   ◾ Discussed updates from management on conduct risk and considered performance against key conduct risk indicators, and the status of initiatives in
place to address those risks and further strengthen the culture of the business. ◾ Requested and
considered deep dive analyses on conduct risk, including on progress in developing intelligence- led initiatives to combat fraud. ◾ Received reports on
internal audit activities relating to conduct, including details of any unsatisfactory audit reports and remediation steps identified. ◾ Received updates on the
implementation of the revised Code of Conduct, The Barclays Way . ◾ Reviewed the Compliance
function’s annual compliance plan.   Management was
engaged in thorough discussion and challenge on the conduct risk dashboard, and alignment with the Culture Dashboard . The Committee was particularly pleased with the level of conduct risk insight received from the use of data analytic tools and from the deep dive
sessions. The Committee benefited from the presentation of
material conduct structured scenario assessments, described in the ‘Governance in action’ section of this report on page 30. The Committee challenged management to align analysis and control of conduct risk with that of other Principal Risks, such as Market and Credit
Risk, and approved the revised Conduct Risk Management Framework and the 2019 Annual Compliance Plan.


28 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Cultural
progress   Reviewing
management’s progress in embedding a values-based culture across the organisation   ◾ Debated Culture dashboards and the progress being made to embed cultural change across Barclays globally. ◾ Received regular updates on colleague engagement metrics and the results of employee Your View surveys. ◾ Received reports on internal audit activities relating to culture. ◾ Considered and
discussed with representatives of the Banking Standards Board the results of their 2017 and 2018 Annual Reviews of Barclays and received periodic updates from management detailing follow up against the 2017 key findings. ◾ Received information on management’s initiatives to improve colleague well-being and resilience, including actively encouraging employees to work dynamically and
bolstering the supportive environment in which colleagues feel able to talk about the impacts of stress and mental health concerns.   Following the
Committee’s challenge to improve the use of the Culture Dashboard , it was satisfied with management’s progress to evolve and align the culture dashboards with the conduct dashboards Through consideration of the Your View results in each quarter, the
Committee was encouraged by the high colleague engagement scores achieved throughout 2018 and especially in response to launch of the new Purpose, and by improvements made to the perception of colleagues’ working environments, and in reducing
bureaucracy. The Committee appreciated management’s acknowledgement that further improvement is still required in these areas and of the need to continue to embed and instil the desired culture Group-wide, and was supportive of the work
undertaken by the Group Chief Executive to continue to drive the desired culture across the Barclays Group. The Committee regularly discussed the importance of an open and honest culture in which colleagues feel able to speak up and raise
concerns.
Reputation and
brand   Ensuring that
Reputation risks and issues are identified and managed appropriately.   ◾ Reviewed at each meeting key significant and emerging Reputation risks facing Barclays, receiving specific information on business action to address
those issues and the outcomes of horizon scanning. ◾ Regularly evaluated the
measures being taken to understand external perceptions of the Bank, including 2018 YouGov Reputation Research. ◾ Considered whether the
process for identifying, managing and overseeing reputation risk was functioning effectively. ◾ Reviewed the refreshed
Reputation Risk Management Framework.   The Committee
achieved greater oversight from enhanced Reputation risk reports, and minutes of meetings of Risk Committees of major subsidiaries. The Committee held significant discussion on and challenged management to, enhance the Reputation Risk framework to better align it to other
Principal Risks Frameworks, and approved the refreshed Reputation Risk Management Framework.
Customer
satisfaction   Ensuring fair
outcomes for customers by monitoring complaints volumes, the standard and quality of complaints handling processes, root cause analysis of complaints, and other relevant metrics.   ◾ Received bi-annual updates on complaints and challenged the performance against key indicators. ◾ Considered the quality of the processes in place to address and resolve customer complaints. ◾ Monitored trends in the underlying causes of complaints and considered forward looking analysis to identify events (both industry-wide and Barclays-specific) which could
influence the volume and timings of complaints.   The Committee was
pleased to see a general downward trend (excluding PPI) in the overall number of complaints received by Barclays during 2018. Management was challenged to make, and made, steady progress in refining and aligning complaints management and reporting and the Committee noted
that and that further improvement was required.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 29


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Reputation Committee report


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Environmental and social matters, including Citizenship   Monitoring progress
against Barclays Citizenship plan and considering and approving the approach to future Citizenship strategy. Overseeing Barclays’ commitment to managing its impact on broader society, including conduct in relation to corporate and societal
obligations.   ◾ Received and considered the bi-annual summary Citizenship dashboards, assessing status updates on the Shared
Growth Ambition as the plan drew to an end. ◾ Reviewed Barclays’ ratings and relative peer ranking in external ESG benchmarks and tracked external perceptions on Citizenship through
stakeholder and media analysis. ◾ Reviewed updates at each meeting on reputation risk considerations of sensitive sector engagement.   The Committee was
pleased with the strong successes created by Shared Growth Ambition (2016-2018) and it approved management’s approach to evolving Barclays’ Citizenship strategy for 2019, and supported the extension of our community investment initiatives
(LifeSkills, Connect with Work and Unreasonable Impact) and ensuring that our public commitments are clear. The Committee recognised the need for greater clarity in Barclays’ public social and environmental commitments and challenged management to
assess and improve communication on Barclays’ positioning. The Committee approved the policy statements on Coal, World Heritage Sites and Ramsar Wetlands, published in April 2018 and the comprehensive Energy and Climate Change Statement
published in January 2019.


In addition, the Committee also covered the following matters: ◾ received and reviewed minutes of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC risk committee meetings ◾ received a report on management’s annual review of the effectiveness of compliance with the Volcker Rule (restrictions on proprietary trading and certain fund
investments by banks operating in the US) ◾ received a report from management on Barclays’ Swap Dealer Annual Compliance Report ◾ evaluated the outcomes of the assessment of the Committee’s performance and any areas of Committee performance that needed to be enhanced ◾ reviewed and updated its terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval.   Governance in action – Structured Scenario Assessments
Structured Scenario Assessments (SSAs)
were developed by the Barclays Group Operational Risk Team. They use scenario analysis to explore the risks in extreme but plausible situations. The results provide the opportunity to understand, assess and manage tail risk as well as contributing
to calculations of capital requirements and risk tolerance across the Barclays Group. The SSAs covering operational risk highlight that instances of misconduct - especially arising from mistreatment of customers and markets, and financial crime -
are among the most significant tail risks facing most banks today. The Committee has had sight of all prescribed scenario topics used in the SSAs, and it requested presentations on a number of those which are
conduct focused. At its meetings in June, October, and December, the Committee received presentations on:   ◾ Operational Risk:
Conduct Capital Allocation ◾ Retail
Mis-selling ◾ Financial Crime The Committee gained valuable insights from these presentations on the drivers of past cases of misconduct in the banking sector, and ways of
strengthening controls to guard against extreme risks in the future, for instance through enhanced product review processes. It is very supportive of the use of SSAs by the business, and the level of technical insight of conduct-related risks they
bring to the Committee. They provide an opportunity for the Committee to independently challenge and explore the topics, methodology and results. The Committee will continue to receive presentations on the material conduct-related SSAs during
2019.


30 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Risk Committee report


One of the key roles of the Committee is to review and challenge the risk appetite of the bank: its ability to earn an appropriate return while being
able to withstand shocks.


Dear Fellow Shareholders During 2018, the Committee continued to pay careful attention to the potential impact of macro-economic developments and market
volatility on the risk profile of the bank. As in 2017, these issues remain challenging and we continue to work with management to position the bank conservatively to deal with political and economic uncertainty. In particular, the Committee has
closely examined the impact of uncertainty stemming from the process of UK withdrawal from the European Union (EU), as well as the broader global political and economic landscape. In addition, it has reviewed the operational risk profile of the
bank, and its resilience to internal and external threats. Themes that the committee evaluated in 2018 included UK corporate and consumer credit risk, in particular in the context of uncertainty created as a result of the possibility of a disorderly
UK withdrawal from the EU – in this context the Committee is also monitoring operational resilience in relation to leaving the EU without reaching an agreement, considering issues of operational and broader business continuity. Other key risks
that the committee is monitoring with potential for wider contagion include those related to increased market volatility and the impact of a Chinese slowdown, although direct exposure to the latter is limited and of high quality. The Committee also
considered updates on risk themes related to US Consumer Credit and European peripheral and redenomination risk, as well as operational risks related to cyber security. These risks are actively monitored and managed and the Committee maintains
regular oversight of the risk profile and actions taken. Credit risk management in 2018 was particularly focused on maintenance of the defensive positioning of our UK portfolios, continuing the approach which has been pursued since the UK Referendum on leaving the EU in June 2016.
Following a high profile single-name corporate failure in 2017, the Committee also received a detailed analysis from management on ‘Tall Tree’ exposures in the Corporate bank, both in the UK and US, to understand the portfolio composition,
governance and approval processes, as well as key risks and mitigants. The Committee was satisfied that the portfolio was operating satisfactorily within   established limits but encouraged management to maintain a high level of vigilance. In addition, based on concerns of a US
economic slowdown and wider global trade shocks affecting global growth, the Committee also reviewed with management the Barclays Group’s Leveraged Finance portfolio exposure, which was split between direct (portfolio holds) and indirect
(underwriting) risk. In terms of consumer credit, debt levels had continued to rise both in the UK and US. However, a steady transition to a higher quality book together with management’s conservative approach to lending continued the good
progress of previous years to strengthen the Barclays Group’s credit risk profile across the consumer portfolio. This continued focus on book quality is evidenced by a significant reduction in impairment for the year. In relation to risk-taking in the Investment Bank, the Committee monitored
the progress across a number of initiatives, and noted that growth had been appropriately controlled in line with stated intentions, and adequate controls through risk frameworks and second-line oversight were in place. During the year, the Committee continued to monitor the progress being made
by management in the identification, assessment and management of operational risk. An essential component is improvement in the Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSAs). These are now derived from a process-based approach which will enable
management to better identify and manage operational risks. In addition, the Committee was pleased to see progress in the implementation of Structured Scenario Assessments (SSAs). These are used to evaluate operational risk arising from more
extreme, but plausible situations. The Committee was able to review outputs from the SSAs related to Critical Application Disruption and Large Scale Data Disruption, both of which are key areas of regulatory focus in relation to operational
resilience. The Committee also evaluated Barclays approach to the
management of cyber risk, receiving a briefing on the current cyber threat landscape and Barclays strategy and capability for responding to the threat. This included a detailed briefing on the build-out of transformational improvements to
Barclays   security programme. This work, which is scheduled to complete by 2019, includes a range of actions designed to enable more
accurate prediction of cyberattacks and increase the speed of detection of cyber events. One of the key roles of the Committee is to recommend to the Board the overall risk appetite of the bank: its ability to earn an appropriate return
while being able to withstand shocks in the market and economic environment. In this context, as well as reviewing internal stress tests, the Committee monitors closely the assessment of Barclays PLC’s performance under a variety of regulatory
stress tests including those conducted by the US Federal Reserve (CCAR) and the Bank of England (BoE) – in each case meeting the appropriate minimum capital requirments – and the biennial European Banking Authority (EBA) stress
test. Given the high level of reliance on model outputs in
supporting our stress tests, the Committee continued to evaluate progress made in the improvement of model risk management in the
Barclays Group. While recognising that there is further work to do, the Committee is pleased that substantial progress was made through 2018 as evidenced by an increasingly stable model inventory and further improvements in documentation and
control. In late 2017, the Committee commissioned an external
third party assessment of the Risk function, which was delivered in 2018. The review concluded that the function meets regulatory
expectations, is meeting or exceeding industry standards, evidences effective and independent oversight with good evidence of challenge, with strong stewardship and technical competence. The Committee encouraged management to develop action plans to
address the areas highlighted in the assessment where evolution of regulatory expectations or best practice will require focus in 2019 and these plans will be monitored by the Committee.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 31


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Risk Committee report


Committee performance


The Committee’s performance during 2018

was assessed by Independent Board

Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy as part of the
annual

effectiveness review. The results show that the Committee’s work is regarded as clear,


systematic and thorough, and the Board takes

assurance from the quality of the Committee’s

work. Last year’s review highlighted the need


to ensure that the way in which the Committee

works with the Audit Committee and the

Reputation Committee continues to capture all


significant issues effectively while minimising

any overlap. To address this, the Committee

sought to ensure that it continued to work


closely with the other Board Committees

during 2018 and the results of the review note

good co-ordination with the Audit Committee,


in particular. The results indicate that, in 2019,

it may be helpful to consider areas where the

work of the Committee could be further


streamlined in conjunction with the risk

committees of Barclays Bank UK PLC and

Barclays Bank PLC.


You can read more about the outcomes of the

review of Board, Board Committee and individual Director effectiveness on page 26.

Looking ahead


In 2019, the Committee will continue to focus

on the impact of the external environment on

the risk profile of the bank, particularly as the


position in relation to the UK withdrawal from

the EU becomes clearer. Following the

feedback from the independent Board


evaluation, we will also consider opportunities

to optimise activities with the risk committees

of Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank


PLC. Finally, the committee will continue to

evaluate progress made by the Risk function in further developing its capabilities and impact.

Tim Breedon


Chair, Board Risk Committee

20 February 2019


Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is comprised solely of


independent non-executive Directors. You

can find more details of the experience of

Committee members in their biographies on pages 5 and 6.


Committee allocation of time
(%)
2018   2017
1 Risk
profile/risk appetite (including capital and liquidity management)   56   53
2 Key risk issues   26   26
3 Internal control/risk policies   9   12
4 Other (including remuneration and governance issues)   9   9
*  Based on scheduled meetings

During 2018, the Committee met nine times,


and the chart above shows how it allocated

its time. Two of the meetings were held at

Barclays’ New York offices. Committee


meetings were attended by representatives

from management, including the Group Chief

Executive, Group Finance Director, Group


Chief Internal Auditor, Group Chief Risk

Officer, Group Treasurer and Group General

Counsel, as well as representatives from the


businesses and other representatives from

the Risk function. The lead audit partner of KPMG (the Barclays Group’s external auditor)

attended all Committee
meetings in 2018 –

from January to July this was Guy Bainbridge;


from August onwards this was Michelle Hinchliffe.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Tim Breedon   9/9
Mike Ashley   9/9
Mary Anne Citrino (from 1 November 2018)   2/2
Reuben Jeffery III   8/9
Matthew Lester   9/9
Diane Schueneman   9/9


*   Including one combined meeting of the Risk Committee and the Reputation Committee


Committee role and responsibilities


The Committee is responsible for:


◾   recommending to the Board the Barclays Group’s risk appetite for financial, operational and legal risk


◾   monitoring financial, operational and legal risk appetite, including setting limits for individual types of risk, e.g. credit, market and funding risk


◾   monitoring the Barclays Group’s financial, operational and legal risk profile


◾   commissioning, receiving and considering reports on key financial operational and legal risk issues


◾   providing input from a financial and operational risk perspective to the Remuneration Committee to assist in its deliberations relating to incentive packages.


32 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The Committee’s work


The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2018 are described on the following pages.


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Risk appetite and stress testing i.e. the level of risk the Barclays Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives, including testing whether the Barclays Group’s
financial position and risk profile provide sufficient resilience to withstand the impact of severe economic stress.   The risk context to Medium Term Plan (MTP), the financial parameters and constraints and mandate and scale limits for specific business risk
exposures; the Barclays Group’s internal stress testing exercises, including scenario selection and financial constraints, stress testing themes and the results and implications of stress tests, including those run by the Bank of England (BoE)
and the European Banking Authority (EBA).   ◾ To discuss and agree stress loss and mandate and scale limits, for Credit Risk, Market Risk and Treasury and Capital risk. ◾ To evaluate the BoE annual cyclical stress test results, and the results of a stress test under the EBA biennial stress test submission. ◾ Considered and approve internal stress test themes and the financial constraints and scenarios for stress testing risk appetite for the MTP. ◾ To consider the Federal Reserve Board’s feedback of the US Intermediary Holding Company’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) following the
submission of the CCAR stress test results.   The Committee reviewed proposed enhancements to the Barclays Group’s stress testing
processes which are designed to improve capabilities in this area. The Committee reviewed and approved, for recommendation to the Board, the financial results of the MTP internal stress test exercise on the basis
that Barclays remained within the Barclays Group’s Risk Appetite. The Committee requested and received an overview of the stress testing principles and objectives which served to provide a helpful framework for the review of the stress test results submissions to the BoE and EBA. The Committee approved the 2018 annual stress test results for submission to
the BoE, including a range of strategic management actions, in addition to the standard BAU management actions designed to mitigate risk impacts. Similarly, the Committee approved the results of the stress test under the biennial EBA stress test submission.
Capital and
funding i.e. having sufficient capital and financial resources to meet the Barclays Group’s regulatory requirements and
its obligations as they fall due, to maintain its credit rating, to support growth and strategic options.   The trajectory to achieving required regulatory and internal targets and capital and leverage ratios.   ◾ To review on a regular basis, capital performance against plan, tracking the capital trajectory, any challenges and opportunities and regulatory policy
developments. ◾ To assess on a regular basis liquidity performance against both internal and regulatory requirements. ◾ To monitor capital and funding requirements.   The Committee examined and supported the forecast capital and funding trajectory and the
actions identified by management to manage the Barclays Group’s capital position. The Committee considered and approved the Barclays Group capital adequacy assessment together with the methodologies and results of the reverse stress testing for submission of the 2018 Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(ICAAP) as well as the Barclays Group’s 2018 Individual Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP). Approvals included, for the first time, assessments for Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC on an individual basis, as required by the
Regulator. The Committee also considered and discussed feedback
from the Regulator in relation to the ICAAP submission and requested management to provide regular updates on planned improvements to the ICAAP process in response to the feedback.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 33


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Risk Committee report


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Political and economic risk i.e. the impact on the Barclays Group’s risk profile of political and economic developments and macroeconomic conditions.   The potential impact on the Barclays Group’s risk profile of geopolitical developments, as well as continuing to monitor the potential political and economic impact
of Brexit scenarios   ◾ To review and discuss plans for the impacts of Brexit under various withdrawal scenarios. ◾ To consider trends in
the UK and US economies, including the impact of rate rises. ◾ To assess the
transmission effects of a Chinese economic slowdown/ trade war metrics arising from its influence on the world economy. ◾ To review exposures to
Emerging Markets as a result of volatility in these markets arising from the impact of global political and economic events   In relation to the potential risk impacts of Brexit, considerations were escalated to
include operational resilience to the impact risk of an exit with no agreement in place. Other key material risk themes kept under review by the Committee included stress in US consumer credit and stress in UK property. A new theme of Italian peripheral and redenomination risk was added as a key
risk theme. The Committee directed management to apply additional
focus to monitoring evidence of rising global leverage, credit cycle and geopolitical risks.
Credit risk i.e. the potential for financial loss if customers fail to fulfil their contractual obligations.   Conditions in the UK housing market, particularly in London and the South East; levels of UK consumer indebtedness, particularly in the context of the risk of inflation
and negative real wage growth; and the performance of the UK and US Cards businesses, including levels of impairment.   ◾ To assess conditions in the UK property market and monitor signs of stress. ◾ To monitor how
management was tracking and responding to persistent rising levels of consumer indebtedness, particularly unsecured credit in both the UK and US. ◾ To review Leveraged
Finance portfolios in order to assess these were within risk appetite and manageable limits. ◾ To review business
development activities in the Corporate and Investment Bank.   The Committee reiterated to management the need to ensure appropriate credit selection and
discipline when selecting business, and the importance of consumer profiling to achieve better risk selection. The Committee encouraged management to continue with its conservative approach to UK lending and supported pre-emptive measures to de-risk the UK
Cards portfolio to guard against any downturn in the UK economy.
Operational risk i.e. costs arising from human factors, inadequate processes and systems or external events.   The Barclays Group’s operational risk capital requirements and any material changes to the Barclays Group’s operational risk profile and performance of specific
operational risks against agreed risk appetite.   ◾ To track operational risk key indicators. ◾ To consider specific
areas of operational risks, including fraud, conduct risk, cyber risk, execution risk, technology and data, including the controls that had been put in place for managing and avoiding such risks. ◾ To review Barclays’ approach to scenario analyses as a risk management tool and assess a range of Structured Scenario Assessments which had been created to support
assessments and management of tail risk within the business, stress testing and risk tolerance.   The Committee focused its attention on the financial and capital impacts of operational
risk. In relation to cyber risk, the Committee received an update on the transformational improvements to Barclays’ security posture and associated controls in this area and endorsed management plans to remediate and implement new controls
designed to enable more accurate prediction of cyberattacks and increase speed of detection of cyber events in order to minimise impact on Barclays and client/ customers. In relation to Fraud and Transaction Operation risks, the Committee requested
and assessed a report on Barclays’ fraud capabilities to reduce losses in these areas. The Committee approved the 2018 Operational Risk Tolerance Statement, which proposed a higher tolerance of operational risks, provided these have a
‘Risk Reduction Plan’ based on approved control improvements. The Committee reviewed and approved two ‘material outsourcing’ programmes which supported the roll-out of Barclays Cloud outsourcing.


34 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Model risk i.e. the risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and
reports.   Model risk governance.   ◾ To evaluate the appropriateness of the Barclays’ Model Risk Management framework, and monitor progress on the implementation of an enhanced modelling framework,
including receiving updates on findings in relation to specific modelling processes.   The Committee reviewed and approved the Model Risk Framework and Tolerance
Statement. The Committee maintained oversight of Model risk and in
particular monitored planned improvements to Barclays’ Model Risk Management framework and ongoing upgrade plans. This included reviewing and assessing Barclays’ material alignment with the PRA Supervisory Statement on stress test models.
The Committee agreed an approach towards other Large Model Frameworks such as ICAAP, ILAAP and stress testing and monitored progress to ensure that the scope of Model Risk Management (MRM) implementation was expanded to bring into governance
non-modelled methods used in other Large Model Frameworks. The Committee urged management to focus on remediation of models used in financial planning and stress testing where these were currently non-compliant with the regulator’s
guidance. In relation to progress with MRM implementation, the
Committee observed progress with validation of Tier 1 (material) models which had been documented under new enhanced standards, as well as the documentation of Tier 2 and Tier 3 models. The Committee also maintained oversight of the models used in the CCAR 2018
submission to ensure these were materially brought into governance by management. The substantive completion of this exercise was believed to have been a significant factor in the positive CCAR result.
Risk framework and governance   The frameworks, policies and talent and tools in place to support effective risk management and oversight.   ◾ To track the progress of significant risk management projects, including progress on achieving compliance with the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision (BCBS239) risk
data aggregation principles and reviewed the results of the 2017 Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) process across the Barclays Group together with an update on the approach to the 2018 RCSA process. ◾ To assess risk management matters raised by Barclays’ regulators and the actions being taken by management to respond. ◾ To review the design of the Barclays Group’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF).   The Committee assessed during the year the Barclays Group’s risk management
capability in the form of an independent assessment of the design and effectiveness of the Risk function. The Committee discussed and approved an annual refresh of the Principal Risk Frameworks under the remit of the Committee. The annual update to the ERMF was also approved by the
Committee.
Remuneration   The scope of any risk adjustments to be taken into account by the Board Remuneration Committee when making remuneration decisions for 2018.   ◾ To debate the Risk function’s view of performance, making a recommendation to the Board Remuneration Committee on the financial and operational risk factors to be
taken into account in remuneration decisions for 2018.   The Committee discussed the report of the Chief Risk Officer and considered the proposal put forward in relation to the impact of relevant risk factors in determining
2018 remuneration.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 35


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2018

Board
Risk Committee report


In addition, the Committee also covered the following matters in
2018: ◾ reviewed and assessed Barclays’ liquidity pool investment portfolio from a perspective of the limit framework defined by Risk ◾ considered and approved a large non- investment grade transaction underwriting commitment on the basis of exposure within distribution activity limits ◾ considered detailed report of ‘Tall Trees’ exposure in Corporate lending and Leveraged Finance portfolios ◾ considered detailed reports in relation to growth opportunities in the Investment Bank from a risk/activities perspective ◾ considered a report on the effectiveness of the Committee and any areas of the Committee’s performance that could be improved ◾ reviewed and updated its terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval.   Governance in action – Risk of the UK’s planned departure from the EU
A key focus of the committee in 2018 was the continued oversight of management’s actions to respond to the
political and economic uncertainty following the UK’s decision to leave the EU, above and beyond the Group’s intention to continue to serve its customers in the EU through expansion of its banking licence in Ireland. The Committee’s
oversight has evolved as the final date for the UK exit from the EU comes closer, and is summarised below: ◾ Throughout the year,
management continued to update the committee on management of UK portfolio risks consistent with the cautious approach recommended in the light of political and economic uncertainty. Relevant risk themes were also monitored by the committee in
considering the evolution of the risk profile, in particular those related to UK consumer and corporate risk, UK property price stress and the UK retail sector. ◾ As the potential for a
disorderly exit from the EU increased, the Committee encouraged management to further intensify scrutiny over those sectors of the economy most likely to be adversely impacted and received reports highlighting management actions to proactively
address these risks.   ◾ In addition, to provide increased focus on issues of operational resilience associated with a disorderly Brexit, a ‘war room’ was established by senior
management to identify those risks which were most pertinent to continuity of business, and the committee has reviewed and discussed the key risks highlighted and management’s risk mitigation approach. The risks considered by the Committee
include operational, legal, people, liquidity and capital related risks. ◾ Finally, as the UK
parliamentary process nears its conclusion, the Committee has received updates from management as to its monitoring of expected market volatility with additional oversight established to review and assess market behaviour, risk exposure, and
operational impacts in the event of abnormal volatility and transaction volumes.


36 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Leadership


Role of the Board

As
highlighted earlier in this report, the Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the highest standards of corporate governance in the Barclays Group. We act in a way that we consider promotes the success of Barclays for the benefit of
shareholders as a whole, and are accountable to the shareholders for creating and delivering sustainable value. We are responsible for the overall leadership of the Barclays Group, including establishing its purpose, values and strategy, and
satisfying ourselves as to the alignment of Barclays’ culture to its purpose, values and strategy. In 2018, the Board approved a new common purpose for the Barclays Group – Creating Opportunities to Rise – which reflects
Barclays’ entrepreneurial spirit, relentless quest for better, customer and client centricity, and our commitments to society at large and to our colleagues.


The Board is also responsible for ensuring that management maintains a sound system of audit, risk management, compliance and internal control.


For further information about the role of the Board and its responsibilities, together with the Board governance framework, please see
page 8 and 9.


The Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the highest standards of corporate governance in
the Barclays Group

Roles on the Board

Executive and
non-executive
 Directors share the same duties and are subject to the same constraints. However, in line with the principles of The Code, a clear division of responsibilities has
been established. The Chairman is responsible for leading and managing the work of the Board, while responsibility for the
day-to-day
 management of Barclays has been
delegated to the Group Chief Executive. The Group Chief Executive is supported in this role by the Barclays Group Executive Committee. Further information on membership of the Barclays Group Executive Committee can be found on page 7.


As a Board we have set out our expectations of each Director in Barclays’
Charter of Expectations.
 This includes role profiles and the
behaviours and competencies required for each role on the Board, namely the Chairman, Deputy Chairman (to the extent one is required), Senior Independent Director,
non-executive
 Directors, executive Directors
and Committee Chairs. Pursuant to the
Charter of Expectations,

non-executive
 Directors provide effective oversight, strategic guidance and constructive challenge, examine proposals on strategy and
empower the executive Directors to implement the strategy approved by the Board, whilst holding the executive Directors to account. The Senior Independent Director provides a sounding board for the Chairman, acts as an intermediary for the other
Directors when necessary and is available to shareholders if they have concerns that have not been addressed through the normal channels.


The
Charter of Expectations
 is reviewed annually to ensure it remains relevant, and was
recently updated to reflect our new corporate structure, the requirements of The New Code and The Regulations, and industry best practice. A copy of the
Charter of Expectations
 can be found at
home.barclays/ corporategovernance
.


Attendance

As
members of the Board of Directors we are expected to attend every Board meeting. In 2018, we attended both scheduled and additional Board meetings (which were often called on short notice) and attendance was very strong, as recorded in the table
below. The Chairman met privately with the
non-executive
 Directors ahead of each scheduled Board meeting and if, owing to exceptional circumstances, a Director was not able to attend a Board meeting he or she
ensured that their views were made known to the Chairman in advance of the meeting.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 37


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Board attendance   Independent   Scheduled meetings eligible to attend   Scheduled meetings attended   % attendance   Additional meetings eligible to attend   Additional meetings attended
Chairman
John McFarlane   On appointment*   15   15   100   6   6
Executive Directors
Tushar Morzaria   Executive Director   15   15   100   4   4
Jes Staley   Executive Director   15   15   100   4   4
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   Independent   15   15   100   5   5
Tim Breedon CBE   Independent   15   15   100   6   5
Sir Ian Cheshire   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Mary Anne Citrino   Independent   8   8   100   2   2
Mary Francis CBE   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Crawford Gillies   Senior Independent Director   15   15   100   6   6
Sir Gerry Grimstone   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Reuben Jeffery III   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Matthew Lester   Independent   15   15   100   6   5
Dambisa Moyo   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Diane Schueneman   Independent   15   15   100   6   4
Mike Turner CBE   Independent   15   15   100   6   6
Secretary
Stephen Shapiro   15   15   100   6   6

* As required by The Code, the Chairman was independent on appointment.


Effectiveness


Composition of the Board

In
line with the requirements of The Code, a majority of the Board are independent
non-executive
 Directors. The Board currently comprises a Chairman, who was independent on appointment (as required by The Code),
two executive Directors and twelve
non-executive
 Directors. We consider the independence of our
non-executive
 Directors annually, using the independence criteria set out
in The Code and by reviewing performance against behaviours that we have identified as essential in order to be considered independent. As part of this process, the Board keeps under review the length of tenure of all Directors, which is a factor
that is considered as part of its deliberations when determining the independence of our
non-executive
 Directors.


In accordance with the
recommendations of The Code, the independence of Tim Breedon, Reuben Jeffery III and Dambisa Moyo – all of whom have served on the Board for more than six years – was subjected to a more rigorous review. The Board remains satisfied that
the lengths of their tenure have no impact on their respective levels of independence or the effectiveness of their contributions.

All
appointments to the Board are based on merit and objective criteria, in the context of the strategy of the Barclays Group and the diversity of gender, social and ethnic backgrounds, cognitive and personal strengths, as well as skills, knowledge and
experience required for the Board to be effective. Appointments are made following a formal, rigorous and transparent process.


Diversity across the Barclays
Group, remains a key area of focus. The Barclays Group recognises and embraces the benefits of a diverse Board, and sees diversity at Board level as an essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage. The Nominations Committee regularly
reviews the composition of the Board and the Board Committees. It frequently considers a skills matrix for the Board, which identifies the core competencies, skills, diversity and experience required for the Board to deliver its strategic aims and
govern the Barclays Group effectively. Certain attributes identified in the skills matrix have a target weighting attached to them and these are regularly updated to reflect the needs of the Barclays Group. The size of the Board is not fixed and may
be revised from time to time to reflect the changing needs of the


38 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


business. The Committee reviews the skills matrix when considering a potential new appointment to the
Board, as well as reviewing the current and expected Board and Board Committee composition. This helps to determine a timeline for proposed appointments to the Board.


To the extent that the Nominations Committee identifies any gaps in the Board’s profile – which may be a result of the forthcoming
retirement of a Director, or in response to changing market needs – that information is used to inform the search for a new Director or Directors. For example, as at the date of this report, there are four female Directors (27%) against a
target of having 33% female representation on the Board by 2020, to which we remain committed.

Directors are subject to election or
re-election
 each year by shareholders at the AGM.

Having served on the Board for nine years, Reuben
Jeffery III and Dambisa Moyo will both be retiring from the Board at this year’s AGM and will not, therefore, be standing for
re-election.


In recent years, the Board has assessed its effectiveness, and that of the Board Committees and the individual Directors, annually in a process
facilitated by an independent third party. This has been driven by the Board’s belief that an effective board is key to the delivery of a company’s strategy. A full external review of the effectiveness of the Board, the Board Committees
and the individual Directors was assessed in Q4 of 2018 in a process facilitated by Independent Board Evaluation, an independent, external corporate governance consultancy. The review assessed whether each of the Directors continues to discharge
their respective duties and responsibilities effectively, and concluded that they do. The results of the review were considered when deciding whether individual Directors would offer themselves for election or re-election at the AGM. More
information on the 2018 Board effectiveness review, and the Board’s progress against the findings of the 2017 effectiveness review, can be found on page 25 and 26.


Our biographies containing our relevant skills and experience, Board Committee membership and other principal appointments can be found on pages 5
and 6. Details of changes to the Board in 2018 and year to date are disclosed on page 43.

The service contracts for the executive
Directors and the letters of appointment for the Chairman and
non-executive
 Directors are available for inspection at our registered office.


Time commitment

All
potential new Directors are asked to disclose their significant commitments, and to give an indication of the time spent on those commitments. The Nominations Committee will then take this into account when considering a proposed appointment on the
basis that all Directors are expected to allocate sufficient time to their role on the Board in


order to discharge their responsibilities effectively. This includes attending, and being well-prepared for, all Board and Board Committee meetings, as well as making time to understand the
business, meet with executives and regulators, and complete ongoing training. As stated in our
Charter of Expectations,
 the time commitment associated with their respective roles is agreed with each

non-executive
 Director on an individual basis. All significant new commitments require prior approval. Set out below is the average expected time commitment for the role of

non-executive
 Directors and the other
non-executive
 positions on the Board. For these additional positions there is an expectation that, in order to effectively fulfil
extra responsibilities, additional time commitment is required.

Time commitment


Role   Expected time commitment
Chairman   Equivalent to up to 80% of a full time position
Senior Independent Director   As required to fulfil the role
Non- executive Director   30 days per year (membership of one Board Committee included, increasing to 40 days a year if a member of two Board
Committees)
Committee Chairs   At least 60 days per year (including non-executive Director time commitment)

The Chairman must commit to expend whatever time is necessary to fulfil his duties and, while this is expected to be
equivalent to up to 80% of a full time position, the role as Chairman of the Barclays Group, and leadership of the Board, have priority over other business commitments. In exceptional circumstances, we are all expected to commit significantly more
time to our work on the Board.

As mentioned above, Directors are now obliged to obtain

pre-clearance
 prior to taking on any additional commitments, including but not limited to directorships, and to indicate in the clearance request the likely time commitment involved. The Company Secretary
maintains a record of each Director’s commitments. For the year ended 31 December 2018, and as at the date of this report, the Board is satisfied that none of the


Directors is over-committed and that each of the Directors allocates sufficient time to his or her role in order to discharge their responsibilities
effectively.


Induction


On appointment to the Board, all Directors receive a comprehensive induction which is tailored to the new Director’s individual requirements.
The induction schedule is designed to quickly provide the new Director with an understanding of how the Barclays Group works and the key issues that it faces. The Company Secretary consults the Chairman when designing an induction schedule, giving
consideration to the particular needs of the new Director. When a Director is joining a Board Committee, the schedule includes an induction to the operation of that committee.


On completion of the induction programme, the Director should have sufficient knowledge and understanding of the nature of the business, and the
opportunities and challenges facing Barclays, to enable them to effectively contribute to strategic discussions and oversight of the Barclays Group.

Following her appointment in 2018, Mary Anne Citrino received such an induction. She met with the Company Secretary, the current
non-executive
 Directors and members of the Barclays Group
Executive Committee, and certain other senior executives, as part of that process. An extensive induction programme for Nigel Higgins is underway.

Training and development

In order to continue to contribute effectively to Board and Board Committee meetings,
Directors are regularly provided with the opportunity to take part in ongoing training and development and can also request specific training that we may consider necessary or useful. As part of our annual performance review with the Chairman, we
discuss any particular development needs that can be met through either formal training or meeting with a particular senior executive. In 2018, Directors received ongoing training in relation to legal and regulatory developments in the form of
regular briefings. Topics included whistleblowing and the Senior Managers and Certification Regime.

Conflicts of interest


In accordance with the Companies Act 2006, and the Articles of Association, the Board has the authority to authorise conflicts of
interest. Directors are required to declare any potential or actual conflicts of interest that could interfere with their ability to act in the best interests of the Barclays Group. The Company Secretary maintains a conflicts register, which is a
record of actual and potential conflicts, together with any Board authorisation of the conflict. The authorisations are for an indefinite period but are reviewed annually by the Nominations Committee, which also considers the effectiveness of the
process for authorising Directors’ conflicts of interest. The Board retains the power to vary or terminate the authorisation at any time.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 39


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Information provided to the Board


The Role Profile for the Chairman, as set out in our
Charter of Expectations,
 confirms his responsibility for ensuring that Board agendas are
primarily focused on strategy, performance and key value creation issues and that members of the Board receive accurate, timely and high-quality information. In particular, we require information about Barclays’ performance to enable us to take
sound decisions, monitor effectively and provide advice to promote the success of the Company. Working in collaboration with the Chairman, the Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring good governance and consults Directors to ensure that the
Board receives the information it requires in order to be effective.

Throughout the year, both the executive Directors and senior
executives keep the Board informed of key developments in the business through regular reports and updates. These are in addition to the presentations that the Board and Board Committees receive as part of their formal meetings. Directors are able
to seek independent and professional advice at Barclays’ expense, if required, to enable them to fulfil their obligations as members of the Board.

Accountability

Internal governance processes have been developed to ensure the effective operation of the
individual boards and board committees of each of Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC respectively, in recognition of the fact that this is key to the development and execution of the Barclays Group’s strategy. Generally,
there is one set of rules for the Barclays Group; Barclays Group-wide frameworks, policies and standards are required to be adopted throughout the Barclays Group unless local laws or regulations (or the ring-fencing obligations applicable to
Barclays Bank UK PLC) require otherwise, or the Barclays Group Executive Committee decides otherwise in a particular instance.

Risk
management and internal control

The Directors are responsible for ensuring that management maintains an effective system of risk
management and internal control and for assessing its effectiveness. Such a system is designed to identify, evaluate and manage, rather than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not
absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Barclays Group is committed to operating within a strong system of internal control that enables
business to be transacted and risk taken without exposure to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damage. Barclays has an overarching framework that sets out the approach of the Barclays Group to internal governance,
The Barclays
Guide
, which establishes the mechanisms, principles and processes by which management implements the strategy set by the Board to direct the organisation, through setting the tone and expectations from the top, delegating its authority,
exercising oversight and assessing compliance.

A key component of
The Barclays Guide
 is the Enterprise Risk Management Framework
(ERMF). The purpose of the ERMF is to identify and set minimum requirements in respect of the main risks to achieving the strategic objectives of the Barclays Group. The key elements of the Barclays Group’s system of risk management and
internal control, which are aligned to the recommendations of
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, Internal Control – Integrated Framework
 (2013 COSO), are set out in the risk frameworks relating to each
of our eight Principal Risks and the Barclays Control Framework, which details requirements for the delivery of control responsibilities. Barclays Group-wide frameworks, policies and standards enable Barclays to meet regulators’ expectations
relating to internal control and assurance.

Effectiveness of internal controls


Key controls are assessed on a regular basis for both design and operating effectiveness. Issues arising out of business risk and control
assessments and other internal and external sources are examined to identify pervasive themes. Where appropriate, control issues are reported to the Audit Committee. You can read more about the work of the Audit Committee on pages 12 to 21.


Risk management and internal control framework


The ERMF is the risk management and internal control framework for the Barclays Group. There are eight Principal Risks under the ERMF: Credit risk,
Market risk, Treasury and Capital risk, Operational risk, Model risk, Reputation risk, Conduct risk and Legal risk.

The Audit Committee
formally reviews the risk management and internal control system, including the ERMF, annually. Throughout the year ended 31 December 2018 and to date, the Barclays Group has operated a system of internal control that provides reasonable
assurance of effective operations covering all controls, including financial and operational controls and compliance with laws and regulations. Processes are in place for identifying, evaluating and managing the Principal Risks facing the Barclays
Group in accordance with the
‘Guidance on Risk Management, Internal Control and Related Financial and Business Reporting’
 published by the FRC.


The review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system is achieved
through reviewing the effectiveness of the frameworks, principles and processes contained within
The Barclays Guide,
 the ERMF and the Barclays Control Framework. Key considerations of the most recent review were:


◾   The operation of Controls Committees of the Barclays Group and the key legal entities, businesses
and functions in the Barclays Group to monitor, review and challenge the effective operation of key risk management and control processes, including the results of audits and reviews undertaken by BIA (which include assessments of the control
environment and management control approach) and examinations and assessments undertaken by our primary regulators, on an ongoing basis. The remediation of issues identified within the control environment is regularly monitored by management and the
Audit Committee.


◾   Testing of the operation of executive committees to provide assurance that the committees are
operating as per their Terms of Reference and are effectively overseeing the control environment and associated risk management and internal control processes, where appropriate.


◾   A review of the key governance processes and principles which comprise The Barclays Guide to
confirm that the processes have operated effectively.

Regular reports are made to the Board covering significant risks
to the Barclays

Group. The Risk Committee and the


Reputation Committee examine reports covering the Principal Risks as well as reports on risk measurement methodologies and risk appetite. The Audit
Committee oversees the control environment (and remediation of related issues), and assesses the adequacy of credit impairment. Further details of risk management procedures and potential risk factors are given in the Risk review section on pages 83
to 90.

Controls over financial reporting


A framework of disclosure controls and procedures is in place to support the approval of the financial statements of the Barclays Group. Specific
governance committees are responsible for examining the financial reports and disclosures to ensure that they have been subject to adequate verification and comply with applicable standards and legislation.


These committees report their conclusions to the Audit Committee, which debates its conclusions and provides further challenge. Finally, the Board
scrutinises and approves results announcements and the Barclays PLC annual report, and ensures that appropriate disclosures have been made. This governance process ensures that both management and the Board are given sufficient opportunity to debate
and challenge the financial statements of the Barclays Group and other significant disclosures before they are made public.


40 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting


Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail:


◾   Accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets.


◾   Provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with IFRS and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and the respective Directors.


◾   Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition,
use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that internal controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management has assessed the
internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2018. In making its assessment, management utilised the criteria set out in the 2013 COSO framework and concluded that, based on its assessment, the internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of 31 December 2018.

Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report on the
Group’s internal control over financial reporting, which is set out on page 203

The system of internal financial and operational
controls is also subject to regulatory oversight in the UK and overseas. Further information on supervision by the financial services regulators is provided under Supervision and Regulation in the Risk review section on pages 83 to 84.


Changes in internal control over financial reporting


There have been no changes in the Barclays Group’s internal control over financial reporting which have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect the Barclays Group’s internal control over financial reporting during the year. The Barclays Group adopted IFRS 9 on 1 January 2019 and has updated and modified certain controls over financial reporting as a result
of the new accounting standard, embedding them into the existing control environment.


Remuneration


The Board has delegated responsibility for the consideration and approval of the remuneration arrangements of the Chairman, executive Directors,
other senior executives and certain Barclays Group employees to the Remuneration Committee. The Board as a whole, with the
non-executive
 Directors abstaining, considers annually the fees paid to
non-executive
 Directors. Information on the activities of the Remuneration Committee in 2018 can be found in the Remuneration report on pages 53 to 80, which forms part of this Governance section of the Annual
Report.

Relations with shareholders

The Board recognises the importance of listening to, and understanding the views of, our shareholders such that this information can be used to inform the Board’s decision-making.


Shareholders

The Board is
committed to promoting effective channels of communication with our shareholders and upholding good corporate governance as a means of building stronger and more engaged relationships with them. Our comprehensive Investor Relations engagement with
the market helps us to understand investor views about Barclays, which are communicated regularly to the Board. Our shareholder communication guidelines, which underpin all investor engagement, are available on our website at

home.barclays
/investorrelations.


Institutional investors


In 2018, our Investor Relations engagement with institutional investors took place throughout the year, both following our quarterly results as well
as outside of the reporting cycle. We increased our level of engagement with shareholders year over year, allowing the opportunity for existing and potential new investors to engage with Barclays regularly, promoting dialogue on longer-term
strategic developments as well as on the recent financial performance of the Barclays Group.

The Directors, in conjunction with the
senior executive team and Investor Relations, participated in varied forms of engagement, including investor meetings, seminars and conferences across many geographic locations, reflecting the diverse nature of our equity and debt institutional
ownership. In 2018, we placed greater emphasis on shareholder engagement with a broader range of divisional management presenting to investors, deepening understanding of Barclays’ investment case, and promoting greater awareness and
understanding of our operating businesses.


During 2018, discussions with investors included, but were not limited to: the improved operating
performance of the Barclays Group in the firt nine months post-structural reform; the continued digitisation of the bank and ongoing investment in technology as well as the value being created by Barclays Execution Services in improving the mix and
efficiency of our cost base. We discussed how these actions have, collectively, created the capacity for investment in growth opportunities, helping drive long-term sustainable returns for shareholders. Investors also discussed topics including
prudent risk management and steps taken to mitigate the potential impact from the uncertainty surrounding Brexit, as well as ESG factors, our corporate and investment bank strategy, our valuation and capital levels.


Investor meetings focused on corporate governance also took place throughout the year, with the Chairman, Senior Independent Director, other Board
representatives and the Company Secretary.

We held conference calls/webcasts for our quarterly results briefings and an
in-person
 presentation for our 2017 full year results in February 2018, all hosted by the Group Chief Executive and Group Finance Director who also maintain a dialogue with investors throughout the year. In
addition, the Group Finance Director held a quarterly breakfast briefing for sell-side analysts. For fixed income investors, we held conference calls at our full year and half year results hosted by the Group Finance Director and Group Treasurer.
Following each event, a transcript of the discussion was uploaded to our website.

The Investor Relations section of our website is an
important communication channel that enables the effective distribution of information to the market in a clear and consistent manner. Executive management presentations, speeches and, where possible, webcast replays are uploaded to our website on a
timely basis.

Private shareholders

During 2018, we continued to communicate with our private shareholders through our shareholder mailings. Shareholders can also choose to sign up to Shareview so that they receive information about Barclays PLC and their shareholding
directly by email.

On a practical level, over 60,000 shareholders did not cash their Shares Not Taken Up (SNTU) cheque following the
Rights Issue in September 2013. In 2018, we continued the tracing process to reunite these shareholders with their SNTU monies and any unclaimed dividends and by the end of the year, we had returned approximately £65,000 to our shareholders,
in addition to approximately £200,000 returned in 2017, £1.65m returned in 2016 and £2.2m in 2015.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 41


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Each year we launch a Share Dealing Service aimed at shareholders with relatively small shareholdings for whom it might otherwise
be uneconomical to deal. One option open to shareholders is to donate their sale proceeds to ShareGift. As a result of this initiative, £46,957 was donated in 2018, taking the total donated since 2015 to over £345,000. Our AGM The Board and the senior executive team continue to consider our AGM as a key date for shareholder engagement. The AGM provides us with our main
opportunity to engage with shareholders, particularly our private shareholders, on the key issues facing   the Barclays Group and any questions they may have. A number of Directors, including the Chairman, are available for informal
discussion either before or after the meeting. All resolutions
proposed at the 2018 AGM, which were considered on a poll, were passed with votes ‘For’ ranging from 88.48% to 99.94% of the
total votes cast. The 2019 AGM will be held on Thursday 2 May
2019 at 11:00am at the QEII Conference Centre in London. The Notice of AGM can be found in a separate document, which is sent out at
least 20 working days before the AGM and also made available at home.barclays/ agm. Voting on the resolutions will again be   by poll and the results will be announced via the Regulatory News Service and made available on our website on the same day. We
encourage any shareholders who are unable to attend on the day to vote in advance of the meeting via home.barclays/ investorrelations/vote or through Shareview (shareview.co.uk).
Governance reporting for 2019
Having reviewed our existing governance arrangements against the requirements of The New
Code and The Regulations, and industry best practice, a number of amendments to documentation and certain enhancements to practices have already been implemented. Changes to the Charter of Expectations, the Board’s Schedule of Matters
Reserved, and each Board Committee’s terms of reference have been effected. Enhancements to practices, including but not limited to the below, either have been or will be implemented during 2019 and we will report against The New Code in
our next Annual Report. Board
composition. As mentioned above, Directors are now obliged to obtain pre-clearance prior to taking on any additional commitments, including but not limited to directorships, and to indicate in the
clearance request the likely time commitment involved. This will help to ensure that Directors allocate sufficient time to their role on the Board and discharge their responsibilities effectively. Culture. Our code of conduct, The Barclays
Way, provides a clear path towards achieving a dynamic and positive culture within the Barclays Group, outlining our common purpose – Creating Opportunities to Rise – and values, which govern our way of working. The Barclays
Way, and Barclays’ Purpose and Values, will be reviewed by the Board annually. The Board already receives regular reports on the alignment of Barclays’ culture with its purpose, values and strategy, but will also start receiving annual
thematic updates as to workforce policies and their alignment with our purpose, values and strategy. To the extent that the Board takes any action with regard to culture during the course of a year, this will be explained in the relevant annual
report. Stakeholder engagement. From
next year, the annual report will include disclosures as to how the Directors have discharged their duty under section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 and how the interests of customers and clients, colleagues, suppliers and other stakeholders have
informed the Board’s decision-making.   The Barclays Group has a long standing commitment to the importance and value of colleague engagement. It is
colleagues that drive our success. You can read more about our commitment to colleagues in the People section on page 47. As part of this long standing commitment, senior management developed an extensive engagement matrix. Consequently, there
are a number of existing channels for engagement with colleagues and for ensuring that the Board is made aware of views expressed. This engagement matrix with colleagues includes multi-channel communications, townhalls and question and answer
sessions, country and site visits, ex officio committee memberships, Your View surveys, focus groups, mentoring programmes, talent programmes, Diversity and Inclusion programmes, the Wellbeing programme, and workforce change
engagement. We have an established partnership approach to
industrial relations. In the UK, we have a formal Partnership with Unite which has been in place for over 18 years. In Europe, we have a consultation forum (European Works Council) known as the Barclays Group European Forum. Through these
partnerships, and at individual country level with local recognised trade unions and works councils, we consult regularly on a wide range of topics. In 2018, an all colleague Your View survey was conducted. The effectiveness of our existing colleague engagement mechanisms was reflected in
a 79% sustainable engagement score. The results of the survey were presented to senior management, and used as one of a number of inputs to inform overall colleague engagement and progress with embedding our desired culture. The Barclays Group has established mechanisms in place to report to the
Board. In particular, the Board receives qualitative and quantitative feedback on matters of interest to colleagues through the Culture Dashboard, which measures and tracks our progress in embedding the desired culture, talent and succession
updates, Diversity and Inclusion updates, periodic engagement updates and   the results of the Your View surveys (including the survey conducted in 2018). In addition to the Culture Dashboard and Your View, we plan to
introduce further qualitative mechanisms – including the establishment of regional focus groups, and obtaining formal feedback on core topics from Unite and the Barclays’ Group European Forum – to enhance the information that is
already gathered. In relation to understanding other
stakeholders’ views, the impact of our behaviour and business on customers and clients, colleagues and society is monitored by the Board with support from the Reputation Committee, which tracks key indicators across the areas of culture,
citizenship, conduct, and customer and client satisfaction on an ongoing basis. In 2018, we built on conversations started at the AGM to engage in a continual dialogue with NGOs and other interest groups, to improve our understanding of emerging and
existing environmental and societal topics. Throughout the year, we regularly engaged with these stakeholders through participation in
forums and roundtables and joined industry, sector and topic debates and this will continue in 2019. Remuneration. Following changes to the Remuneration Committee’s terms of reference, the Remuneration Committee now has responsibility
for reviewing workforce remuneration and related policies, ensuring the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture, and ensuring that these matters are taken into account when considering and approving the remuneration arrangements of the
executive Directors. It is proposed that the Remuneration Committee report to the Board on these matters in order to further support the Board in satisfying its obligation to assess and monitor culture. Next year’s annual report will include an
enhanced Director’s remuneration report and a summary of any discretion that has been exercised in the award of Director remuneration.


42 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


The Directors present their report together with the


audited accounts for the year ended 31 December 2018.


Other information that is relevant to the Directors’ Report, and which is incorporated by reference into
this report, can be located as follows:


Page
Employee involvement   47
Policy concerning the employment of disabled persons   50
Financial instruments   233
Hedge accounting policy   237
Remuneration policy, including details of the remuneration of each
Director and Directors’ interests in shares   53
Corporate governance report   1
Risk review   81
Disclosures required pursuant to Listing Rule 9.8.4R can be found on the following
pages:
Page
Long-term incentive schemes   64
Waiver of Director emoluments   77
Allotment for cash of equity securities   276
Waiver of dividends   43


Profit and dividends


Statutory profit after tax for 2018 was £2,372m (2017: loss £894m). The 2018 full year dividend of 4.0p per share will be paid on
5 April 2019 to shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on 1 March 2019. With the 2018 half year dividend totalling 2.5p per ordinary share, paid in September 2018, the total distribution for 2018
is 6.5p (2017: 3.0p) per ordinary share. The half year and full year dividends for 2018 amounted to £768m (2017: £509m).


The nominee company of certain Barclays’ employee benefit trusts holding shares in Barclays in
connection with the operation of the Company’s share plans has lodged evergreen dividend waivers on shares held by it that have not been allocated to employees. The total amount of dividends waived during the year ended 31 December 2018
was £0.85m (2017: £0.68m).

Barclays understands the importance of the ordinary dividend for our shareholders. Barclays is
therefore committed to maintaining an appropriate balance between total cash returns to shareholders, investing in the business, and maintaining a strong capital position. Going forward, Barclays intends to pay an annual ordinary dividend that takes
into account these objectives, and the medium-term earnings outlook of the Barclays Group. It is also the Board’s intention to supplement the ordinary dividends with additional returns to shareholders as and when appropriate.


The Board notes that in determining any proposed distributions to shareholders, the Board will consider the expectation of servicing more senior
securities.


Board of Directors


The names of the current Directors of Barclays PLC, along with their biographical details, are set out on pages 5 and 6 and are incorporated into
this report by reference. Changes to Directors during the year are set out below.


Name   Role   Effective date of appointment / resignation
Mike Turner   Non-executive   Appointed
Director   1 January 2018
Mary Anne   Non-executive   Appointed
Citrino   Director   25 July 2018

Appointment and retirement of Directors


The appointment and retirement of Directors is governed by the Company’s Articles of Association (the Articles), The UK Corporate Governance
Code 2016 (The Code), the Companies Act 2006 and related legislation.

The Articles may only be amended by a special resolution of the
shareholders. The Board has the power to appoint additional Directors or to fill a casual vacancy amongst the Directors. Any such Director holds office only until the next AGM and may offer himself/herself for

re-election.
 The Code recommends that all directors of FTSE 350 companies should be subject to annual
re-election.
 All Directors will stand for election or
re-election
 at the 2019 AGM, with the exception of Reuben Jeffery III and Dambisa Moyo.


Directors’ indemnities


Qualifying third party indemnity provisions (as defined by section 234 of the Companies Act 2006) were in force during the course of the financial
year ended 31 December 2018 for the benefit of the then Directors and, at the date of this report, are in force for the benefit of the Directors in relation to certain losses and liabilities which they may incur (or have incurred) in connection
with their duties, powers or office. In addition, the Company maintains Directors’ & Officers’ Liability Insurance which gives appropriate cover for legal action brought against its Directors.


Qualifying pension scheme indemnity provisions (as defined by section 235 of the Companies Act 2006) were in force during the course of the
financial year ended 31 December 2018 for the benefit of the then Directors, and at the date of this report are in force for the benefit of directors of Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited as Trustee of the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund.
The directors of the Trustee are indemnified against liability incurred in connection with the company’s activities as Trustee of the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund.


Similarly, qualifying pension scheme indemnities were in force during 2018 for the benefit of directors of Barclays Executive Schemes Trustees
Limited as Trustee of Barclays Bank International Limited Zambia Staff Pension Fund (1965), Barclays Capital International Pension Scheme (No.1), and Barclays PLC Funded Unapproved Retirement Benefits Scheme. The directors of the Trustee are
indemnified against liability incurred in connection with the company’s activities as Trustee of the schemes above.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 43


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


Political donations


The Barclays Group did not give any money for political purposes in the UK, the rest of the EU or outside of the EU, nor did it make any political
donations to political parties or other political organisations, or to any independent election candidates, or incur any political expenditure during the year.


In accordance with the US Federal Election Campaign Act, Barclays provides administrative support to a federal Political Action Committee (PAC) in
the US funded by the voluntary political contributions of eligible employees. The PAC is not controlled by Barclays and all decisions regarding the amounts and recipients of contributions are directed by a steering committee comprising employees
eligible to contribute to the PAC. Contributions to political organisations reported by the PAC during the calendar year 2018 totalled $140,000 (2017: $67,250).


Environment

Barclays focuses
on addressing environmental issues where we believe we have the greatest potential to make a difference. We focus on managing our own carbon footprint and reducing our absolute carbon emissions; developing products and services to help enable the
transition to a
low-carbon
 economy, and managing the risks of climate change to our operations, clients, customers and society at large.


We invest in improving the energy efficiency of our operations and offset the emissions remaining through the purchase of carbon credits. We also
have a long-standing commitment to managing the environmental and social risks associated with our lending practices, which is embedded into our Credit Risk processes. A governance structure is in place to facilitate clear dialogue across the
business and with suppliers around issues of potential environmental and social risk.

We have disclosed global greenhouse gas emissions
(GHG) that we are responsible for as set out by the Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ Report) Regulations 2013.

We
provide fuller disclosure on (i) financing solutions for the lower carbon economy, (ii) environmental risk management and (iii) management of our carbon and environmental footprint in the Barclays Environmental Social Governance (ESG)
Report available on our website at
home.barclays.com/citizenship
.
 We have also provided initial disclosures aligned with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures in the Strategic Report and ESG Report.


Current Reporting Year a 2018   Previous Reporting Year 2017   Previous reporting Year 2016   Previous reporting Year 2015
Global Green House Gas Emissions b
Total CO 2 e
(tonnes)   292,151   344,816   401,340   469,502
Scope 1 CO 2 e emissions (tonnes) c   25,553   24,779   26,814   29,146
Scope 2 CO 2 e emissions (tonnes) d   197,365   249,396   307,190   341,978
Scope 3 CO 2 e emissions (tonnes) e   69,233   70,641   67,337   98,379
Intensity Ratio
Total Full Time Employees (FTE)   83,500   79,900   76,500   85,800
Total CO 2 e
per FTE (tonnes) f   3.50   4.32   5.25   5.47
Scope 2 CO 2 e market based emissions (tonnes) d   249,294   297,128   337,483

Notes


a   The carbon reporting year for our GHG emissions is 1 October to 30 September. The carbon
reporting year is not fully aligned to the financial reporting year covered by the Directors’ report.


b   The methodology used to calculate our GHG is the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG). A Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard Revised Edition, defined by the World Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (ERI/WBCSD). We have adopted the operational control approach on reporting boundaries to define our
reporting boundary. Where properties are covered by Barclays’ consolidated financial statements but are leased to tenants, these emissions are not included in the Barclays Group GHG calculations. Where Barclays is responsible for the utility
costs, these emissions are included. We continuously review and update our performance data based on updated carbon emissions factors, improvements on data quality and updates to estimates previously applied. For 2019 we have applied the latest
DEFRA and IEA emission factors where our performance has changed by more than 1% we have restated the balances and baseline. Emissions (tonnes CO 2 e) previously reported for 2015, 2016 and 2017
are 479,934, 402,531 and 347,165 respectively.


On 1 June 2017, we completed the sale of a 33.7% stake in Barclays Africa Group Limited
(BAGL) resulting in a non-controlling position. In 2017, we restated our CHG emissions through the 2015 baseline to account for this and BAGL emissions are not reported from 2015 onwards in order to ensure
accurate tracking against our 30% carbon reduction commitment. In addition, we have restated our Scope 3 emissions to remove erroneous air data which was identified as part of 2018 reporting process.


c   Scope 1 covers direct combustion of fuels and company owned vehicles (from UK only, which is the
most material contributor). Fugitive emissions reported in Scope 1 cover emissions from UK, Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe.


d   Scope 2 covers emissions from electricity and steam purchased for own use. Market based emissions
have been reported for 2018, 2017 and 2016 only.


e   Scope 3 covers indirect emissions from business travel (global flights and ground transport from
the UK, USA and India. USA and India ground transport covers onwards car hire only which has been provided directly by the supplier). Ground transportation data (excluding Scope 1 company cars) covers only countries where robust data is available
directly from the supplier.


f   Intensity ratio calculations have been calculated using location based emission factors only.


Research and development


In the ordinary course of business, the Barclays Group develops new products and services in each of its business divisions.


Share capital

Share
capital structure

The Company has ordinary shares in issue. The Company’s Articles also allow for the issuance of sterling, US
dollar, euro and yen preference shares (together, preference shares). No preference shares have been issued as at 19 February 2019 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report). Ordinary shares therefore represent 100% of the total
issued share capital as at 31 December 2018 and as at 19 February 2019 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report).

Details of the movement in ordinary share capital during the year can be found in Note 29 on page 276.

Voting


Every member who is present in person or represented at any general meeting of the Company, and who is entitled to vote, has one
vote on a show of hands. Every proxy present has one vote. The proxy will have one vote for and one vote against a resolution if he/she has been instructed to vote for or against the resolution by different members or in one direction by a member
while another member has permitted the proxy discretion as to how to vote.


On a poll, every member who is present or represented and who is entitled to vote has one vote for
every share held. In the case of joint holders, only the vote of the senior holder (as determined by order in the share register) or his/her proxy may be counted. If any sum payable remains unpaid in relation to a member’s shareholding, that
member is not entitled to vote that share or exercise any other right in relation to a meeting of the Company unless the Board otherwise determines.

If any member, or any other person appearing to be interested in any of the Company’s ordinary shares, is served with a notice under section 793 of the Companies Act 2006 and does not supply the Company with the information
required in the notice, then the Board, in its absolute discretion, may direct that that member shall not be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company. The Board may further direct that if the shares of the defaulting member represent
0.25% or more of the issued shares of the relevant class, that dividends or other monies payable on those shares shall be retained by the Company until the direction ceases to have effect and that no transfer of those shares shall be registered
(other than certain specified ‘excepted transfers’). A direction ceases to have effect seven days after the Company has received the information requested, or when the Company is notified that an excepted transfer of all of the relevant
shares to a third party has occurred, or as the Board otherwise determines.


44 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Transfers

Ordinary shares may be held in either certificated or uncertificated form. Certificated ordinary shares may be transferred in writing in any usual or other form approved by the Company Secretary and executed by or on behalf of the
transferor. Transfers of uncertificated ordinary shares must be made in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and CREST Regulations.


The Board is not bound to register a transfer of partly-paid ordinary shares or fully-paid shares in exceptional circumstances approved by the FCA.
The Board may also decline to register an instrument of transfer of certificated ordinary shares unless it is (i) duly stamped, deposited at the prescribed place and accompanied by the share certificate(s) and such other evidence as reasonably
required by the Board to evidence right to transfer, (ii) it is in respect of one class of shares only, and (iii) it is in favour of a single transferee or not more than four joint transferees (except in the case of executors or trustees of a
member).

In accordance with the provisions of Section 84 of the Small Business, Enterprise and Employment Act 2015, preference shares
may only be issued in registered form. Preference shares shall be transferred in writing in any usual or other form approved by the Company Secretary and executed by or on behalf of the transferor. The Company’s registrar shall register such
transfers of preference shares by making the appropriate entries in the register of preference shares. Each preference share shall confer, in the event of a winding up or any return of capital by reduction of capital (other than, unless otherwise
provided by their terms of issue, a redemption or purchase by the Company of any of its issued shares, or a reduction of share capital), the right to receive out of the surplus assets of the Company available for distribution amongst the members and
in priority to the holders of the ordinary shares and any other shares in the Company ranking junior to the relevant series of preference shares and pari passu with any other class of preference shares (other than any class of shares then in issue
ranking in priority to the relevant series of preference shares), repayment of the amount paid up or treated as paid up in respect of the nominal value of the preference share together with any premium which was paid or treated as paid when the
preference share was issued in addition to an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends.


Variation of rights


The rights attached to any class of shares may be varied either with the consent in writing of the holders of at least 75% in nominal value of the
issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. The rights of shares shall not (unless expressly provided by the rights attached to such shares) be
deemed varied by the creation of further shares ranking equally with them or subsequent to them.

Limitations on foreign shareholders


There are no restrictions imposed by the Articles of Association or (subject to the effect of any economic sanctions that may be in
force from time to time) by current UK laws which relate only to non-residents of the UK and which limit the rights of such nonresidents to hold or (when entitled to do so) vote the ordinary shares.


Exercisability of rights under an employee share scheme


Employee Benefit Trusts (EBTs) operate in connection with certain of the Barclays Group’s Employee Share Plans (Plans). The trustees of the
EBTs may exercise all rights attached to the shares in accordance with their fiduciary duties other than as specifically restricted in the relevant Plan governing documents. The trustees of the EBTs have informed the Company that their normal policy
is to abstain from voting in respect of the Barclays shares held in trust. The trustees of the Global Sharepurchase EBT and UK Sharepurchase EBTs may vote in respect of Barclays shares held in the EBTs, but only as instructed by participants in
those Plans in respect of their partnership shares and (when vested) matching and dividend shares. The trustees will not otherwise vote in respect of shares held in the Sharepurchase EBTs.


Special rights

There are no
persons holding securities that carry special rights with regard to the control of the Company.

Major shareholders


Major shareholders do not have different voting rights from those of other shareholders. Information provided to the Company by substantial
shareholders pursuant to the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules are published via a Regulatory Information Service and is available on the Company’s website. As at 31 December 2018, the Company had been notified under Rule 5
of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the holdings of voting rights in its shares set out below.


Person interested   Number
of Barclays shares   % of total voting rights attaching to issued share capital a   Nature of holding (direct or indirect)
The Capital
Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.84   indirect
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.40   direct
BlackRock, Inc d   1,018,388,143   5.94   indirect
Sherborne Investors e   923,787,634   5.39   indirect
Norges Bank   514,068,594   3.00   direct

Notes

a The percentage of voting rights detailed above was calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.


b The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part of the CG holding is held as American Depositary
Receipts. On 14 February 2019, CG disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 277,002,140 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2018, representing 1.6% of that class of shares.


c Qatar Holding LLC (QH) is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority.


d Total shown includes 8,879,783 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. Part of the holding is held as American Depositary
Receipts. On 4 February 2019, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC beneficial ownership of 1,119,810,169 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2018, representing 6.5% of that class of shares.


e We understand from disclosures that the Sherborne Shares are held via three funds ultimately controlled by Edward Bramson and Stephen Welker in
their capacity as managing directors of Sherborne Investors Management GP, LLC (Sherborne Management GP) and Sherborne Investors GP, LLC. Sherborne Management GP is the general partner of Sherborne Investors Management LP (Sherborne Investors) which
is the investment manager to two of the funds, Whistle Investors LLC and Whistle Investors II LLC. Sherborne Investors Management (Guernsey) LLC, the investment manager to the third fund, SIGC, LP, is wholly owned by Sherborne Investors. On 8
February 2019, Sherborne Investors disclosed by way of a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC beneficial ownership of 943,949,089 ordinary shares of the Company as of 29 January 2019, representing approximately 5.5% of that class of shares. Such Schedule
13D also disclosed Edward Bramson and Stephen Welker as the ultimate deemed beneficial owners of the Sherborne Shares and that 505,086,254 of such shares were purchased through funded derivative transactions.


Between 31 December 2018 and 19 February 2019 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), the Company was notified that Norges Bank
now holds 509,562,903 Barclays shares, representing 2.97% of the total voting rights attached to the issued share capital and that Sherborne now holds 943,949,089 Barclays shares, representing approximately 5.5% of the total voting rights attached
to the issued share capital.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 45


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


Powers of Directors to issue or buy back the Company’s shares


The powers of the Directors are determined by the Companies Act 2006 and the Company’s Articles. The Directors are authorised to issue and
allot shares and to buy back shares subject to annual shareholder approval at the AGM. Such authorities were granted by shareholders at the 2018 AGM. It will be proposed at the 2019 AGM that the Directors be granted new authorities to allot and buy
back shares.

Repurchase of shares

The Company did not repurchase any of its ordinary shares during 2018 (2017: none). As at 19 February 2019 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report) the Company had an unexpired authority to repurchase ordinary
shares up to a maximum of 1,706m ordinary shares.

Distributable Reserves


As at 31 December 2018, the distributable reserves of Barclays PLC (the parent company) were £5,282m.


Following announcement of its intention to carry out a capital reorganisation to convert the share premium account of Barclays PLC into
distributable reserves and subsequent shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting on 1 May 2018, this was undertaken by way of a court-approved capital reduction. On 11 September 2018, the capital reduction became effective
following confirmation of the High Court of Justice in England and Wales that the share premium account had been cancelled, with the balance of £17,873m being credited to retained earnings.


On filing of the 2018 Annual Report, the distributable reserves of Barclays PLC would be £24,471m taking into consideration the cancellation
of share premium account and other movements in reserves for the year.

Change of control


There are no significant agreements to which the Company is a party that are affected by a change of control of the Company following a takeover
bid. There are no agreements between the Company and its Directors or employees providing for compensation for loss of office or employment that occurs because of a takeover bid.


Going concern

The Barclays
Group’s business activities, financial position, capital, factors likely to affect its future development and performance and its objectives and policies in managing the financial risks to which it is exposed are discussed in the Risk review
and Risk management sections.

The Directors considered it appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis.


In preparing each of the Barclays Group and parent company financial statements, the Directors are required to:


◾   Assess the Barclays Group and parent company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and


◾   Use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Barclays Group or the parent company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Disclosure of Information to the Auditor


Each Director confirms that, so far as he/she is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditors are unaware and
that each of the Directors has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditors are aware of that information. This
confirmation is given pursuant to section 418 of the Companies Act 2006 and should be interpreted in accordance with and subject to those provisions.

Directors’ responsibilities

The following statement, which should be read in conjunction with the report of
the independent registered public accounting firm set out on page 203 to 204, is made with a view to distinguishing for shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and of the auditors in relation to the accounts.


The Directors are required by the Companies Act 2006 to prepare Group and Company accounts for each financial year and, with regards to Group
accounts, in accordance with Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. The Directors have prepared Group and Company accounts in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. Under the Companies Act 2006, the Directors must not approve the accounts unless they
are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Barclays Group and the Company and of their profit or loss for that period.

The Directors consider that, in preparing the financial statements the Barclays Group and Company has used appropriate accounting policies, supported by reasonable judgements and estimates, and that all accounting standards which
they consider to be applicable have been followed.

Having taken all the matters considered by the Board and brought to the attention of
the Board during the year into account, the Directors are satisfied that the Annual Report and financial statements, taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable, and provide the information necessary for shareholders to assess the
Barclays Group and Company’s position and performance, business model and strategy.

Directors are responsible for such internal
control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


Directors’ responsibility statement

The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that the Company and the Barclays Group keep accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Company and the Barclays Group and which enable
them to ensure that the accounts comply with the Companies Act 2006.

The Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic
report, Directors’ report, Directors’ remuneration report and Corporate governance statement in accordance with applicable law and regulations.


The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the Annual Report and financial
statements as they appear on the Company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.


The Directors have a general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Barclays Group and
to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

The Directors, whose names and functions are set out on pages 5 and 6, confirm to
the best of their knowledge that:

(a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and


(b) includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the Company and the undertakings included in
the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face.

By order of the
Board


Stephen Shapiro


Company Secretary

20 February 2019


Registered in England.


Company No. 48839


46 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


People


As highlighted in ‘Our People and Culture’ on page 11, we continue to make progress towards increasing
the diversity of our workforce underpinned by an inclusive culture and engaged employees. This section provides an overview of some of the programmes, initiatives and ways in which we are supporting our colleagues, which in turn enables us to
support our customers, clients and the community.


Career
opportunities

We aspire to be the most accessible, inclusive and sought after employer. Attracting new talent into the organisation
remains key to our success, demonstrated through the continued growth of newer strategic locations and world class campuses (Glasgow, Whippany, North West UK and Pune). Our Early Careers programmes recruited 1,100 interns, 800 graduates, and over
530 apprenticeships in 2018. These varied entry points help provide pathways for progression supported by recognised qualifications and, in doing so, help to create an internal talent pipeline.


The Encore! programme has run globally in selected locations and has been a lever to encourage talented women returners to Barclays. All Encore!
fellows are provided with support sessions to assist with their
re-acclimation
 back into the workforce and Barclays intends to broaden the programme to continue to enhance our diversity, inclusion and location
strategies with more sites offering the programme.

The Barclays Global Alumni Programme helps colleagues to stay connected to Barclays
and to other Alumni. Membership has grown to over 7,000 since the programme launched in 2014 and we have a thriving, networked global community with members receiving monthly
e-newsletters,
 invitations to
events, updates about career opportunities and access to Barclays Insights as part of their membership.

Our “Able to Enable”
programme provides a platform for candidates with disabilities, allowing us to provide more tailored support for them to enter the workforce through our Apprentice channels. Multigenerational opportunities have also been opened through our Bolder
Apprentice Programme. More broadly, we have policies and practices in place to ensure that all recruitment decisions are fair and candidate shortlists are diverse.


Once on board, we have created multiple tools and resources for colleagues all at levels to find
internal career opportunities and for managers to find and assess suitable internal candidates. In 2018 37% of our roles were filled by internal candidates.

Learning, development and talent management

Advancements have been made in our approach to learning throughout
2018, with a focus on systems and processes as well as content. This included launching new digital channels and working in conjunction with industry leading partners to keep improving and updating our skills based learning solutions.


We remain focussed on identifying talent based on objective assessment. We develop our successors and ensure that we have a strong pipeline of
internal talent with the potential to step into critical roles in the future.
Ex-officio
 positions on the Group Executive Committee and across the business unit and functional Executive Committees provided
further development and exposure for senior leaders and allowed the leadership teams to work closely with talented colleagues who have brought new ideas and diverse perspectives to the table.


Four Enterprise Leaders Summits across London and New York provided 135 senior leaders from Barclays International, Barclays UK and Barclays
Execution Services with an opportunity to further broaden their understanding of our business beyond their business area and function and to develop an enterprise
mind-set.


This year we also hosted a Women Managing Directors Forum for c.130 senior female leaders from across the Bank who convened in London in October
2018 to create an engaged and mutually supportive global community of senior female leaders at Barclays and to inspire further actions to accelerate gender diversity.


Industrial relations and workforce

Barclays places great importance on our constructive approach to global employee and industrial relations. During 2018 we continued to work with Unite, our recognised trade union in the UK and with 9 other unions and staff
associations directly or through works councils internationally. In the UK, we consulted extensively with Unite on a wide range of restructuring proposals and in respect of changes to compensation structures. Our shared aim where there is
restructuring – consistent with our partnership approach to industrial relations – is to minimise compulsory job losses wherever possible. This is achieved through voluntary redundancy and extensive redeployment processes and arrangements.


In Europe we held regular consultations with our European Works Council (the Barclays Group European
Forum) on a wide range of topics including transnational restructuring proposals, in addition to local consultation with
in-country
 works councils. All colleagues who are displaced as a result of restructuring
are offered career transition support. In 2018 c.900 colleagues were supported globally (a take up rate of over 80% of those impacted by restructuring), with over 95% satisfied with the career transition support provided.


Performance management


Effective Performance management underpins our values-based culture. To support our success, colleagues align their objectives to business and team
goals, this is ‘what’ they will deliver. Behavioural expectations are set in the context of our values, this is ‘how’ they will achieve their objectives. We encourage connected performance conversations throughout the year and we
continue to run our global recognition programme to recognise the achievements of those who have demonstrated our values in the workplace.

Colleagues are also encouraged to be involved with the Company’s performance by participating in our
all-employee
 share plans, which have been running successfully for over 10 years.


Employee communications

Barclays regularly updates employees on the financial and economic factors affecting the company’s performance and the delivery of the strategy through Barclays Group CEO and senior leader communications, line manager briefing
packs, infographics, videos, interviews and talking points distributed to employees every quarter in accordance with our financial reporting calendar.

We also hold a variety of events for employees so they can hear directly from the Group Executive Committee and employees are kept regularly informed about what is happening in their area and across Barclays through regular local
engagement initiatives and communications that allow for discussion and build awareness and understanding. Campaigns and colleague stories throughout the year bring to life how we are living Barclays’ Purpose, ‘Creating opportunities to
rise’ and Values: Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship on a daily basis, providing ongoing evidence of how we are supporting our colleagues, customers and clients and the communities and societies in which we work.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 47


Governance: Directors’ report


People


Be Well – Barclays wellbeing programme


Barclays global wellbeing programme “Be Well” has focused on two key areas in 2018; a refreshed commitment to make Barclays a “mental
health confident” organisation, further development of our supportive culture and the implementation of new global digital infrastructure as the gateway to the programme.


The mental health confident agenda has worked to address both the stigma that can prevent open conversations about mental health – building on
Barclays “This is Me” programme – while developing colleagues’ capability to understand, identify and take appropriate action where others need help. The global launch campaign involved a film of senior leaders and Board members
sharing their personal reflections on mental health issues and the important role that support from colleagues can play in helping others. The call to action to colleagues was to become mental health confident themselves by completing new online
development programmes on “mental health awareness” and “mental health confident”. By year end over 16,000 colleagues had completed “awareness” and c.3,500 had completed the “confident” module.


85% of colleagues already feel that their line manager takes a sincere interest in their wellbeing according to the 2018 Your View survey. To help
translate this consistently into practical action, a new guide “Leading our supportive culture” was launched in November for managers, addressing key scenarios and the range of supportive actions that they can take.


The launch in November of a new global Be Well portal and online health check has provided access to all Barclays wellbeing content and support in
one place. The portal incorporates an interactive health check tool which targets content in the portal according to colleagues’ identified health risks.


Diversity and inclusion

We
aim to ensure that Barclays is a workplace where everyone is valued as an individual and feels welcomed, respected, supported and able to be their authentic selves. Working in an inclusive environment provides employees with the opportunity to rise.
Our global Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) strategy establishes objectives, initiatives and plans across five core agendas: disability, gender, LGBT+, multicultural, and multigenerational.


We are proud of the recognition we have received this year for our diversity and inclusion efforts,
including:

◾
  The
Times Top 50 Employers for Women 2018


◾
  Stonewall Top Global
Employer for LGBT+ employees, 2018


◾
  Working Families UK Best
for Embedded flexibility for Dynamic Working, 2018

◾
  UK Top 10 employer for Working Families, 2018


◾
  Department of Work and
Pensions Disability Confident Leader, 2017 to 2020

◾
  Business in the Community Best Employer for Race 2018

This
year 91% of colleagues reported through our Your View engagement survey that they feel able to bring their whole selves to work reflecting our progress in our diversity and inclusion agenda.


To help ensure all employees at Barclays have the support and environment to succeed, we have seven employee diversity networks.


These networks provide a forum for employees to raise awareness of various challenges and
initiatives, engage in development opportunities and to build relationships with colleagues across Barclays and with external constituents in the communities where we operate. Every network is open to all employees who wish to support the firm in
accomplishing its diversity goals and creating an inclusive culture.

Gender


Barclays remains focussed on improving gender diversity through a workplace environment and culture that supports and empowers women. We also have a
keen focus on the gender diversity of our senior leadership and have established ambitions on gender diversity from our Board of Directors to our graduate population, partnering with the Hampton Alexander Review and HM Treasury Finance Charter to
encourage progress across the Financial Services industry. Our commitment to improving the gender diversity of the leadership at Barclays is being supported by an integrated talent management lead approach which includes data monitoring, sponsorship
and development programs and our Win gender network, all intended to enhance our ability to achieve our ambitions.


Internally we are committed to:
Leadership accountability including gender diversity targets and the introduction of a gender task force Focusing on a more inclusive work environment to ensure all colleagues
have the flexibility to achieve personal and professional goals Ensuring we are developing leaders who are equipped to meet the demands of a more diverse workforce   2020 Gender diversity
commitments
◾ Board of Directors
33%
◾ Leadership 33% (Group ExCo and their direct reports)
Cultural change
◾ Dynamic
Working
◾ Progressive parental
policies
◾ Barclays’ Win Gender Network
Talent management
◾ Leadership succession
planning
◾ Ex-officio leadership roles
◾ Internal mobility
Leadership development
◾ Unconscious bias
training
◾ Global Women in
Leadership Conference
◾ Enterprise Leaders summits
Externally we are committed to:
Engaging men globally in gender equality in partnership with the United Nations Providing enhanced employment opportunities and attracting diverse
candidates Community impact   UN HeForShe
◾ Global Impact Champion
Barclays role models
◾ External engagement of Barclays’ senior women across Financial Services, IT and STEM
Creating new career
opportunities
◾ Encore! Returnship
Programme
◾ Expanded
Apprenticeship Programme
◾ 50% female graduate hires
Strategic partnerships
◾ Women’s Business
Council
◾ 30% Club


48 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


At the end of 2018 the female representation across our Board of Directors was 27%; female
representation among the Group Executive Committee and their direct reports was 28% and the percentage of female Managing Directors and Directors stood at 24%. We first made a commitment in our 2013 Annual Report that we would aim to increase the
percentage of women at Managing Director and Director levels from 21% to 26% by 2018.

That was a stretching goal, which acted as a
catalyst for significantly increased focus on gender diversity at Barclays, including important changes like dynamic working. But the reality is, disappointingly, that we missed the target despite our best efforts. One of the principle reasons for
us missing this target was due to the divestment of the Africa business which reduced our YoY progress by 2 percentage points.

We do
still believe, however, that targets are an effective way to drive and track our progress. They give us an unambiguous measure of our success, and they make us focus on what makes the biggest difference most quickly. So we are setting ourselves a
target of 28% female Managing Directors and Directors by the end of 2021.

The Performance Measurement Framework, which is tied to senior
management’s compensation, ensures that we are managing Barclays in the interests of all our stakeholders – including employees. The 28% target will be included as part of that framework and we will hold each other accountable for it
through monthly business reviews at the Group Executive Committee. Each of the Group Executive Committee members will also have their own actions, specific to the context in which their business operates.


To better align how we report on the gender diversity of our senior leadership population, and to more closely align to the definition of
‘senior managers’ within the Companies Act, the scope of the ‘senior manager’ population within this disclosure has been revised this year to reflect the Group Executive Committee and their direct reports. This represents a
narrower scope than in previous years, however in reporting on the Group Executive Committee and their direct reports, this disclosure is now fully aligned to Barclays Hampton Alexander commitments.


Of our global workforce of 86,800 (47,900 male, 38,900 female), 81 were senior managers (58 male, 23
female). The global workforce of 86,800 represents the total number of employees on a headcount basis, which is a wider scope than the disclosures provided above which are representative of full time equivalent (FTE).


Barclays gender pay gap results 2018 (UK only)

The Gender Pay Gap reflects the difference between average male pay and average female pay in an organisation, which is largely the result of differences in seniority between male and female employees.


It compares all employees and does not take into account differences in the role performed, individual expertise and experience, or other factors
which legitimately impact the way in which different employees are paid.

Paying our employees fairly and equitably relative to their
role, skills, experience and performance is central to our global reward philosophy. We review our global reward structures on an ongoing basis to ensure that there is no unfair gender or other bias in how colleagues are paid.


We are confident that men and women across our organisation are paid equally for doing the same job, unless there are clear business reasons for
different levels of pay such as level of experience, specific skills and performance.

We have evolved our approach to reporting for 2018
to also include the overall pay gap for our UK employees combined , as opposed to publishing only by legal employing entity. This greater transparency enables us to more easily compare ourselves with other organisations, and track progress across
Barclays as a whole. We have still published entity-specific figures to enable a full, detailed comparison with previous years.


UK-wide
 gender pay gap results 2018


The Ordinary Pay Gap represents the difference in the average regular pay for male and female employees. The bonus pay gap represents the difference
in the average bonus pay for male and female employees. Also reported is the proportion of males and the proportion of females receiving a bonus, and the proportion of males and females in each pay quartile. Pay quartiles are prepared by ordering
the population by ordinary pay from lowest to highest, and then dividing it into four equal
sub-populations
 (upper quartile, upper middle quartile, lower middle quartile and lower quartile) to show how the
distribution of males and females varies according to each quartile.

We are also additionally publishing the Gender Pay Gap for Barclays
PLC, our group holding company with approximately 90 employees. While this falls below the mandatory reporting threshold of 250 employees, we believe it is important to include this to give the most accurate picture of our overall position.


Legal entity gender pay gap results 2018


Whilst we observe small positive changes, overall our Gender Pay Gap results are similar to those for 2017. The average man at Barclays is still
more senior than the average woman.

The proportion of men and women at each of our corporate grades in 2018 is broadly the same as for
2017. Our Gender Pay Gap results will only change significantly when we see significant changes in the shape of our employee population. This will take time.

There are many drivers for the proportion of men and women at each corporate grade. For example, in our retail bank we have historically, like others in the industry, attracted many women to more junior roles in branches that are
both local and flexible, allowing our employees to balance their work with other commitments. In our corporate and investment bank, where there are a greater number of more senior roles, we have historically attracted more men and we have struggled
to find and attract female applicants.

We have developed many initiatives over a number of years, and although the changes in population
are very small year on year, looking back over a longer period shows a positive trend in terms of increasing female seniority in our UK population.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 49


Governance: Directors’ report


People


In our UK population, there has been a 6.5% increase in the proportion of senior colleagues within
the female population since 2014. In contrast there has been a 9.9% decrease in the proportion of senior colleagues within the male population since 2014.

This shows that while we still have more senior male employees than senior female employees, over the last four years, the rate of change is positive in terms of moving towards more even representation. There has also been a 15.0%
increase in the proportion of
mid-level
 colleagues within the female population, compared to a 4.9% increase in the proportion of
mid-level
 colleagues within the male
population.

We are pleased to see that our initiatives on gender equality are beginning to work, but disappointed that change has been
so slow. It will take some time to redress the historic imbalance we observe at Barclays and in financial services. We need to focus on how to increase the rate of change. To do all that we can to achieve this, in announcing our 2021 women in senior
leadership target set out above, the Group CEO has become the accountable Group Executive Committee member for gender with support from the Group Executive Committee.


LGBT+ and Spectrum

Barclays
has been helping UK society move forward for 328 years – and supporting the LGBT+ community is one of the ways we do that. Barclays led the parade at the biggest ever Pride event in London as the headline sponsor for the fifth year, with our
message


‘Love goes the distance’. The theme celebrated how far society and attitudes have moved
forward, yet keeps the focus on the unfinished journey – that there’s more to overcome to achieve full inclusion. Our message reached over half a million people across multiple communications channels and across the UK over 2,000 Barclays
colleagues participated in 21 regional Pride events across the UK.

An inclusive culture that enables colleagues to bring their whole
selves to work is built on having leadership participation and visible role models. Now in its fourth year, our Spectrum Allies campaign hosted a successful recognition of International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia (IDAHOBIT)
globally with leaders pledging to challenge homophobia, biphobia and transphobia in the workplace and provide support to LGBT+ colleagues. Independent recognition reflects the progress we are making and the impact of our strategy. For the sixth
consecutive year, Stonewall has recognised Barclays as one of only 12 Top Global Employers.

To further support our LGBT+ agenda, we have
instituted a new gender neutral title option of Mx, available for a number of countries. Mx can now be used by anyone who does not want their title to denote their gender, regardless of how they identify their gender. Additionally, we are making our
buildings more inclusive as we have established gender neutral toilet facilities in London, India, and Whippany, and will continue this trend as part of our location strategy.


Finally, we have expanded our health care schemes to meet the needs of our colleagues who identify as
transgender. In the UK we have expanded transgender specific healthcare benefits into our private healthcare scheme.

Disability and
mental health

Supporting colleagues with disabilities and mental health conditions to achieve their goals is a key priority. As part
of our role as a Disability Confident Leader under the UK Government’s Department of Work and Pensions Disability Confident scheme, Barclays has taken an active role in encouraging more businesses to join the scheme, which now exceeds 7,000. To
mark International Day of Persons with Disabilities we launched a paper “Building disability and mental health confidence” which documents our journey to becoming a more accessible and inclusive business.


Our policies for hiring and selection, and in the broad management of our teams, require all employees at Barclays to give full and fair
consideration of disabled persons on the basis of their skills and aptitudes. As part of the Disability Confident scheme we actively encourage applications from those with a disability or health condition, and we continually develop different
recruitment models to remove the barriers to work for people of all abilities. Our Able to Enable internship is just one example. We encourage everyone who is either working with Barclays, or considering doing so, to open up and share information
that will help us to provide the


50 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


support and adjustments, including appropriate training, that they need to be able to feel valued and
fulfilled at work. Barclays’ policies are designed to provide training, career development and promotion opportunities for all, including employees with a disability or health condition.


Reach, the disability and mental health network

Reach, our disability and mental health colleague network, supports colleagues with disabilities, and physical and mental health conditions, to develop and grow their careers within Barclays. It has engaged colleagues through a
range of campaigns during 2018 including World Autism Week, Deaf Awareness Week and World Sight Day. They have grown the number of
colleague-led
 mental health peer support groups both within the UK and in the
US. In July, they launched a new global interactive version of the Workplace Adjustment Passport to create an even simpler way for colleagues to record their adjustments and make for easier conversations as they move through their careers at
Barclays. Through the ‘Your View’ survey 6% of respondents disclosed a disability or mental health condition and the number colleagues registering as allies through our Reach Purple Champions initiative doubled during 2018 with over 1,600
colleagues registering.

Multigenerational


Our Multigenerational agenda aims to enable Barclays to be an employer of choice across generations and life stages by providing tools and
programmes that enable our colleagues to balance their work lives with their personal commitments, while providing them with career development opportunities at each life stage.


We are proud to have joined the Equality and Human Rights Commission’s ‘Working Forward’ campaign which aims to make workplaces the
best they can be for pregnant women and new parents.

Both the 2017 and 2018 multigenerational figures have been reported on the basis of
revised definitions of the multigenerational groupings, in order to better align our reporting to both internal and external categorisations of generations within the workplace.


Dynamic Working – helping shape the agile culture for a technology led workplace


We are committed to creating an inclusive environment and supporting our colleagues in managing their work and

non-work
 priorities through our pioneering campaign Dynamic Working. This flagship campaign of the Multigenerational agenda helps colleagues to integrate their professional and personal lives, whether they are
millennials, ‘midlifers’, dads, mums, colleagues with disabilities or carers.


In 2018, 63% of respondents reported as working dynamically (through Your View, our colleague engagement survey).
Leading the efforts are 2,100 colleagues who have signed up as Dynamic Working champions. Champions support in organising local activities including Dynamic Working clinics where managers have an opportunity to learn more about how to ensure Dynamic
Working can work for them and for their teams.

Since the launch of the campaign in 2015, more than 4,500 leaders have attended a Dynamic
Working clinic. In 2018, we held 55 clinics with more than 550 enrolments across the clinics.

During International Women’s Day 2018
we published a white paper on Dynamic Working where we shared what we have learnt over three years of our campaign execution. The paper is aimed at helping other organisations who are looking to embark on a similar journey of cultural
transformation. The campaign was recognised externally at the UK Working Families Best Practice Awards 2018 where Barclays won the award for the Best for Embedded Flexibility.


Bridge: a new multigenerational network

In 2018, we launched ‘Bridge’ – a multigenerational employee diversity network. The network offers two forums – the already successful ‘Emerge’ for colleagues who are early in their career either with
Barclays or in financial services, and the ‘Midlife’ forum for our more experienced colleagues. Both forums offer development and collaboration opportunities to their members.


Working Families network – our award winning network for parents and carers


Our Working Families Network offers a supportive network for Barclays colleagues who are parents,
parents-to-be
 or carers, and to help with the challenges of balancing family, life and work. The network which has more than 4,600 members runs regular speaker events, webinars and seminars for colleagues, as
well as provide useful information on working family-related topics.

The network also gets involved in helping shape inclusive family
friendly policies. In Asia Pacific, the representatives from the Working Families Network collaborated with the Win network, Spectrum, the LGBT+ networks and HeForShe supporters towards an enhancement of erstwhile paternity leave. To reflect our
inclusive approach, the leave has evolved to a gender-neutral
non-primary
 caregiver leave entitlement. It has been tripled to six weeks paid leave for colleagues in all Barclays entities in China, Hong Kong,
Japan and Singapore and India.

The network was recognised as best family network in the Working Families’ Best Practice Awards 2018
(UK) winning the Cityparents Best Family Network this year. In the US, we’ve been recognised by Working Mother Media in their Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index as a top employer and as one of the Best Companies for Women in India.
Barclays was also named as a Top 10 employers for Working Families by the UK’s work-life balance charity Working Families. The placings are based on the highly competitive Working Families’ benchmarking survey, which examines all aspects
of workplace agility/ flexibility and how employers support the work-life balance of all their staff.

Multicultural


During 2018, we celebrated The Embracing Us campaign for the second year challenging global stereotypes and mind-sets in relation to nationality,
faith, ethnicity, race and language. The campaign saw positive colleague participation during World Culture Day celebrations in May. Colleagues were engaged through multiple communications channels, events, leadership forums and the launch of the
Barclays Culture Wizard, an online learning platform designed to enhance your global
mind-set
 through courses, videos, articles, quizzes, self-assessments and more. A number of Barclays colleagues were also
featured on the EMpower 2018 Ethnic Minorities Leaders List published in the Financial Times.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 51


Governance: Directors’ report


People


We are proud to be a signatory for the new Race at Work Charter announced by the UK Prime Minister in October
2018. The Charter, developed jointly by the Government and Business in the Community (BITC), sets out a number of principles and actions that businesses are asked to publicly commit to, helping to tackle ‘ethnic disparities in the
workplace’. This Charter builds on the work of the 2017 McGregor-Smith review, ‘Race in the workplace’. By being one of the first organisations to sign up to the charter, we are demonstrating our commitment to taking practical steps
to ensure our workplace is tackling barriers that ethnic minorities may face.

The chart above shows the percentage of underrepresented
populations that make up our global and regional populations. Underrepresented populations include Asian, Mixed, Black, Hispanic/Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander and Native American colleagues. To improve the accuracy of reporting
on underrepresented populations, colleagues with an undisclosed ethnicity (22% of our global population) have been excluded from all calculations, both for 2018 and retrospectively for 2017.


Barclays workforce strategy has driven the
year-on-year
 increase in
our permanent headcount, primarily within the Technology function, where there has been a continued focus on both reducing third party staff and bringing intellectual property in house through permanent employment. In addition, in some parts of the
firm we have placed additional focus on hiring specific skill sets externally across our strategic hubs, in line with our location strategy.


Permanent employees by region
2018   2017   2016
United Kingdom   49,900   48,700   46,400
Continental Europe and Middle East   3,200   3,600   4,700
Americas   10,600   10,400   9,700
Asia Pacific   19,800   17,200   15,700
Africa   –   –   42,800
Total   83,500   79,900   119,300


Cultural change


Over the last three years we have focused on developing and embedding a Culture measurement framework, and in 2018 with the launch of our new
Purpose, have continued to evolve the framework so that it generates useful insights for senior management to take action on to drive cultural change.

This year, the Culture Dashboard has remained anchored in our Values; with consistency in metrics maintained as far as is practical whilst also addressing business feedback regarding the flexibility to include business specific
metrics. Reporting continues to the Board Reputation Committee, Group Executive Committee and Business Unit and Functional Executive Committees stimulating discussion and debate.


Colleague engagement is a useful data point contained in the Culture Dashboard and one measure of how we are embedding the desired culture. This
year, we have seen the engagement of colleagues improve by 4% points since 2016 to 79% in 2018, underscoring the continued efforts to make Barclays a great place to work. Other key highlights which also demonstrate the continued embedding of the
Values of Respect and Stewardship include “Barclays is focused on achieving good customer and client outcomes” (92% favourable, up 9% points on 2016); “I can be myself at work” (91% favourable) and “I would recommend
Barclays as a good place to work” (83% favourable, up 7% points on 2016).


Examples of group wide actions that are key to unlocking colleague engagement and embedding the
desired culture include the continued focus on our Dynamic Working campaign. An area of continued opportunity is embedding the value of Excellence, by enabling our colleagues through enhanced technology and collaboration tools. The ongoing
investment in our technology is having an impact with colleague responses to the question “My business has been successful in eliminating obstacles to efficiency” (59% favourable, up 23% points on 2016) which is a sign that progress is
being made, albeit there is still more to do.

Note: The Your View comparisons are shown as 2018 v 2016 because in 2016 was the last
all employee survey. During 2017 we ran quarterly surveys surveying 25% of our population each quarter.


52 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual statement from the


Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee


Our focus is on aligning pay with performance, while ensuring we continue to attract and retain the employees critical to delivering our strategy. Our Fair Pay Agenda is a key lens the Committee applies when
considering the appropriateness of pay outcomes


Contents   Remuneration
Page   Committee members
Annual
statement   53   Chairman Crawford Gillies Members Tim
Breedon Mary Francis Dambisa Moyo
At a glance -
Group performance and pay for 2018   56
Remuneration
policy for all employees   58
Directors’
remuneration policy   63
Annual report on
Directors’ remuneration   66


Dear Fellow Shareholders


As Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee, I am pleased to introduce the Remuneration report for 2018.


I have been a member of the Committee since May 2014 and Chairman since April 2015. Through this period, I have observed an increased focus in our
discussions on many of the important themes encapsulated within Barclays’ Fair Pay Agenda. While each of the concepts has evolved at Barclays over many years, the way that they are strategically incorporated within the overall agenda and the
prominence that this takes in the collective thinking of the Committee has certainly changed. It has become an increasingly important lens through which we consider the appropriateness of pay outcomes throughout the Group. As a Committee we are
proud of the ongoing work in this area, and in particular of the Fair Pay Report that we publish this year to highlight some of the achievements to date, while importantly setting out our areas of focus for the future.


As well as fair pay, the Committee continues to focus on rewarding sustainable performance as one of the key elements of our remuneration
philosophy. Rewarding sustainable performance means looking at performance through multiple lenses throughout the business, to ensure that we align how our staff are paid with a holistic view of their performance.


2018 has also seen the Remuneration Committees of two of our major subsidiary entities (Barclays Bank
UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC) become fully operational. The Committee has valued the additional oversight that both Committees bring, and the positive interactions that have taken place with the Barclays PLC Committee.


I would like to thank you for your strong support of the implementation of the remuneration policy at the last Annual General Meeting (AGM), at
which it received almost 96% of shareholder votes in favour. I have set out below a summary of our 2018 performance, the key decisions made on remuneration and the areas of focus for 2019.


Performance and pay

2018
has been a year of positive strategic and financial performance for the Group. Strong progress towards our external financial targets has been made, with profit before tax
1
 (PBT) up £953m
(20%) from 2017 to £5,701m. Group return on tangible equity
2
 (RoTE) is 8.5%, up 2.9% points on prior year and on track to achieve our targets for 2019 and 2020. Our Common Equity Tier 1
(CET1) ratio is 13.2%, at the
end-state
 target range of c13%.

It has also been another year of
successful execution against our strategy. This included the
stand-up
 of the UK ring-fenced bank, full regulatory deconsolidation of Barclays Africa


Group Limited (BAGL), and the conclusion of a number of significant legacy litigation and conduct
matters.

The Committee shares the disappointment that this positive performance has not yet translated into share price performance, as
macroeconomic factors continue to weigh heavily on investor sentiment. In determining the appropriate pay outcomes for 2018, we have taken a balanced view of performance, reflecting both the significant progress made during the year and the
foundations laid for further and sustainable future improvements. It is important for the Committee to recognise these positive steps in performance, ensuring that Barclays continues to be able to attract and retain the talent needed to deliver our
strategy and returns to our shareholders.

The Committee has approved a Group incentive pool of £1,649m, up 9% from 2017, against a
PBT
1
 increase of 20%. This pool change is the first increase in our incentive pool since 2013. Since 2010, our incentive pool is down 53%. This trend means that in some areas of the bank, pay is
now positioned behind our peers when adjusted for performance. A small part of the increase in the incentive pool is intended to ensure that we continue to align pay with performance and retain high performing talent in key business areas.


The increase also reflects some strategic


Notes


1   Excluding litigation and conduct


2   Excluding litigation and conduct. The prior year excludes litigation and conduct, Deferred Tax
Asset re-measurement and the loss on the sale of 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital and the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 53


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual statement from the


Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee


hiring into key areas as well as an increase in permanent staff headcount, as we reduce outsourcing
and third party arrangements in favour of building internal capability in line with our technology strategy to deliver ongoing cost efficiencies and retain intellectual property for the Group.


The Committee reviews key compensation ratios as part of its decision making on the pool, for example the Group compensation to net income ratio
3
, which continues to improve, down year on year from 38.0% to 36.6%. The ratio of Group staff costs to income
3
 also reduced from 40.6% in 2017 to
40.2%, demonstrating the effectiveness of the insourcing strategy in reducing overall staff costs.

The total incentive pool incorporates
appropriate adjustments for risk and conduct matters, reflecting the ongoing seriousness with which the Committee views these issues.


Fair pay

We continue to be
committed to fair pay, ensuring that all our employees are appropriately and fairly rewarded for their contribution. The 2018 Fair Pay Report sets out our progress against each of the five themes of Barclays’ Fair Pay Agenda as referenced in
last year’s remuneration report.

Our gender pay gap reporting is included within Gender Pay Gap ‘equal opportunities to
progress’, given the underlying drivers of the pay gaps relate to the distribution of male and female staff within the organisation.


The Committee notes that the disclosed gender pay gaps, while down slightly, are broadly consistent with the 2017 outcomes. Through 2018,
Barclays’ approaches have been assessed against the ‘Evidence-based actions’ list as published by the UK Government Equalities Office and the Behavioural Insights Team, which has been very informative. While in many areas our existing
approaches are aligned with those listed as effective actions, there is scope for further improvement. The Fair Pay Report sets out areas of focus to increase the rate of change.


Additionally, as well as supporting the Government’s consultation on Ethnicity Pay Gap reporting, we have decided to include our ethnicity pay
gap for the first time, ahead of any mandatory reporting requirements. This is intended to foster further positive conversations in this space, as the gender pay gap reporting has done across our industry and more broadly in society.


Some of the other highlights noted by the Committee through 2018 have included the ongoing work in ensuring that we treat our lowest paid employees
fairly through initiatives such as increasing pension


contributions to our most junior populations in the UK, to be followed by a review in other locations
during 2019.

We also make sure that employees are appropriately represented in remuneration decision-making. We listen to our employees
(as we do with other stakeholders) through a number of different channels, both formally and informally. Many of my fellow Committee members at both the Group and subsidiary levels have spent time with staff and listened to their views and
perspectives around how they are paid. An example of a more structured piece of employee engagement on remuneration within Barclays UK is included in the Fair Pay Report. It included conducting a pulse survey of over 2,000 employees, as well as 25
focus groups held across multiple sites and business areas. The key themes that emerged resonated with the Group remuneration philosophy, including a desire for greater simplicity and transparency. Work is ongoing to respond to this feedback, which
will be communicated to our colleagues in Barclays UK during 2019.

The Committee reviews pay proposals for appropriateness across both
businesses and corporate grade structures, with pay for executive Directors thereby set in the context of business performance and pay for all employees. Additionally, we disclose our CEO pay ratios once again, following on from our first disclosure
last year. Ahead of requirements from the UK government, this year we also include the UK employee upper quartile and lower quartile reference points.

A high level summary of our Fair Pay Report is included on page 61. Our full Fair Pay Report can be found on home.barclays/ annualreport.

Key remuneration decisions for executive Directors

In line with the current Directors’ Remuneration Policy
(DRP) approved by shareholders at the 2017 AGM, the Committee considered the executive Directors’ performance against the financial and strategic
non-financial
 performance measures which had been set to
reflect company priorities for 2018. Separately, performance against their personal objectives was assessed on an individual basis.


Based on Jes Staley’s performance against the performance measures set at the beginning of the year, the Committee approved a 2018 bonus of
£1,061,000 (48.3% of maximum) of which 62% will be deferred. This incentive outcome is slightly down from 2017, despite the strong strategic progress and significant improvement in financial performance over the year. This is because of the
very stretching financial targets in the annual bonus plan set by the Committee, which paid below target


despite 20% year on year PBT
4
 growth. The
Committee’s deliberations on his 2018 personal performance have taken account of financial delivery, in particular ensuring that the Group is on track to deliver against our 2019 and 2020 financial targets. The Committee has also taken account
of the successful completion of the Structural Reform programme, with the UK ring-fenced bank fully operational and Barclays UK adequately capitalised. The significant work required to ensure that the Group is prepared for Brexit has also been
recognised, as Barclays Bank Ireland is on track to be operational in its expanded form from 29 March 2019. The Committee has also noted the significant progress in strategic
non-financial
 performance
across the Group, in particular against our Citizenship agenda and Colleague metrics as well as improvements in key Customer and Client measures.

As previously announced, malus has been applied to Jes Staley’s 2016 variable compensation. Following the conclusion of the FCA and PRA investigations into Jes Staley, the Committee determined to reduce the awarded value of his
2016 variable compensation by £500,000.

Based on Tushar Morzaria’s performance against the performance measures set at the
beginning of the year, the Committee approved a 2018 bonus of £729,000 (49.3% of maximum) of which 45% will be deferred. Similar to the annual bonus outcome for Jes Staley, this is slightly down on 2017 as a result of very stretching financial
targets in the annual bonus plan. The Committee has taken account of the instrumental role Tushar Morzaria has played in delivering the 2018 financial outcomes, continuing to make improvements in cost management, as well as applying greater control
and management of the allocation and deployment of capital across the Group. The Committee has also noted his key role in the execution of the Structural Reform programme. Tushar Morzaria has exemplified our Values and delivered favourable
engagement scores within his Finance function. Additionally, he continues to demonstrate effective management of key stakeholders, receiving excellent feedback from the Board, regulators and shareholders.


The Committee decided to make an award under the 2019–2021 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) cycle to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria with a face
value at grant of 120% of their respective Total fixed pay. This reflects their strong performance in 2018, as well as the importance that they are retained during the coming years to continue to deliver our strategy.


Note


3 Basis aligned with disclosure in the Results Announcement


4 Excluding litigation and conduct


54 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The Committee reflected on the appropriateness of making a full LTIP award for the 2019-2021 cycle,
given the decline in share price over the last year and considering key institutional investor guidance. It concluded that this would be appropriate, as macroeconomic uncertainties have played a key part in the share price reductions, reflected
across our industry. Additionally, the LTIP award has stretching performance conditions attached and given the long vesting periods (up to 8 years), shares will be released from this and other LTIP awards across different economic cycles at
different share prices. Importantly, the Committee also retains complete discretion to reduce the number of vested shares should it appear that the executive Directors will benefit in a way not aligned with performance. The Committee determined the
outcomes of the 2018 annual bonus and the LTIP award alongside each other, ensuring that the outcomes are appropriately balanced. This was based on a full assessment of performance across all of the relevant factors.


The performance measures for the LTIP have been reviewed and continue to align with our external key performance targets. RoTE and cost: income
ratio have been retained as the key financial metrics, with the weightings remaining unchanged at 50% and 20% respectively. The RoTE measure remains subject to a CET1 ratio underpin.


Both executive Directors’ Fixed Pay will be unchanged for 2019 at £2,350,000 for Jes Staley and £1,650,000 for Tushar Morzaria;
aligned with the DRP approved at the 2017 AGM.

Looking ahead


As a Committee, we will be reviewing the DRP to ensure that future arrangements are aligned with our strategy and meet any new regulatory
requirements. This will be developed over the coming months and we will engage constructively with shareholders and regulators ahead of the 2020 AGM, where we will be seeking shareholder approval.


The Committee has reviewed the updated UK Corporate Governance Code, and is pleased that Barclays remuneration policies align to its requirements in
many areas, including vesting periods for deferred shares and the ability to apply malus, clawback to awards made and post-employment shareholding requirements. While the Committee has for many years reviewed remuneration policies and outcomes for
the broader workforce, this has now been formalised within its Terms of Reference and will continue to be considered throughout 2019 when making decisions for both the executive Directors, other senior employees and the wider workforce.


In finalising our plans ahead of the departure of the UK from the EU, the Committee will continue to work on the remuneration aspects associated
with the operationalisation of Barclays Bank Ireland in its expanded form.

Finally, the Committee continues to focus on our Fair Pay
Agenda as thinking and best


practice in this important area evolves.

Remuneration report


We have provided an ‘At a glance’ summary of 2018 performance and pay on the next page. The annual report on Directors’ remuneration
provides further details. In line with UK regulations, we are seeking shareholder approval at the 2019 AGM for the Remuneration report. Further details can be found in the 2019 AGM Notice of Meeting.


Crawford Gillies

Chairman,
Board Remuneration Committee

20 February 2019


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 55


Governance: Remuneration report


At a glance – Group performance and pay for 2018


Group performance and pay


Significant strategic progress was made in 2018 including:


◾   Strong progress towards 2019 and 2020 financial targets


◾   Successful stand-up of the UK ring-fenced bank


◾   Full regulatory deconsolidation of BAGL


◾   Year of strong strategic performance, including improvements in:


      –  Customer & Client measures such as Net Promoter Scores
®


      –  Colleague measures such as
improved engagement scores

      –  Citizenship measures including exceeding carbon
emissions target


◾   Pool increase of 9% aligns with stronger financial performance (PBT 2 up 20% and RoTE 3 up 2.9%pts) and significant strategic execution


◾   Incentive pool has been materially repositioned since 2010 (2018 incentive pool outcome is down 53% on
2010)


1   Excluding litigation and conduct


2   Excluding litigation and conduct. The prior year excludes litigation and conduct, Deferred Tax
Asset re-measurement and the loss on the sale of 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital and the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL.


3   Basis aligned with disclosure in the Results Announcement. In future the ratio will be disclosed
as ‘Group compensation to total income’ to fully align with the disclosure in the Results Announcement. In this transitional year, both figures are provided: the Group compensation to total income ratio for 2018 is 34.1%, up slightly from
33.8% in 2017. The slight increase is due to insourcing, as seen in the reduced ratio of Group staff costs to income shown above. CIB front-office to total income ratio is broadly flat at 25.6%.


56 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Executive Directors: Performance outcomes


Executive Directors: Remuneration outcomes


2
 Jes Staley was not a participant in the 2015-2017 or
2016-2018 LTIP cycles; the LTIP figures for 2017 and 2018 are therefore zero for him


3
 This outcome does not reflect the malus applied to Jes Staley’s 2016 variable
compensation, which is required to be included in the 2018 single total figure table.

Executive Directors: Share ownership


Shareholding requirement policy:


◾   minimum of 200% of Total fixed pay (i.e. Fixed Pay plus Pension) within five years from date of
appointment


◾   shareholding requirement for two years post termination of 100% of Total fixed pay (or pro-rata thereof) introduced from 2017


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 57


Governance: Remuneration report


Remuneration policy for all employees


This section sets out
Barclays’ remuneration policy for all employees, explaining the philosophy underlying the structure of remuneration packages, and how this links remuneration to the achievement of sustained high performance and long-term value
creation.

Remuneration philosophy


In October 2015, the Committee formally adopted a revised, simplified remuneration philosophy which articulates Barclays’ overarching
remuneration approach and is set out below.


Barclays’ remuneration philosophy
Attract and retain
talent needed to deliver Barclays’ strategy   Long-term success
depends on the talent of our employees. This means attracting and retaining an appropriate range of talent to deliver against our strategy, and paying the right amount for that talent
Align pay with
investor interests   Ensure
employees’ interests are aligned with those of investors (equity and debt holders), both in structure and the appropriate balance of returns
Reward sustainable
performance   Sustainable
performance means making a positive contribution to stakeholders, in both the short and longer term, playing a valuable role in society
Support
Barclays’ Values and culture   Results must be
achieved in a manner consistent with our Values. Our Values and culture should drive the way that business is conducted
Align with risk
appetite, risk exposure and conduct expectations   Designed to reward
employees for achieving results in line with the Bank’s risk appetite and conduct expectations
Be clear,
transparent and as simple as possible   All employees and
stakeholders should understand how we reward our employees. Remuneration structures should be as simple as possible so that everyone can understand how they work and the behaviours they reward


Performance and remuneration


Barclays’ remuneration philosophy links remuneration to achieving sustained high performance and creating long-term value. Our remuneration
philosophy applies to all employees globally across Barclays and aims to reinforce our belief that effective performance management is critical to enabling the delivery of our business strategy in line with our Values. Employees who adhere to the
Barclays’ Values and contribute to Barclays’ success are rewarded accordingly.

This is achieved by basing performance
assessment on clear standards of delivery and behaviour, and starts with employees aligning their objectives (‘what’ they will deliver) to business and team goals in order to support the delivery of the business strategy and good
client/customer outcomes. Behavioural expectations (‘how’ people will achieve their objectives) are set in the context of our Values.

Performance is assessed against both financial and
non-financial
 criteria. Other factors are also taken into consideration within the overall performance assessment, including core job
responsibilities, behaviours towards risk and control, colleague and stakeholder feedback as well as input from the Risk and Compliance functions, where appropriate.


Through our approach to performance, the equal importance of both ‘what’ an individual has delivered as well as ‘how’ the
individual has achieved this is emphasised, encouraging balanced consideration of each dimension. Both of these elements are assessed and rated independently of each other. There is no requirement to have an overall rating which allows for more
robust and reflective conversations between managers and team members on the individual components of performance.

A key part of the
performance philosophy promotes ongoing quality dialogue throughout the year. This helps manage performance messages effectively and allows for more timely recognition as well as appropriate coaching, feedback and support where needed.


By linking individual performance assessment to Barclays’ strategy and our Values and, in turn, to remuneration decisions, a clear alignment
between what we are striving to achieve, how we go about this, and ultimately, how we recognise this in individual financial terms is achieved.


58 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk, conduct and remuneration

Another key feature of our remuneration philosophy is the alignment of remuneration with our risk appetite and with the conduct expectations of Barclays, our regulators and stakeholders. The Committee takes risk and conduct events
very seriously and ensures that there are appropriate adjustments to individual remuneration and, where necessary, the incentive pool.


The Remuneration Review Panel, which reports to the Committee, supports the Committee in this process. The Panel is chaired by the Group HR Director
and includes the Group Heads of Risk, Compliance, Legal and Internal Audit as well as the CEOs of Barclays UK and Barclays International. It sets the policy and processes for assessing compensation adjustments for risk and conduct events.


We have robust processes for considering risk and conduct as part of individual performance management processes with outcomes reflected
in individual remuneration decisions. Line managers have primary accountability for ensuring that risk and conduct issues are considered when assessing performance and making remuneration decisions. In addition, there is a secondary review by the
control functions for individuals involved in significant failures of risk management, conduct issues, regulatory actions or other major incidents which impact either the Group or business to ensure these issues are also considered. When considering
individual responsibility, a variety of factors are taken into account such as whether an individual was directly responsible or whether the individual, by virtue of seniority, could be deemed indirectly responsible, including staff who drive the
Group’s culture and set its strategy.


Actions which may be taken where risk management and conduct falls below
required standards include:
Adjustment   Current year annual bonuses are adjusted downwards where individuals are found to be
responsible (either directly or indirectly) in a risk or misconduct event.
Malus   Deferred unvested
bonuses from prior years are subject to malus provisions which enable the Committee to reduce the vesting level of deferred bonuses (including to nil) at its discretion. Events which may lead the Committee to do this include, but are not limited to,
employee misconduct or a material failure of risk management.
Clawback   Clawback applies to any variable remuneration awarded to a
Material Risk Taker (MRT) on or after 1 January 2015 in respect of years for which they are a MRT. Barclays may apply clawback if, at any time during the seven-year period from the date on which variable remuneration is awarded to a MRT:
(i) there is reasonable evidence of employee misbehaviour or material error, and/or (ii) the firm or the business unit suffers a material failure of risk management, taking account of the individual’s proximity to and responsibility
for that incident.
Clawback may be
extended to 10 years for PRA Senior Managers where there are outstanding internal or regulatory investigations at the end of the seven-year clawback period.

In addition to reductions to individuals’ bonuses, the Committee considers and makes collective adjustments to
the incentive pool for specific risk and conduct events. For 2018, the impact of these collective adjustments, resulting from both the direct financial impact on performance and the additional adjustments applied by the Committee, is a reduction of
c.£290m.

We have also adjusted the incentive pool to take account of an assessment of a wide range of future risks including
conduct,
non-financial
 factors that can support the delivery of a strong risk management, control and conduct culture and other factors including reputation, impact on customers, markets and other
stakeholders. The Committee was supported in its consideration of this adjustment by the Board Risk Committee and the Board Reputation Committee.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 59


Governance: Remuneration report


Remuneration policy for all employees


Remuneration structure


The remuneration structure for employees is closely aligned with that for executive Directors, set out in detail in the DRP which can be found on
pages 108 to 120 of the 2016 Annual Report. The primary exception being that the executive Directors participate in the Barclays’ LTIP and receive part of their Fixed Pay in Barclays PLC shares.


Employees receive salary, pension and other benefits and are eligible to be considered for an annual bonus. Employees in some customer-facing
businesses participate in formulaic incentive plans, including plans which have good customer outcomes as the primary performance measure. The plans also recognise how results have been achieved in line with Barclays’ Values. Some senior
employees also receive Role Based Pay (RBP). Remuneration of MRTs is subject to the 2:1 maximum ratio of variable to fixed remuneration. A total of 1,590 (2017: 1,642 or 1,570 excluding BAGL) individuals were MRTs in 2018.


The remuneration of employees engaged in control functions is determined independently from the business they support and within the parameters of
the incentive pool allocated to them by the Committee. Remuneration for control function employees is less weighted towards variable remuneration as compared to front-office employees and variable remuneration is typically limited to one times fixed
remuneration. This leads to less volatility in overall control function remuneration as compared to front-office outcomes.


Fixed remuneration
Salary   Salaries reflect individuals’ skills and experience and are reviewed
annually. They are increased where justified by role change,
increased responsibility or a change in the appropriate market rate. Salaries may also be increased in line with local statutory requirements and in line with union and works council commitments.
Role Based Pay (RBP)   A small number of senior employees receive a class of fixed pay called RBP to
recognise the seniority, breadth and depth of their role.
Pension and benefits   The provision of a competitive package of benefits is important to attracting
and retaining the talented staff needed to deliver Barclays’ strategy. Employees have access to a range of country-specific company-funded benefits, including pension schemes, healthcare, life assurance and Barclays’ share plans as well as
other voluntary employee funded benefits. The cost of providing these benefits is defined and controlled.
Variable remuneration
Annual bonus   Annual bonuses incentivise and reward the
achievement of Group, business and individual objectives, and reward employees for demonstrating individual behaviours in line with Barclays’ Values.
The ability to recognise performance through
variable remuneration enables the Group to control its cost base flexibly and to react to events and market circumstances. Bonuses remain a key feature of remuneration practice in the highly competitive and mobile market for talent in the financial
services sector. The Committee is careful to control the proportion of variable to fixed remuneration paid to individuals and also to ensure an appropriate amount is deferred to future years.
The typical deferral structures are:
For MRTs:   For non-MRTs:
Incentive award   Amount deferred   Incentive award   Amount deferred
< £500,000   40% of total award   Up to £65,000   0%
£500,000 to £1,000,000   60% of total award   > £65,000   Graduated level of deferral
³ £1,000,000   60% up to £1,000,000
100% above £1,000,000
Deferred bonuses are generally delivered in equal portions as deferred cash and deferred shares subject to the rules of the deferred cash and share plans (as amended from
time to time) and continued service. Deferred bonuses are subject to either a 3, 5 or 7-year deferral period in line with regulatory requirements.
Where dividend equivalents cannot be delivered on deferred bonus shares, the
number of deferred bonus shares awarded will be calculated using a share price discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.
Share plans   Alignment of senior employees with shareholders is achieved through deferral
of incentive pay. We also encourage wider employee shareholding through the all-employee share plans. 98% of the global employee population is eligible to participate (up from 86% in 2017).


60 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Fair Pay Agenda

The
principles and policies that govern our approach to pay have evolved over many years. Through five broad themes, our Fair Pay Agenda brings that approach together in one place; to explain clearly how we think about pay, and how it sits alongside the
other support we provide to help our people succeed both in and outside of work. We are committed to ensuring that pay is not only fair, but simple and transparent to all of our stakeholders. We have published a standalone Fair Pay Report for the
first time this year.

The following sets out some highlights. We encourage you to read the full Fair Pay Report, which can be found on
home.barclays/annualreport.


Pay for our lowest-paid employees is sufficient, simple and transparent, appropriately rewarding all of our
people for their work. It is important to us that all of our employees feel fulfilled and can bring the best version of themselves to work, which means that they must be paid in a way that supports a decent quality of living.


Barclays was the first major financial services institution to become an accredited UK living wage employer in 2013, with all UK permanent employees
and those who provide services at our sites being paid at least the current National Living Wage (and London Living Wage in London) as set by the Living Wage Foundation.


For our lower-paid employees, more of their remuneration is delivered in fixed pay, which means that their total compensation is less volatile and
less at risk.

In difficult years, where budgets are most constrained, pay increases are focused on more junior populations.


Bonuses are a smaller part of the overall package for lower-paid employees but are available for people that really deliver for our customers and
clients.

To begin to extend our living wage commitment beyond the UK, and will use the Fight for $15 as a reference point in the US. We
have plans for enhanced pension arrangements for our most junior employees in the UK, and are reviewing the pay structures for our branch and contact centre staff.


We believe that diverse organisations perform better, and that diverse perspectives across the leadership of our
organisation lead to better decisions. We are an equal opportunities employer. This means that we hire diverse people from all backgrounds, and that all of our employees have the same opportunity to progress.


We have a number of initiatives in place to support employees in reaching their full potential, and in balancing their life commitments and their
work commitments. These are described in more detail in the People section on pages 47 to 52 and are intended to support all of our employees.

As part of our review of our progress in our Gender Pay Gap disclosure, we have tested our initiatives against best practice for closing Gender Pay Gaps as set out by the Government Equalities Office and the Behavioural Insights
Team, and are pleased that a number of initiatives in place should be effective over the long-term. This assessment can be reviewed in our Fair Pay Report.

We still have more to do, and continue to develop our Diversity and Inclusion programmes and initiatives as part of our key agendas on gender, multicultural, LGBT+, disability & mental health and multigenerational.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 61


Governance: Remuneration report


Remuneration policy for all employees


We take specific steps to ensure that employees are paid equally for doing the same job, which means ensuring
they are rewarded fairly, with regard to their specific role, responsibilities and the other factors that appropriately affect pay. We have formalised this commitment to Equal Pay for the first time in our Fair Pay Report.


Our Equal Pay Commitment sets out the steps we take, including:


◾   Being explicit with those who make pay decisions through clear guidance and training, that those
decisions must reflect the individual’s role and contribution


◾   Requiring that pay decisions must not, directly or indirectly, take into account an individual’s
gender, age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, maternity, shared parental, paternity or parental leave, veteran status, disability or any other protected characteristic


◾   Subjecting our annual pay review to a rigorous check and challenge process internally


◾   Working closely with Unite in the UK to evaluate the fairness of performance management and pay
distribution concerning the union-recognised population


◾   Communicating more with our staff and other stakeholders about pay, and increasing the transparency of
our Fair Pay Agenda


◾   Continuing to look for opportunities to simplify our pay structures where appropriate

We continue to develop our processes to manage Equal Pay, and to review pay outcomes for all of our employees


We make sure that employees are appropriately represented in remuneration decision-making.


It is important to us that there is engagement between employees and the Board on a broad range of issues, including remuneration. This helps the
Board to ensure that Barclays is run for the benefit of all stakeholders.

Management listens to employees through a wide range of
different channels, and reports its views to the Board. This includes through senior management dialogue with the Remuneration Committee and through the
year-end
 performance and pay review processes.


In addition, several of our jurisdictions are covered by unions or works councils, with approximately 83% of the UK workforce being
represented by Unite, our recognised trade union in the UK.

We also report employee views to the Board through the annual employee
opinion survey and a dedicated culture dashboard. Additionally, the Board receives the CEO’s monthly Barclays PLC report which covers engagement and diversity.


We ensure that both executive pay and employee pay are linked to sustainable business performance.


We reward sustainable performance. This means making a positive contribution to stakeholders, in both the short and longer term. To do
this, we review performance through financial and
non-financial
 lenses, and assess individual performance both on “what” is achieved and “how” it is achieved.


In line with our commitment to fair pay for the lowest paid, we ensure that employees at the most junior levels are not significantly exposed to
fluctuations in business performance. This helps to plan and manage income more effectively.

Our Fair Pay Report includes illustrations
of our approaches to pay for individuals at different levels of the organisation. It shows that as employees progress through the organisation and become more senior, a greater proportion of their remuneration is linked to individual and business
performance, and is therefore at risk. Pay at the most senior levels is most heavily weighted towards performance-related incentives. A significant proportion of remuneration for senior employees is also delivered in deferred shares, ensuring
longer-term alignment with company performance. The shares are deferred over 3, 5 or 7 years depending on level of pay and seniority.


62 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


Directors’ remuneration policy


This section sets out a summary of the Barclays’ forward-looking DRP and is provided for
information only. The DRP was approved at the 2017 AGM held on 10 May 2017 and applies for three years from that date. The full DRP can be found on pages 108 to 120 of the 2016 Annual Report or at
home.barclays/annualreport
.


Remuneration policy summary – executive Directors


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation in 2019
Fixed Pay To reward skills and experience appropriate for the breadth and depth of the role and to provide the basis for a competitive remuneration
package   Fixed Pay is determined with reference to market practice and historical market data (on
which the Committee receives independent advice), and reflects the individual’s experience and role. Total compensation is benchmarked against comparable roles in banks. 50% of Fixed Pay is delivered in cash (paid monthly), and 50% is delivered in
shares. The shares are delivered quarterly and are subject to a holding period with restrictions lifting over five years (20% each year). As the executive Directors beneficially own the shares, they will be entitled to any dividends paid on those
shares. There are no performance measures. Malus and clawback
provisions do not apply to Fixed Pay.   No change from 2018. ◾ Jes Staley: £2,350,000 ◾ Tushar Morzaria:
£1,650,000 These amounts are fixed and will not change
during the policy period for these individuals.
Pension To enable executive Directors to build long-term retirement savings   Executive Directors receive an annual cash allowance in lieu of participation in a pension
arrangement. For new hires, the pension allowance is limited to
10% of Fixed Pay.   No change from 2018. ◾ Jes Staley: £396,000 (Equivalent to 17% of Fixed Pay) ◾ Tushar Morzaria:
£200,000 (Equivalent to 12% of Fixed Pay) These amounts are fixed and will not change during the policy period for
these individuals.
Benefits To provide a competitive and cost effective benefits package appropriate to the role and location   Executive Directors’ benefits provision includes, but is not restricted to, private
medical cover, annual health check, life and ill health income protection, car cash allowance, and use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes. In addition to the above, if an executive Director were to relocate,
additional support would be provided for a defined and limited period of time in line with Barclays’ general employee mobility policy. Barclays will pay the tax on relocation costs but will not tax equalise and will also not pay tax on any
other employment income.   No change from 2018.
Annual bonus To reward delivery of short- term financial targets set each year, the individual performance of the executive Directors in achieving those targets,
and their contribution to delivering Barclays’ strategic objectives Delivery in part in shares with a holding period increases alignment with shareholders. Deferred bonuses encourage longer term focus and retention   The maximum annual bonus opportunity is 80% of Total fixed pay. For these purposes Total
fixed pay is Fixed Pay plus Pension. The performance measures
include financial and non-financial measures, including risk related measures and other personal objectives. Financial measures will be at least 60% of the bonus opportunity. The Committee has discretion to
vary the measures and their respective weighting within each category. Annual bonuses are delivered as a combination of cash and shares, a proportion of which may be deferred and/or subject to a holding period. Deferral proportions and vesting profiles will be structured so that, in combination with
any LTIP award, the proportion of variable pay that is deferred is no less than that required by regulations. Dividend equivalents are payable on vested deferred bonus shares. If dividend equivalents are not permissible during the vesting period under
regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be determined using a share price discounted by reference to the expected dividend yield. A notional discount may be applied to deferred bonuses for the purposes of calculating the 2:1 cap to the extent permitted by
regulations. Awards are subject to malus during the vesting period
and clawback for a period of seven years (10 years in specific circumstances) from the date of award.   Details of performance measures are set out on page 74. Shares issued are subject to a holding period of one year after
vesting. As dividend equivalents are not permissible under
regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be calculated using a share price discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 63


Governance: Remuneration report


Directors’ remuneration policy


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation in 2019
Annual bonus continued   Non-deferred cash components of any bonus are paid
following the performance year to which they relate, normally in March. Non-deferred share bonuses are also awarded normally in March and are subject to a holding period (after the payment of tax) in line with
regulations. Deferred share bonuses are structured so that no
deferred shares vest faster than permitted by regulations. Any shares that vest are subject to an additional holding period (after payment of tax) in line with regulations.
Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) award To reward execution of Barclays’ strategy over a multi-year period Long-term performance measurement, deferral and holding periods encourage a
long-term view and align executive Directors’ interests with those of shareholders. Malus and clawback provisions discourage excessive risk-taking and inappropriate behaviours   The maximum annual LTIP award is 120% of Total fixed pay. For these purposes Total fixed
pay is Fixed Pay plus Pension. Forward-looking performance
measures will be based on financial performance and other long-term strategic measures. Financial measures will be at least 70% of the total opportunity. Straight-line vesting applies between threshold and maximum for the financial measures with no
more than 25% vesting at threshold performance. LTIP awards are
structured so that when combined with the annual bonus the proportion of variable pay that is deferred is no less than that required by regulations. The Committee has discretion to vary the measures year on year and their respective weighting within each category. The Committee also has
discretion to amend targets, measures and the number of awards in exceptional circumstances and to reduce the vesting of any award, including to nil, if it deems that the outcome is not consistent with performance. Dividend equivalents are payable on vested deferred shares. If dividend
equivalents are not permissible during the vesting period under the regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be determined using a share price discounted by reference to the expected dividend yield. A notional discount may be applied to LTIP awards for the purposes of
calculating the 2:1 cap to the extent permitted by regulations. Awards are subject to malus during the vesting period and clawback for a period of seven years (10 years in specific circumstances) from the date of
award. No LTIP award vests before the third anniversary of grant
and an award vests no faster than permitted by regulations (currently in five equal tranches with the first tranche vesting on or around the third anniversary of grant and the last tranche vesting on or around the seventh anniversary of the grant
date). Any shares that vest are subject to an additional holding period (after payment of tax) in line with regulations.   Details of performance measures and targets for awards to be made in 2019 (in respect of
2018) are set out on page 73. For awards to be made in respect of
2019, the measures and targets will be determined at the end of 2019 for the performance period commencing on 1 January 2020. On vesting, the award is subject to a holding period of one year. As dividend equivalents are not permissible under regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be calculated using a share price discounted
to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.
Shareholding requirement To further enhance the alignment of shareholders’ and executive Directors’ interests in long-term value creation   Executive Directors must build up a shareholding of 200% of Total fixed pay (i.e. Fixed
Pay plus Pension) within five years from the date of appointment as executive Director. Executive Directors must also continue to hold a shareholding of 100% of Total fixed pay (or pro-rata thereof ) for two years post-termination.   No change from 2018. (Equivalent to 457% of Salary for the Group Chief Executive under the
previous DRP.)


64 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Remuneration policy summary –
non-executive
 Directors


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation in 2019 a
Fees Reflect individual responsibilities and membership of Board Committees and are set to attract non-executive Directors who have relevant skills and experience to oversee the implementation of our strategy Fees are set at a level which reflects the role, responsibilities and time commitment which are expected from the Chairman and non-executive Directors   The Chairman is paid an all-inclusive fee for all
Board responsibilities. The Chairman has a minimum time commitment equivalent to at least 80% of a full-time role. The other non-executive Directors receive a basic Board fee, with additional fees payable
where individuals serve as a member or Chairman of a Committee of the Board. Fees are reviewed each year by the Board as a whole. Other than in exceptional circumstances, fees will not increase by more than 20% above the current fee levels during this policy period (basic fees last increased in
2011). £30,000 (Chairman: £100,000) after tax and
national insurance contributions per annum of each non-executive Director’s basic fee is used to purchase Barclays’ shares which are retained on the non-executive Director’s behalf until they retire from the Board. Some non-executive Directors may also receive fees as directors of subsidiary companies of Barclays
PLC   No change from 2018.
Benefits   The Chairman is provided with private medical cover subject to the terms of the
Barclays’ scheme rules from time to time, and is provided with the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes. Benefits which are minor in nature and do not exceed a cost of £500 may be provided to non-executive Directors in specific circumstances   No change from 2018.
Expenses   The Chairman and non-executive Directors are
reimbursed for any reasonable and appropriate expenses incurred for business reasons. Any tax that arises on these reimbursed expenses is paid by Barclays   No change from 2018.


a   Nigel Higgins joins the Board as a non-executive Director
on 1 March 2019 and will assume the role of Chairman with effect from the conclusion of the Barclays AGM on 2 May 2019. Nigel Higgins will be appointed for an initial term of three years, subject to re-election by shareholders. Prior to expiry of the initial term Nigel Higgins may be invited to serve a further three-year term. In accordance with the Directors’ remuneration policy, Nigel Higgins will
be paid an annual fee of £80,000 for so long as he is a non-executive Director, and an all-inclusive annual fee of £800,000 (the same rate as the current
Chairman) with effect from his assuming the Chairman role and will be provided with private medical cover and the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes. While he is Chairman, Nigel Higgins will be required to use
£100,000 per annum of his fee after tax and national insurance contributions to purchase Barclays’ shares. Nigel Higgins will be expected to commit up to 4 days a week to the role and it will be his principal working commitment. Nigel
Higgins’ notice period shall be 6 months from the Company and 6 months from the Chairman.

Service contracts
and letters of appointment

All executive Directors have a service contract whereas all

non-executive
 Directors have a letter of appointment. Copies of the service contracts and letters of appointment are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office. The effective dates of the
current Directors’ appointments disclosed in their service contracts or letters of appointment are shown in the table below.

As
stated in the letters of appointment,
Non-executive
 Directors are appointed for an initial term of three years and are subject to the annual
re-election
 by shareholders.
On expiry of the initial term and subject to the needs of the Board,
Non-executive
 Directors may be invited to serve a further three years.
Non-executive
 Directors
appointed beyond six years will be at the discretion of the Board Nominations Committee. All Directors are subject to annual
re-election
 by shareholders.


Effective date of appointment
Chairman
John McFarlane   1 January 2015 (non-executive Director), 24 April 2015 (Chairman)
Executive Directors
Jes Staley   1 December 2015
Tushar Morzaria   15 October 2013
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   18 September 2013
Tim Breedon   1 November 2012
Sir Ian Cheshire   3 April 2017
Mary Anne Citrino   25 July 2018
Mary Francis   1 October 2016
Crawford Gillies   1 May 2014
Sir Gerry Grimstone   1 January 2016
Reuben Jeffery III   16 July 2009
Matthew Lester   1 September 2017
Dambisa Moyo   1 May 2010
Diane Schueneman   25 June 2015
Mike Turner   1 January 2018

Notes


a   With effect from 1 April 2018, the Company issued all Non-executive Directors with updated letters of appointment to address the change in corporate structure post Structural Reform. Where Non-executive Directors have other
appointments to Barclays’ subsidiaries additional letters of appointment have been issued as appropriate.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 65


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


This section explains how our Directors’
remuneration policy was implemented during 2018.


Executive Directors


Executive Directors: Single total figure for 2018 remuneration


The following table shows a single total figure for 2018 remuneration in respect of qualifying service for each executive Director together with
comparative figures for 2017.


Fixed
Pay £000   Pension £000   Taxable benefits £000   Annual
bonus £000   LTIP £000   Reduction
of unvested deferred awards £000   Total £000
2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017
Jes Staley   2,350   2,350   396   396   55   62   1,061   1,065   –   –   (500)   d   –   3,362   3,873
Tushar Morzaria   1,650   1,614   200   200   49   44   729   747   851 a   982 b,c   –   –   3,479   3,587

Notes


a No significant movement in share price between grant and vest (based on Q4 2018 average price), no discretion
applied

b The LTIP amount includes a reduction of c£200k attributable to 17% share price
depreciation between date of grant and vesting date; no discretion applied

c LTIP and dividend
equivalent figures for 2017 have been adjusted to reflect the share price on the date of vesting (211 pence) rather than the Q4 2017 average price.


d This represents malus applied to Jes Staley’s 2016 variable compensation, following consideration by the
Committee of the findings of the FCA and PRA investigations into Jes Staley matter in 2016.

Additional information in respect of each
element of pay for the executive Directors

Fixed Pay


Fixed Pay is delivered 50% in cash and 50% in shares (subject to a five-year holding period lifting

pro-rata).


Pension


Executive Directors are paid cash in lieu of pension contributions. The cash allowance in 2018 was £396,000 for Jes Staley and £200,000
for Tushar Morzaria. No other benefits were received by the executive Directors from any Barclays’ pension plan.

Taxable
benefits

Taxable benefits include private medical cover, life and ill health income protection, tax advice, relocation, car
allowance, the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes and other benefits that are considered minor in nature.

Annual bonus

Annual bonuses are typically awarded in Q1 following the financial year to which they relate. The
Committee considered the executive Directors’ performance against the financial (60% weighting) and strategic
non-financial
 (20% weighting) performance measures which had been set to reflect company
priorities for 2018. Performance against their individual personal objectives (20% weighting) was assessed on an individual basis.


Financial (60% weighting)


The approach taken to assessing financial performance against each of the financial measures was based on a straight-line outcome between 20% for
threshold performance and 100% applicable to each measure for achievement of maximum performance. The PBT measure is also subject to a CET1 underpin. The CET1 ratio reached a temporary low point in Q1 of 12.7%, driven primarily by the settlement of
a historical litigation and conduct case. As the CET1 recovered to 13.0% in Q2, the Committee determined to pay out the PBT measure fully in line with the formulaic outcome.


The formulaic outcome against the financial measures set at the beginning of the year gave a total of 14.8% out of 60% being payable attributable to
those measures. A summary of the assessment is provided in the following table.


Financial performance measure   Weighting   Threshold 20%   Maximum 100%   2018 Actual   2018 Outcome
Profit before tax excluding material items a with CET1
ratio underpin   40%   £5.00bn   £6.50bn   £5.32bn   14.8%
Cost: income ratio excluding material items a   20%   66.5%   62.0%   68.2%   0%
Total Financial   60%   14.8%

Note

a Material items consist of charges for PPI and settlement with regard to residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS)


Strategic (20% weighting)


Progress in relation to each of the strategic measures, organised around three main categories, was assessed by the Committee. The Committee used
the following scale in relation to each measure: 0% to 1% firmly below performance expectations, 1.5% to 3% slightly below performance expectations, 3.5% to 5.5% meeting or slightly exceeding performance expectations, and 6% to 7% clearly above
performance expectations. Based on this approach to assessing performance against the 2018 Performance Measurement Framework milestones, the Committee agreed a 16.5% outcome out of a maximum of 20%. The assessment is provided in the following table.


66 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Category and key outcomes   Measure   Performance   Outcome
Customer and Client: Building trust with customers and clients so they are happy to recommend us Successfully innovating and developing products and services that meet their needs Offering suitable products and services in an accessible way, ensuring excellent customer and client
experience   Net Promoter Scores® (NPS)   ◾ The NPS across our brands provide a view of how willing customers are to recommend our products and services to others ◾ Barclays UK relationship NPS has increased to +17 (2017: +14) ◾ Barclaycard UK relationship
NPS stayed flat over the year closing at +9 at year-end (2017: +9) ◾ The Relationship NPS of the
US Consumer Bank increased further to +38 (2017: +36) supported by our customer centric culture and improvements in our products and digital experience.   5%
Client rankings and market shares   ◾ Our Markets franchise delivered strong performance as it increased market share a in each asset class and delivered 5
consecutive quarters of outperformance vs peers, and maintained its 4th place ranking in Global Fixed Income market share (Greenwich). Banking maintained its 6th rank by fee share in our UK and US home market and retained top 3 position in the UK
(Dealogic) ◾ 95% of largest UK corporate clients considered service to be good, very good or excellent, up from 88% in 2017 (Charterhouse)
Complaints performance   ◾ Total Barclays UK complaint volumes (including PPI) down 1% from 2017. Underlying UK complaint volumes reduced by 9% year-on-year excluding PPI. However, PPI complaints were up 2%
Lending volumes provided to customers and clients   ◾ We provided new lending of £2.8bn to SMEs in the UK, 3% more than last year, despite overall volumes 6% down as we continued to exert high levels of discipline in capital
allocation to strengthen long-term sustainability ◾ We also completed over
110,000 mortgage applications worth c.£23bn (up 1.5% from 2017)
Digital engagement   ◾ Over 10.8m customers and clients in the UK were using our digital services on a regular basis, 6% more than in 2017, with Barclays Mobile Banking user base up from 5.5m to
nearly 6.2m ◾ 69% of US Consumer Bank customers now digitally active, up from 66% in 2017 ◾ Barclays Mobile Banking is
the most used mobile banking app in UK (eBenchmarkers). It was also the first core app from a major UK high street bank to enable account aggregation through Open Banking technology.
Conduct indicators   ◾ Conduct Risk has been effectively managed using Key Indicators reported to the Board Reputation Committee as part of the Conduct Dashboard. Further information is provided in
the Risk Review section.
Colleague: A diverse and inclusive workforce in
which employees of all backgrounds are treated equally and have the opportunity to be successful and achieve their potential Engaged and enabled colleagues A positive conduct and values-based
culture   Diversity and Inclusion statistics   ◾ In our Your View employee opinion survey, 91% of our employees agreed that we provide the right environment to bring their whole selves to work. ◾ We were also proud to be recognised through a number of external awards in 2018 including, The Times Top 50 Employers for Women, Stonewall Top Global Employer for LGBT+
employees, Working Families UK Best for Embedded flexibility for Dynamic Working, UK Top 10 employer for Working Families, Department of Work and Pensions Disability Confident Leader, Business in the Community Best Employer for Race. ◾ Our gender diversity, particularly at senior leadership levels within the organisation, remains a focus: the percentage of women Directors and Managing Directors has improved to
24% (23% in 2017), but there is still progress to be made. We increased our activities on the development of our senior female leadership population and expanded our Encore! Programme to attract more women returners.   5.5%
Employee sustainable engagement survey scores   ◾ Sustainable engagement scores increased to 79%, up 4 points from 2016 (last all colleague survey) ◾ Our scores around Energise and Engage were also up 5 and 4 points to 83% and 88% respectively, both above Financial Services Companies norms, and our Enable score was up 5% to
65%
Conduct and Culture measures   ◾ Encouragingly, our Values results have improved since Q4 2017. We saw a notable increase on the question, ‘Is it safe to speak up at Barclays’, which went from 77% to
86% ◾ A similar increase is noted on the question ‘Barclays is focused on achieving good customer and client outcomes’ (92% favourable, 2016: 83%)


Note


a   All markets ranks and shares; Coalition, FY18 Preliminary Competitor Analysis based on the
Coalition Index and Barclays’ internal business structure.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 67


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Category and key outcomes   Measure   Performance   Outcome
Citizenship: Making decisions and doing business in a way that provides our
clients, customers, shareholders, colleagues and the communities which we serve with access to a prosperous future Proactively managing the environmental and societal
impacts of our business   Delivery against our Shared Growth Ambition   ◾ Target exceeded on against our annual internal milestones for a focus area of ‘Access to financing’ ◾ ‘Access to digital and financial empowerment’ also exceeded target ◾ Target exceeded on
against our annual internal milestones for a focus area of ‘Access to employment’. ◾ Volumes for selected
social and environmental segments: facilitated £27.3bn in social and environmental financing. We expanded our green product portfolio, including the launch of the first Green Mortgage for retail customers by a mainstream UK
institution ◾ We helped support around 260,000 people with access to financial and digital empowerment in 2018 (2017: 205,000) ◾ We helped improve the skills of over 2.4 million people in 2018 (2017: 2.1 million), driven by a range of employability partnerships around the world   6%
Proactively managing environmental and societal impacts   ◾ We exceeded target on carbon emissions: reduced emissions by 38% against the 2015 baseline (target 30%) ◾ We released statements on our approach to Ramsar Wetlands and World Heritage Sites, as well as a comprehensive statement on energy and climate (which strengthened and
replaced our previous coal statement) ◾ On-time payment by value to our suppliers was 82%, falling short of our target of 85%. Given that this KPI
is reported as a three-month rolling average, it was disproportionately affected by a systems transformation in late October 2018.
Colleague engagement in citizenship activities   ◾ We celebrate our colleague engagement and participation through our annual Citizenship Awards. 2018 was the 21st anniversary of the Awards, which saw almost 1,500
employees nominated. ◾ 87% of colleagues who responded to the annual Your View employee survey are proud of Barclays’ contribution to the community and society, above the global Financial
Services Companies norm.
External benchmarks and surveys   ◾ Our performance was broadly stable across a set of ratings. Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) released new environmental and social quality scores to assess
corporate disclosures. On a 1-10 scale (‘1’ highest), Barclays was rated ‘1’ for social reporting and ‘2’ for environmental reporting ◾ The FTSE4Good ESG rating remained flat at 4.3/5. Barclays was rated as A- in the 2018 Carbon Disclosure Project climate disclosure
survey, up from B in 2017.
16.5% out of 20%

Individual outcomes including assessment of personal objectives


Individual performance against each of the executive Directors’ personal objectives (20% weighting overall) was assessed by the Committee
(objectives as set out on page 109 of the 2017 Annual Report).

The below summarises their performance against the shared personal
objectives.


Shared objectives for Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria   Outcomes
Deliver on 2018 financial goals such that we remain on track to achieve our returns targets   ◾ Financial goals delivered and on track to achieve external returns targets in 2019 and 2020 ◾ Strong financial
improvements in PBT and RoTE and maintenance of CET1 in end-state range. 2018 RoTE close to 2019 target of greater than 9%
Seek opportunities for further cost savings and optimise the capital allocation within the Group   ◾ 2018 cost target of £13.9bn achieved ◾ Capital allocation
optimised and deployed to key strategic areas
Complete the Structural Reform programme successfully, ensuring the UK ring-fenced bank is fully operational   ◾ Structural Reform programme largely completed, including the stand-up of the ring-fenced bank in the UK. This was completed in
April and is recognised as one of the biggest technological shifts carried out in financial services, requiring a huge coordinated effort from teams across the bank
Finalise the implementation plan for an effective Brexit outcome   ◾ The Group is operationally prepared for the UK to leave the EU, with an extended licence for Barclays Bank Ireland in place and the entity prepared to be fully operational
by the end of March 2019
Continue to drive strategic initiatives to enhance growth in shareholder value in the medium term   ◾ The Committee noted the strategic initiatives to improve returns to shareholders, both within the businesses and also through our state of the art operating platform,
Barclays Execution Services ◾ In 2018, based on
strong capital position, the restoration of the dividend to 6.5 pence, and the redemption of the expensive preference shares dating from the financial crisis, saw us deploy around £1.8 billion of capital. While this represents progress,
we acknowledge that it is not yet sufficient
Manage risk and control effectively and make continued progress in resolving outstanding conduct matters   ◾ Significant improvements in the control environment resulting from the wide-ranging ‘BICEP’ (Barclays Improved Controls Enhancement Programme) work ◾ Major outstanding
legacy conduct matters resolved, including reaching a reasonable settlement with the US Department of Justice in relation to RMBS, and having the UK SFO charges relating to the 2008 fundraising against the bank dismissed

In addition to the shared personal objectives described above, the below summarises Jes Staley’s performance
against the objectives specific to him.


68 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Jes Staley’s objectives   Outcomes
Continue to strengthen the Bank’s cyber readiness, operational and financial controls   ◾ Significant progress to strengthen controls in relation to cyber readiness, operations and financial reporting, including through the BICEP (Barclays Internal Controls
Enhancement Programme) work ◾ Cyber security enhanced
with a second joint operation centre opened in Whippany, New Jersey to enhance our ability to monitor and address incidents on a global basis ◾ Both operational issues
and risk events have reduced significantly during 2018
Further improve customer and client satisfaction, with a particular focus on reducing the number of overall complaints   ◾ Jes Staley has been instrumental in upgrading key talent that has led to strong performance in the Markets business which has increased market share a in each asset class and delivered 5 consecutive quarters of outperformance vs peers. Banking maintained its 6th rank in UK and US and remained top 3 in UK ◾ Similarly, within
customer satisfaction, Barclays UK Net Promoter Score (NPS) increased to +17 from +14 in 2017 ◾ Jes Staley has driven a focus on customer outcomes across the bank with his senior executive teams, reducing the number of overall complaints in Barclays UK (including
PPI) 1% from 2017, while underlying UK complaint volumes reduced by 9% year-on-year excluding PPI (PPI complaints were up 2%).
As part of the ongoing succession planning for Group and Business Unit/ Functional Executive Committees, continue the focus on improving the
percentage of women in senior leader positions   ◾ While the percentage of females in senior leadership positions is increasing slowly, Jes Staley has personally taken accountability for trying to redress the historic
gender imbalance at our most senior levels ◾ In 2018, key initiatives included the work of the Global Gender Taskforce, responsible for the Women’s Managing Director Forum, as well as the extension of the ex
officio role (a rotating position on senior management committees providing opportunities for talented individuals to contribute) from the Group Executive Committee down through the organisation ◾ Jes Staley also
personally launched a set of 2019 specific initiatives which are aiming to make the biggest difference most quickly to the proportion of women in senior leadership positions

Recognising his very strong performance against both his individual and shared personal objectives during 2018, the
Committee judged that 17% of a maximum of 20% attributable to individual objectives was appropriate.

The below summarises Tushar
Morzaria’s performance against the objectives specific to him.


Tushar Morzaria’s objectives   Outcomes
Demonstrate effective management of external relationships and reputation   ◾ Feedback from the Board, regulators and investors continues to show that Tushar Morzaria is extremely well respected internally and externally, and that the management of
external relationships and reputation of the Group remains strong
Continue to strengthen team performance (especially following the creation of the Group Service Company), talent base and employee engagement
in Group Finance, Tax and Treasury   ◾ The performance of the Finance function has continued to strengthen, with a diverse and experienced management team in place and good sustainable engagement
scores

The Committee also recognised Tushar Morzaria’s very strong performance (against both his individual and shared
personal objectives) during 2018, and judged that 18% out of a maximum of 20% attributable to individual objectives was appropriate.


(i) Jes Staley

A summary of
the assessment for Jes Staley is provided in the following table.


Performance measure   Weighting   2018 Outcome
Financial   See table on page 66   60%   14.8%
Strategic   See table on page 67   20%   16.5%
Personal objectives   Judgemental assessment   20%   17.0%
Total   100%   48.3%
Final outcome approved by the Remuneration Committee   48.3%

In aggregate, the performance assessment for Jes Staley resulted in an overall formulaic outcome of 48.3% of maximum
bonus opportunity being achieved. The Committee considered the outcome and noted that a 2018 annual bonus of £1,061,000 (of which 62% is deferred under the Share Value Plan) is slightly down against his 2017 annual bonus outcome, and therefore
is not reflective of the improved performance observed. The Committee reflected on the disconnect between the positive financial and strategic performance across the Group and the relatively low outcomes against the financial measures given the
extremely stretching financial targets in the annual bonus plan. Based on a balanced assessment across all of the relevant factors, including recognising share price performance (while not solely attributable to the executive Directors), the
Committee decided that the outcome would remain at £1,061,000.

(ii) Tushar Morzaria


A summary of the assessment for Tushar Morzaria is provided in the following table.


Performance measure   Weighting   2018 Outcome
Financial   See table on page 66   60%   14.8%
Strategic   See table on page 67   20%   16.5%
Personal objectives   Judgemental assessment   20%   18.0%
Total   100%   49.3%
Final outcome approved by the Remuneration Committee   49.3%


Notes


a   All markets ranks and shares; Coalition, FY18 Preliminary Competitor Analysis based on the
Coalition Index and Barclays’ internal business structure.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 69


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


In aggregate, the performance assessment for Tushar Morzaria resulted in an
overall formulaic outcome of 49.3% of maximum bonus opportunity being achieved. The Committee considered the outcome and again noted that a 2018 annual bonus of £729,000 (of which 45% is deferred under the Share Value Plan) was slightly down
against his 2017 annual bonus outcome despite stronger Group performance (financial and
non-financial).
 Similar to the assessment for Jes Staley, it decided that the outcome would remain at £729,000.


In line with the DRP, and due to the regulations prohibiting dividend equivalents being paid on unvested deferred share awards, the
number of shares awarded to each executive Director under the Share Value Plan will be calculated using a share price at the date of award, discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period. The valuation will be
aligned to IFRS 2, with the market expectations of dividends during the deferral period being assessed by an independent adviser. These shares will vest in two equal tranches on the first and second anniversary (subject to the rules of the Share
Value Plan as amended from time to time). All shares (whether deferred or not) are subject to a further
one-year
 holding period from the point of release. 2018 bonuses are subject to clawback provisions and,
additionally, unvested deferred 2018 bonuses are subject to malus provisions which enable the Committee to reduce the vesting level of deferred bonuses (including to nil).


LTIP

The LTIP amount
included in Tushar Morzaria’s 2018 single total figure is the value of the amount scheduled to be released in relation to the LTIP award granted in 2016 in respect of the performance period 2016–2018 (by reference to Q4 2018 average share
price). As Jes Staley was not a participant in this cycle, the LTIP figure in the single figure table is zero for him. Release is dependent on, among other things, performance over the period from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2018 with
straight-line vesting applied between the threshold and maximum points. The performance achieved against the performance targets is as follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting   Actual   % of award vesting
Average return on tangible equity (RoTE) excluding material items a   25%   6.25% of award vests for RoTE of 7.5%   RoTE of 10.0%   5.6%   0%
CET1 ratio must remain at or above an acceptable level for any of this element to vest. The threshold will be reviewed and set
annually based on market conditions and regulatory requirements (11.3% in 2018)
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2018   25%   6.25% of award vests for CET1 ratio of 11.6%   CET1 ratio of 12.7%   13.2%   25%
Cost: income ratio excluding material items a   20%   5% of award vests for average cost: income ratio of 66%   Average cost: income ratio of 58%   70%   0%
Risk Scorecard   15%   Performance against the Risk Scorecard is assessed by the Committee, with input from the Group Risk function, Board Risk Committee
and Board Reputation Committee as appropriate, to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. Since its introduction in 2016, the Risk Scorecard has been aligned by the Committee to the annual incentive risk alignment
framework reviewed with the regulators. Following this alignment, the current framework measures performance against three broad categories – Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct – using a combination of quantitative and
qualitative metrics.   10%
Balanced Scorecard   15%   Performance against the Balanced Scorecard is assessed by the Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest
between 0% and 15%. Each of the 5Cs in the Balanced Scorecard has equal weighting. Assessment was made against the Balanced Scorecard targets established at the beginning of the performance period.   4%
Total   39%
Final outcome approved by the Remuneration Committee   39%

Note


a   Material items include PPI, gain on disposal or Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited and
own credit in 2016; PPI, losses relating to the sell down of BAGL and a one-off net charge due to the re-measurement of US deferred tax assets in 2017; PPI and
settlement with regard to RMBS in 2018.

A summary of the Committee’s assessment against the Risk Scorecard
performance measure over the three year performance period is provided below.


Category   Weighting   Performance   Outcome
Capital & Liquidity   5%   ◾ Stress test results showed improvement over the period. Although Barclays did not meet its CET1 systemic reference points in 2016, no revised capital plans were required
in light of the steps already taken. In 2017, the Bank of England recognised that the increases in CET1 capital and in Tier 1 leverage ratios over the year were sufficient for it to meet the systemic reference points in the test. Barclays passed the
2018 test. ◾ Group CET1% grew from
11.4% to 13.2% over the period, and remained comfortably above the regulatory minimum throughout. ◾ Our liquidity risk
appetite measure and the Liquidity Coverage Ratio remained above targets.   4%
Controls   5%   ◾ The Control Environment is monitored by senior management and the Board via various reports, dashboards, and deep dives. Summary ratings are also used to track improvement
and remediation plans. ◾ These summary ratings
improved over the period, notably following the completion of the Barclays Internal Controls Enhancement Programme (BICEP). This programme facilitated the resolution of the most material control issues, and implemented a system of tracking and
reporting risk events and controls issues against a new Controls Maturity Model.   3%


70 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Conduct   5%   ◾ The Conduct category focuses on two internal forward-looking tools: ◾ The Conduct dashboard
showed a downward trend in conduct issues and complaints alongside an upward trend in confidence with respect to speaking up about potential conduct risks and issues, although a need for continued focus remains. ◾ The occurrence of
conduct breaches among senior leaders is referenced, in particular as a leading cultural indicator reflecting ‘tone from the top’. The number of occurrences remained negligible throughout the year.   3%
Total   15%   10%
A summary of the Committee’s assessment
against the Balanced Scorecard performance measures over the three year performance period is provided below.
Category   Weighting   Performance   Outcome
Customer and Client   3%   ◾ While positive progress has been made, with Barclays UK relationship NPS up to +17 (2017: +14; 2016: +10), the very ambitious target of ranking 1st against peers has not
been achieved ◾ Similarly, Client
Franchise Rank performance was at 5th and 6th over the period, below the plan target of top 3   0%
Colleague   3%   ◾ Good progress has been made in colleague engagement, increasing from 75% in 2016 to 78% in 2017 and to 79% in 2018. However this fell below the very stretching plan target
of 87%-91% ◾ Continued improvement of +1% per year in the percentage of women in senior leadership roles to 24% at the end of 2018. This falls below the plan target of 26% (calibrated
including the BAGL business). Had BAGL continued to have been included, the outcome would have been c2% higher and the target would have been achieved   1%
Citizenship   3%   ◾ The plan targets were exceeded on 4 measures (access to financing, financial and digital empowerment, access to employment and carbon emissions reduction) ◾ Barclays Way training
was on track ◾ On-time payment to our suppliers is behind track, but in H2 2018 only, for the first time since it was introduced in 2015   2%
Conduct   3%   ◾ Conduct Reputation, as measured by the YouGov survey, remained at 5.2 - 5.4 over the period and below our plan target of 6.5   0%
Company   3%   ◾ RoE and RoTE targets established to deliver greater than cost of equity in 2018. While there has been positive trajectory towards the 2019 and 2020 external commitments,
the timeframe was ambitious and returns are not yet at that level ◾ Cost:income ratio plan target of below 60%. This has improved but there is still further progress required to achieve a ratio below 60% ◾ Significant
strengthening in the CET1 ratio over the period, with the ratio now within our end-state target range of c13% and exceeding 100-150 basis points above the regulatory
minimum   1%
Total   15%   4%
The LTIP award is also subject to a
discretionary underpin whereby the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the Group. The Committee was satisfied that this underpin was met, and accordingly determined that the award should be considered for release at
39% of the maximum number of shares under the total award. The shares are scheduled to be released in March 2019. After release, the shares are subject to an additional two year holding period. (i) LTIP awards granted during 2017 The performance measures for the awards made under the 2017–2019 LTIP cycle are as follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Average return on tangible equity (RoTE)   25%   6.25% of award vests for RoTE excluding material items of 7.5%   RoTE excluding material items of 9.5%
excluding material items   CET1 ratio must remain at or above an acceptable level for any of this element to vest. The threshold will be reviewed and set
annually based on market conditions and regulatory requirements (11.7% on 31 December 2019)
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2019   25%   6.25% of award vests for CET1 ratio 100 basis points above the mandatory distribution restrictions (MDR) hurdle (currently 11.7%)   CET1 ratio 200 basis points above the MDR hurdle
Cost: income ratio excluding material items   20%   5% of award vests for average cost: income ratio of 63%   Average cost: income ratio of 58%
Risk Scorecard   15%   The Risk Scorecard captures a range of risks and is aligned with the annual incentive risk alignment framework reviewed with the
regulators. The current framework measures performance against three broad categories – Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct – using a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The framework may be updated from
time to time in line with the Group’s risk strategy. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure will be made in the 2019 Remuneration report.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 71


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Strategic non-financial   15%   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Performance
Measurement Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress throughout the period against each category. Performance against the strategic non-financial measures will be assessed by the
Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting. Measures will likely include, but will not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, Client rankings and market shares for the Corporate and Investment Bank, complaints performance and volume of lending provided
to customers and clients. ◾ Colleague: Diversity and
Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures. ◾ Citizenship: Delivery
against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.

Straight-line vesting applies between the threshold and maximum points in respect of the financial measures.


The award is subject to a discretionary underpin by which the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the
Group.

(ii) LTIP awards granted during 2018


An award was made to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria on 8 March 2018 under the 2018–2020 LTIP at a share price of £1.7775, which has
been discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period, in accordance with our DRP. This is the price used to calculate the face value below.


%
of Total fixed pay   Number of shares   Face value at grant   Performance period
Jes Staley   120%   1,853,891   3,295,200   2018–2020
Tushar Morzaria   120%   1,248,980   2,220,000   2018–2020

The performance measures for the 2018–2020 LTIP awards are as follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Average return on tangible equity (RoTE) excluding material items   50%   10% of award vests for RoTE of 7.75% (based on an assumed CET1 ratio of c.13%)   RoTE of 10.25%
Vesting of this element will depend on CET1 levels during the performance
period: ◾ if CET1 goes below the MDR hurdle (currently 11.7%) in any year of the period, no part of the RoTE element will vest ◾ if CET1 goes below the MDR
hurdle +150bps but remains above the hurdle during the period, the Committee will exercise its discretion to determine what portion of the RoTE element should vest, based on the causes of the CET1 reduction
Average cost: income ratio excluding material items   20%   4% of award vests for average cost: income ratio of 62.5%   Average cost: income ratio of 58%
Risk Scorecard   15%   The Risk Scorecard captures a range of risks and is aligned with the annual incentive risk alignment framework reviewed with the
regulators. The current framework measures performance against three broad categories – Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct – using a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The framework may be updated from
time to time in line with the Group’s risk strategy. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure will be made in the 2020 Remuneration report, subject to commercial
sensitivity no longer remaining.
Strategic non- financial   15%   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Performance
Measurement Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress throughout the period against each category. Performance against the strategic non-financial measures will be assessed by the
Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting. Measures will likely include, but will not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, client rankings and market shares for the CIB, complaints performance and volume of lending provided to customers and
clients. ◾ Colleague: Diversity and Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures. ◾ Citizenship: Delivery against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.

Straight-line vesting applies between the threshold and maximum points in respect of the financial measures.


The award is subject to a discretionary underpin by which the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the
Group.


72 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


LTIP awards to be granted during 2019

The Committee decided to make an award under the 2019–2021 LTIP cycle to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria (based on their performance in 2018) with a face value at grant of 120% of their respective Total fixed pay at
31 December 2018.

The 2019–2021 LTIP award will be subject to the following forward-looking performance measures.


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Average return on tangible equity ex litigation and conduct and other material items   50%   10% of award vests for RoTE of 8.5% (based on an assumed CET1 ratio of c.13%)   RoTE of 10.5%
Vesting of this element will depend on CET1 levels during the performance
period: ◾ If CET1 goes below the MDR hurdle (currently 11.7%) in any year of the performance period, no part of the RoTE element will vest ◾ If CET1 goes below the end-state target (c.13%) but remains above the hurdle during the year, the Committee will exercise its discretion
to determine what portion of the RoTE element should vest, based on the causes of the CET1 reduction
2021 Cost: income ratio ex litigation and conduct and other material items   20%   4% of award vests for cost: income ratio of 60%   Cost: income ratio of 58.5%
Risk Scorecard   15%   The Risk Scorecard captures a range of risks and is aligned with the annual incentive risk alignment framework shared with the
regulators. The current framework measures performance against three broad categories - Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct - using a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The framework may be updated from time to
time in line with the Group’s risk strategy. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure will be made in the 2021 Remuneration report, subject to commercial sensitivity no
longer remaining.
Strategic non-financial   15%   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Performance
Measurement framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress throughout the period against each category. Performance against the strategic non-financial measures will be assessed by the
Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting.
Measures will likely include, but not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for
consumer businesses, Client rankings and market shares for the Corporate and Investment Bank, complaints performance and volume of lending provided to customers and clients. ◾ Colleague: Diversity and Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures. ◾ Citizenship: Delivery against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.

Matters for which the Committee has exercised discretion


As previously announced, malus has been applied to Jes Staley’s 2016 variable compensation. Following the conclusion of the FCA and PRA
investigations into Jes Staley the Committee determined to reduce the awarded value of his 2016 variable compensation by £500,000.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 73


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Executive Directors: Statement of implementation of remuneration policy
in 2019

The following chart provides an illustrative indication of how 2019 remuneration will be delivered to the executive
Directors.


* This assumes an LTIP award made in 2020 in line with the current Policy.


2019 Annual bonus performance measures

Performance measures with appropriately stretching targets have been selected to cover a range of financial and
non-financial
 goals that support the key strategic objectives of the Company.
The performance measures and weightings are shown below.


Financial (60% weighting) A performance target range has been set for each financial measure.   ◾ Profit before tax excluding litigation and conduct and other material items (50% weighting) Payout of this element will depend on the CET1 ratio during the performance
year: –  if CET1 goes below the MDR hurdle (currently 11.7%) during the performance year, no
part of the PBT element will pay out. –  if CET1 goes below the end-state target (c.13%) but remains above the hurdle during the year, the Committee will exercise its discretion to determine what portion of the
PBT element should pay out, based on the causes of the CET1 reduction. ◾ Cost: income ratio excluding
litigation and conduct and other material items (10% weighting).
Strategic non-financial (20% weighting)   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Performance Measurement
Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress during the year against each category. Performance against the strategic non-financial measures will be assessed by the Committee to determine the
percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 20%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting. Measures will likely include,
but will not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, Client rankings and market shares for the Corporate and Investment Bank, complaints performance and
volume of lending provided to customers and clients ◾ Colleague: Diversity and
Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures ◾ Citizenship: Delivery against
our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.


74 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Personal (20% weighting)   The executive Directors have the following joint personal objectives for 2019: ◾ Deliver on 2019 external market targets, whilst also remaining on track for delivery of 2020 commitments. In doing so, continue to focus on the profitability
and returns of the CIB ◾ Identify opportunities for further cost efficiencies, enabling re-investment into strategic priorities. ◾ Leverage the new Barclays Execution Services platform to drive our technology agenda across both trading entities to improve customer and client experience and
enhance value. ◾ Respond to emerging Brexit decisions, managing risks appropriately for the Group, while continuing to support our customers and clients in the UK.
In addition, individual personal objectives for 2019 are as follows:
Jes Staley
◾ Oversee the
effective management of the risk and controls agenda, including cyber risks.
◾ Further
improve customer and client satisfaction, with continued focus on complaint reduction.
◾ Develop
further a high performing culture in line with our Values, continuing to focus on employee engagement; the talent pipeline for Group, Business and Functional Executive Committees with a particular emphasis on improving the percentage of women in
senior leadership roles.
◾ Effectively
manage relationships with key external stakeholders and society more broadly.
Tushar Morzaria
◾ Demonstrate
effective management of external relationships, particularly regulators and investors.
◾ Oversee the
effective management of the risk and controls agenda in Group Finance, Tax and Treasury Progress Finance Transformation Programme and drive benefits across Group Finance, Tax and Treasury.
◾ Continue to develop talent base, employee engagement and gender diversity in Group Finance, Tax and Treasury.

Illustrative scenarios for executive Directors’ remuneration


The charts below show the potential value of the current executive Directors’ 2019 total remuneration in three main scenarios:
‘Minimum’ (i.e. Fixed Pay, Pension and benefits),
‘Mid-point’
 (i.e. Fixed Pay, Pension, benefits and 50% of the maximum variable pay that may be awarded) and ‘Maximum’ (i.e. Fixed
Pay, Pension, benefits and the maximum variable pay that may be awarded). For the purposes of these charts, the value of benefits is based on an estimated annual value for 2019 regular contractual benefits. Additional ad hoc benefits may arise, for
example, overseas relocation of executive Directors, but will always be provided in line with the DRP.

A significant proportion of the
potential remuneration of the executive Directors is variable and is therefore performance-related. It is also subject to deferral, additional holding periods, malus and clawback. Ahead of the new reporting requirements, we have also provided an
indication of the maximum remuneration receivable, assuming share price appreciation of 50% on the LTIP.


Performance graph and table


The performance graph below illustrates the performance of Barclays over the financial years from 2009 to 2018 in terms of total shareholder return
compared with that of the companies comprising the FTSE 100 index. The index has been selected because it represents a cross-section of leading UK companies.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 75


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


The table below provides pay ratios of the Group Chief Executive’s total
remuneration (as disclosed in the single total remuneration figure table) to the remuneration of UK employees. The ratio varies from year to year primarily due to variations in the CEO total remuneration figures, e.g. where there are changes in CEO,
or variations in LTIP payouts (in some years, the Group Chief Executive may not be a participant in a vesting LTIP).

The ratio of CEO
remuneration for each reference point (LQ, median and UQ) has decreased from 2016 (the first full year of service for the correct CEO) to 2018, primarily due to lower bonus outcomes for the CEO. The CEO was not a participant in any LTIP that vested
during this period. Over the same period, the figures for the LQ UK employee has risen 10%. It should be noted that these ratios may increase in 2019, as this will be the first year an LTIP, in which the CEO is a participant reaches the end of its
performance period and may therefore result in a vesting outcome for the CEO.


Year   2009   2010   2011   2012 a   2013   2014   2015 a   2016   2017   2018
Group Chief Executive   John Varley   John Varley   Bob Diamond   Bob Diamond b   Antony Jenkins c   Antony Jenkins   Antony Jenkins   Antony Jenkins c   John McFarlane d   Jes Staley e   Jes Staley   Jes Staley   Jes Staley
Single total remuneration figure CEO   2,050   4,567   11,070 f   1,892   529   1,602   5,467 g   3,399   305   277   4,233   3,873   3,362 i
Annual bonus award as a % of max   0%   100%   80%   0%   0%   0%   57%   48%   N/A   N/A   60%   48.5%   48.3%
Long-term incentive plan vesting as a % of max   50%   16%   N/A h   0%   N/A h   N/A h   30%   39%   N/A h   N/A h   N/A h   N/A h   N/A h
UK employee LQ   106 x   232 x   552 x   118 x   77 x   254 x   183 x   195 x   173 x   141 x
UK employee median   75 x   165 x   391 x   84 x   54 x   175 x   126 x   137 x   119 x   96 x
UK employee UQ   40 x   87 x   206 x   44 x   28 x   92 x   66 x   70 x   61 x   51 x

Notes


a   Where there was more than one Group Chief Executive in a year, the pay ratio references the sum of
the Group Chief Executive single total figures for that year


b   Bob Diamond left the Board on 3 July 2012.


c   Antony Jenkins became Group Chief Executive on 30 August 2012 and left the Board on
16 July 2015.


d   John McFarlane was Executive Chairman from 17 July 2015 to 30 November 2015. His fees,
which remained unchanged, have been pro-rated for his time in the position. He was not eligible to receive a bonus or LTIP.


e   Jes Staley became Group Chief Executive on 1 December 2015.


f   This figure includes £5,745k tax equalisation as set out in the 2011 Remuneration report.
Bob Diamond was tax equalised on tax above the UK rate where that could not be offset by a double tax treaty.


g   Antony Jenkins’ 2014 pay is higher than in earlier years since he declined a bonus in 2012
and 2013 and did not have LTIP vesting in those years.


h   Not a participant in a long-term incentive award which vested in the period.


i   As required, the single total remuneration figure includes an adjustment made to Jes Staley’s
2016 variable compensation in 2018. 2018 outcome excluding the malus adjustment is £3,862k and the ratios would be LQ: 162x, Median: 110x, UQ: 58x


Percentage change in Group Chief Executive’s remuneration


The table below shows how the percentage change in the Group Chief Executive’s salary, benefits and bonus between 2017 and 2018 compared with
the percentage change in the average of each of those components of pay for UK based employees.

We have chosen UK based employees as the
comparator group as it is the most representative for pay structure comparisons.


Fixed Pay   Benefits   Annual bonus
Group Chief Executive   0%   -11%   0%
Average based on UK employees a   2%   0%   10%
Note a  Certain populations were excluded to enable a meaningful like for like
comparison. Total remuneration of the employees in the
Barclays Group The table below shows the number of employees in the Barclays Group as at 31 December 2017 and 2018 in bands by
reference to total remuneration. Total remuneration comprises salary, RBP, other allowances, bonus and the value at award of LTIP awards. Total remuneration of the employees in the Barclays Group
Number of
employees
Remuneration band   2018   2017
£0 to £25,000   31,846   31,406
£25,001 to £50,000   25,770   24,280
£50,001 to £100,000   18,478   17,604
£100,001 to £250,000   10,804   9,818
£250,001 to £500,000   2,197   2,113
£500,001 to £1,000,000   916   811
£1,000,001 to £2,000,000   306   262
£2,000,001 to £3,000,000   82   70
£3,000,001 to £4,000,000   19   21
£4,000,001 to £5,000,000   6   5
£5,000,001 to £6,000,000   11   7
Above £6,000,000   6   4

Barclays is a global business. Of those employees earning above £1m in total remuneration for 2018 in the
table above, 56% are based in the US, 36% in the UK, and 8% in the rest of the world.


76 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Relative importance of spend on pay

A year on year comparison of Group compensation costs and distributions to shareholders are shown below.


 Total incentive awards granted - current year


Barclays Group
Year ended 31.12.18 £m   Year ended 31.12.17 £m   % Change
Incentive awards granted
Bonus pool   1,582   1,432   (10)
Commissions and other incentives   67   74
Total incentive awards granted   1,649   1,506   (9)
Reconciliation of incentive awards granted to income statement charge:
Less: deferred bonuses granted but not charged in current year   (359)   (302)   (19)
Add: current year charges for deferred bonuses from previous years   299   457   35
Other   (33)   29
Income statement charge for performance costs   1,556   1,690   8
Proportion of bonus pool that is deferred   33%   31%

Chairman and
non-executive
 Directors


Remuneration for
non-executive
 Directors reflects their responsibilities and time commitment and the level
of fees paid to
non-executive
 Directors of comparable major UK companies.

Non-executive
 Directors are reimbursed expenses that are incurred for business reasons. Any tax that arises on these reimbursed expenses is paid by Barclays. The Chairman is provided with private medical cover and
the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes.

Chairman and

non-executive
 Directors: Single total figure for 2018 fees


Fees   Benefits   Total
2018 £000   2017 £000   2018 £000   2017 £000   2018 £000   2017 £000
Chairman
John McFarlane   800   800   1   2   801   802
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   215   215   -   -   215   215
Tim Breedon   225   225   -   -   225   225
Sir Ian Cheshire a   480   360   -   -   480   360
Mary Anne Citrino b   39   -   -   -   39   -
Mary Francis c   154   135   -   -   154   135
Crawford Gillies d   222   195   -   -   222   195
Sir Gerry Grimstone e   498   375   -   -   498   375
Reuben Jeffery III   120   120   -   -   120   120
Matthew Lester f   135   45   -   -   135   45
Dambisa Moyo   135   135   -   -   135   135
Diane Schueneman g   337   308   -   -   337   308
Mike Turner h   105   -   -   -   105   -
Diane de Saint Victor i   -   38   -   -   -   38
Steve Thieke j   -   87   -   -   -   87
Total   3,465   3,038   1   2   3,466   3,040

Notes


a.   Sir Ian Cheshire’s 2018 figure includes fees of £400,000 for his role as Chairman of
Barclays Bank UK PLC.


b.   Mary Anne Citrino joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 25 July 2018. Her fees are therefore pro-rated for the period of her appointment.


c.   Mary Francis succeeded Sir Gerry Grimstone as Chair of the Board Reputation Committee with effect
from 1 April 2018.


d.   Crawford Gillies was appointed Senior Independent Director with effect from 1 April 2018 and
the 2018 figures includes the pro-rated amount for the period of his appointment.


e.   Sir Gerry Grimstone was appointed Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC with effect from 1 April 2018
and subsequently stepped down as Deputy Chairman, Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Board Reputation Committee. The 2018 figure reflects this and also includes fees of £400,000 for his role as Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC Board and
his previous appointment as Chairman of the BI Divisional Board for the period 1 January – 31 March 2018.


f.   Matthew Lester joined the Board a non-executive Director
with effect from 1 September 2017.


g.   Diane Schueneman was appointed Chair of Barclays Services Limited (the Group Service Company) with
effect from 1 September 2017 and is a member of the Barclays US LLC (the US Intermediate Holding Company) Board. The 2018 figure includes fees of £70,000 for her role on the Barclays Services Limited Board and $177k (£132k) for her
role on the Barclays US LLC Board.


h.   Mike Turner joined the Board as a non-executive Director
with effect from 1 January 2018.


i.   Diane de Saint Victor retired from the Board with effect from 10 May 2017.


j.   Steve Thieke retired from the Board with effect from 10 May 2017.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 77


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Chairman and
non-executive

Directors: Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2019

2019 fees, subject to annual review in line with policy, for
the Chairman and
non-executive
 Directors are shown below.


1 January
2019 £000   1 January 2018 £000
Chairman a   800   800
Deputy Chairman b   250   250
Board member   80   80
Additional responsibilities
Senior Independent Director c   36   30
Chairman of Board Audit, Remuneration or Risk Committee   70   70
Chairman of Board Reputation Committee   50   50
Membership of Board Audit or Board Remuneration Committee   30   30
Membership of Board Reputation or Board Risk Committee   25   25
Membership of Board Nominations Committee   15   15

Notes


a.   The Chairman does not receive any other additional responsibilities fees in addition to the
Chairman fees.


b.   Following the appointment of Sir Gerry Grimstone as Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC with effect from
1 April 2018, it was deemed not necessary to fill the position of Deputy Chairman. However, the position remains available should Barclays consider it necessary and beneficial to the Company to appoint a Deputy Chairman in the future.


c.   The Board approved an increase to the Senior Independent Director fees effective 1 April
2018. The increase in fees was approved in line with the Directors’ Remuneration Policy and took account of comparable market data and the Senior Independent Director role being performed independently of the Deputy Chairman role.

Payments to former Directors


Former Group Finance Director: Chris Lucas

In 2018, Chris Lucas continued to be eligible to receive life assurance cover, private medical cover and payments under the Executive Income Protection Plan (EIPP). Full details of his eligibility under the EIPP were disclosed in
the 2013 Directors’ remuneration report (page 115 of the 2013 Annual Report). Chris Lucas did not receive any other payment or benefit in 2018.

Directors’ shareholdings and share interests

Executive Directors’ shareholdings and share interests


The chart below shows the value of Barclays’ shares held beneficially by Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria as at 19 February 2019
that count towards the shareholding requirement of, as a minimum, Barclays’ shares worth 200% of Total fixed pay (i.e. Fixed Pay plus Pension). The current executive Directors have five years from their respective date of appointment to meet
this requirement. At close of business on 19 February 2019, the market value of Barclays’ ordinary shares was £1.59.


Interests in Barclays PLC shares


The table below shows shares owned beneficially by all the Directors and shares over which executive Directors hold awards which are subject to
either deferral terms and/or performance measures. The shares shown below that are subject to performance measures are the maximum number of shares that may be released.


Unvested   Total as at
Owned outright   Subject
to performance measures   Not subject to performance measures   31 December 2018 (or date of retirement from the Board, if earlier)   Total as
at 18 February 2019
Executive Directors
Jes Staley a   4,860,720   3,539,846   555,540   8,956,106
Tushar Morzaria   2,845,752   3,593,456   502,392   6,941,600
Chairman
John McFarlane   99,139   –   –   99,139
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   115,706   –   –   115,706
Tim Breedon   45,342   –   –   45,342
Sir Ian Cheshire   91,202   –   –   91,202
Mary Anne Citrino b   2,000   –   –   2,000
Mary Francis   22,030   –   –   22,030
Crawford Gillies   85,975   –   –   85,975
Sir Gerry Grimstone   119,311   –   –   119,311
Reuben Jeffery III   301,963   –   –   301,963
Matthew Lester   17,703   –   –   17,703
Dambisa Moyo   67,606   –   –   67,606
Diane Schueneman   39,462   –   –   39,462
Mike Turner c   65,334   –   –   65,334

Notes


a   Jes Staley’s shareholding was reduced by 216,997 shares as a result of application of malus.


b.   Mary Anne Citrino joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 25 July 2018.


c   Mike Turner joined the Board as a non-executive Director
with effect from 1 January 2018.


78 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Board Remuneration Committee

The Board Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing Barclays’ remuneration as described in more detail below.

Terms of Reference

The role of the Committee is to:


◾   set the overarching principles and parameters of remuneration policy across the Group


◾   consider and approve the remuneration arrangements of (i) the Chairman, (ii) the executive
Directors, (iii) members of the Barclays Group Executive Committee and any other senior executives specified by the Committee from time to time, and (iv) all other Group employees whose total annual compensation exceeds an amount
determined by the Committee from time to time (currently £2m)


◾   exercise oversight for remuneration issues.


The Committee considers the over-arching objectives, principles and parameters of remuneration policy across the Group to ensure it is adopting a
coherent approach in respect of all employees. In discharging this responsibility the Committee seeks to ensure that the policy is transparent, avoids complexity and assesses, among other things, the impact of pay arrangements in supporting the
Group’s culture, values and strategy and on all elements of risk management. The Committee also approves incentive pools for each of the Group, Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and operations and functions, periodically reviews at least
annually all material matters of retirement benefit design and governance, and ensures that the remuneration policy promotes the alignment of the long-term interests of shareholders and employees. The Committee and its members work as necessary with
other Board Committees, and is authorised to select and appoint its own advisers as required.

The Terms of Reference can be found at
home.barclays/corporategovernance

Chairman and members


The Chairman and members of the Committee are as follows:


◾   Crawford Gillies, Committee member since 1 May 2014 and Chairman since 24 April 2015


◾   Tim Breedon, Committee member since 1 December 2012


◾   Mary Francis, Committee member since 1 November 2016


◾   Dambisa Moyo, Committee member since 1 September 2015.


All current members are considered independent by the Board.


Remuneration committee attendance in 2018   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Crawford Gillies   5/5
Tim Breedon   5/5
Mary Francis   5/5
Dambisa Moyo   4/5   a


a   Dambisa Moyo was unable to attend one meeting due to a conflicting commitment, but her views and
comments were made available to, and considered by the committee

The performance of the Committee is reviewed each
year as part of the Board Effectiveness Review. The results of the review were positive and concluded that the Committee is composed of the right level of experience and skills.


Advisers to the Remuneration Committee

PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) was appointed as the independent adviser to the Committee in October 2017. The Committee is satisfied that the advice provided by PwC to the Committee is independent and objective. PwC is a signatory to
the voluntary UK Code of Conduct for executive remuneration consultants.

PwC was paid £85,000 (excluding VAT) for their advice to
the Committee in 2018 relating to the executive Directors (either exclusively or along with other employees within the Committee’s Terms of Reference). In addition to advising the Committee, PwC provided unrelated consulting advice to the Group
in respect of strategic advice on business, operational models and cost, corporate taxation, climate-related financial disclosures, data strategy, technology consulting and internal audit.


Throughout 2018, Willis Towers Watson (WTW) continued to provide the Committee with market data on compensation when considering incentive levels,
remuneration packages. WTW were paid £65,500 (excluding VAT) in fees for their services. In addition the services provided to the Committee, WTW also provides pensions advice, advice on health and benefits provision, assistance and technology
support for employee surveys for the Group and pensions advice and administration services to the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund.

In
the course of its deliberations, the Committee also considers the views of the Group Chief Executive, the Group Human Resources Director and the Group Reward and Performance Director. The Group Finance Director and the Chief Risk Officer provide
regular updates on Group and business financial performance and risk profile respectively.

No Barclays’ employee or Director
participates in discussions with, or decisions of, the Committee relating to his or her own remuneration. No other advisers provided services to the Committee in the year.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 79


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Remuneration Committee activity in 2018


The following provides a summary of the Committee’s activity during 2018 and at the January and February 2019 meetings at which 2018
remuneration decisions were finalised.


Meeting   Fixed and variable pay issues   Governance, risk and other
matters a
January 2018   ◾ 2017 incentive
funding proposals, including risk adjustments   ◾ Non-executive Directors’ fees for subsidiary
boards
◾ 2017 bonus proposals for senior executives
February 2018   ◾ Approved final 2017
incentive funding, including risk adjustments ◾ Approved proposals for executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2017 bonuses and 2018–2020 LTIP awards for executive
Directors   ◾ Approved 2017 Reward communications
approach ◾ Review of Committee effectiveness
◾ Group fixed pay budgets for 2018
◾ Approved executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2018 Fixed Pay
◾ Approved executive Directors’ annual bonus performance measures for 2018
July 2018   ◾ 2018 ex ante risk adjustment methodology ◾ 2018 incentive funding
framework   ◾ Barclays Fair Pay Agenda ◾ Update on the
establishment of subsidiary Remuneration Committees
October 2018   ◾ 2018 incentive
funding projections, including risk adjustments   ◾ Barclays Fair Pay Agenda ◾ Amendments to the rules
of the Barclays Group Deferred Share Value Plan and Cash Value Plan
◾ Annual review of Group Chairman’s remuneration
◾ Update on Barclays UK remuneration approach
December 2018   ◾ Initial consideration
on executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2018 bonuses and 2019 Fixed Pay   ◾ Annual review of
Committee activity, Terms of Reference and Control Framework ◾ Non-executive Directors’ fees for subsidiary boards
◾ 2019 bonus approach for executive Directors
◾ 2019-2021 LTIP performance measures
◾ 2018 incentive funding proposals, including risk adjustments
◾ Update on Barclays UK remuneration approach
January 2019   ◾ 2018 incentive
funding proposals, including risk adjustments
◾ 2018 bonus proposals for senior executives
February 2019   ◾ Approved final 2018
incentive funding, including risk adjustments   ◾ Review of Board Remuneration Committee Effectiveness ◾ Approved 2018 Reward
communications approach
◾ Approved proposals for executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2018 bonuses and 2019-2021 LTIP awards for executive Directors
◾ Group fixed pay budgets for 2019
◾ Approved 2019 executive Directors’ annual bonus performance measures

Notes


a   The Committee is also provided with updates at each scheduled meeting on: regulatory and
stakeholder matters, Finance and Risk, Remuneration Review Panel meetings, operation of the Committee’s Control Framework on hiring, retention and termination, headcount and employee attrition, and extant LTIP performance.

There were also two additional Remuneration Committee meetings during the course of 2018. The Committee met on
10 May 2018 to consider remuneration consequences of the investigation into Jes Staley’s involvement in the whistleblowing incident. On 26 October 2018 the Committee met in respect of remuneration arrangements for the Group
Chairman-designate.

Statement of shareholder voting at Annual General Meeting


The table below shows the voting result in respect of our remuneration report at the AGM held on 1 May 2018 and the last policy vote at the AGM
on 10 May 2017:


For % of votes cast Number   Against % of votes cast Number   Withheld Number
Advisory vote on the 2017 remuneration report   95.96%   4.04
12,059,206,433   507,845,058   104,289,376
Binding vote on the Directors’ remuneration policy   97.91%   2.09%
12,062,616,141   257,416,828   51,369,054

At the AGM held on 24 April 2014, shareholders of Barclays PLC voted 96.02% (10,364,453,159 votes) for the
resolution in respect of a fixed to variable remuneration ratio of 1:2 for ‘Remuneration Code Staff’ (now known as MRTs). On 14 December 2017, the Board of Barclays PLC as shareholder of Barclays Bank PLC approved the resolution that
Barclays Bank PLC and any of its current and future subsidiaries be authorised to apply a ratio of the fixed to variable components of total remuneration of their MRTs that exceeds 1:1, provided the ratio does not exceed 1:2. On 15 November
2018, the Board of Barclays PLC as shareholder of Barclays Bank UK PLC approved an equivalent resolution in relation to MRTs within Barclays Bank UK PLC and any of its subsidiaries.


80 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Contents


The management of risk is a critical underpinning to the execution of Barclays’ strategy. The material risks and
uncertainties the Barclays Group faces across its business and portfolios are key areas of management focus.


Risk management   Annual Report
Overview of Barclays’ approach to risk management. A detailed overview together with more specific information on policies that Barclays Group determines to be of particular significance in the current operating environment can
be found in Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2018 or at Barclays.com.   ◾ Enterprise
Risk Management Framework (ERMF) ◾ Principal
risks   83 83
◾ Risk
appetite for the principal risks   83
◾ Roles and
responsibilities in the management of risk   83
◾ Frameworks,
policies and standards   n/a
◾ Assurance   n/a
◾ Effectiveness of risk management arrangements   n/a
◾ Learning
from our mistakes   n/a
◾ Barclays’
 risk culture   84
◾ Barclays Group-wide risk management tools   n/a
◾ Risk management in the setting of strategy   n/a
Material existing and emerging risks
Insight into the level of risk across our business and portfolios, the material existing and emerging risks and uncertainties we face and the key areas of management focus.   ◾ Material
existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one principal risk   85
◾ Credit
risk   87
◾ Market
risk   88
◾ Treasury and
capital risk   88
◾ Operational risk   88
◾ Model risk   89
◾ Conduct risk   89
◾ Reputation risk   90
◾ Legal risk and legal, competition and
regulatory matters   90
Principal risk management
Barclays’ approach to risk management for each principal risk with focus on organisation and structure and roles and responsibilities.   ◾ Credit risk
management   91
◾ Management
of credit risk mitigation techniques and counterparty credit risk   n/a
◾ Market risk
management   93
◾ Management of securitisation exposures   n/a
◾ Treasury and capital risk management   94
◾ Operational risk management   97
◾ Model risk management   99
◾ Conduct risk management   100
◾ Reputation risk management   101
◾ Legal risk management   102
Risk performance
Credit risk: The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to the firm,
including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.   ◾ Credit risk
overview and summary of performance   104
◾ Maximum
exposure and effects of netting, collateral and risk transfer   104
◾ Expected
Credit Losses   107
◾ Movements in
gross exposure and impairment allowance including provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantees   110
◾ Management
adjustments to models for impairment   112
◾ Modification of financial assets   112
◾ Measurement uncertainty and sensitivity analysis   113
◾ Analysis of the concentration of credit risk   118
◾ Barclays Group’s approach to management and representation of credit
quality   120
◾ Analysis of specific portfolios and asset types   123
◾ Forbearance   125
◾ Analysis of debt securities   128
◾ Analysis of derivatives   129
Market risk: The risk of a loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation in market variables including, but not limited to,
interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.   ◾ Market risk
overview and summary of performance   131
◾ Balance
sheet view of trading and banking books   132
◾ Review of
management measures   133
◾ Review of
regulatory measures   134


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 81


Risk review

Contents


Risk performance continued   Annual Report
Treasury and capital risk – Liquidity: The risk that the firm is unable to meet its
contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.   ◾ Liquidity risk
overview and summary of performance ◾ Liquidity risk
stress testing   137 137
◾ Liquidity
pool   139
◾ Funding
structure and funding relationships   140
◾ Encumbrance   142
◾ Credit
ratings   146
◾ Contractual maturity of financial assets and
liabilities   147
Treasury and capital
risk – Capital: The risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its
normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the
firm’s pension plans.   ◾ Capital risk
overview and summary of performance ◾ Regulatory
minimum capital and leverage requirements   151 152
◾ Analysis of
capital resources   153
◾ Analysis of
risk weighted assets   154
◾ Analysis of
leverage ratio and exposures   155
◾ Foreign
exchange risk   156
◾ Pension risk review   157
◾ Minimum
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities   158
Treasury and capital risk – Interest rate risk in the banking book: The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility
because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities.   ◾ Interest rate risk in the banking book overview and summary of performance ◾ Net interest
income sensitivity ◾ Analysis of
equity sensitivity ◾ Volatility of
the FVOCI portfolio in the liquidity pool   159 160 160 161
Operational risk: The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events (for example fraud) where the root
cause is not due to credit or market risks.   ◾ Operational
risk overview and summary of performance ◾ Operational
risk profile   162 163
Model risk: The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and
reports.   ◾ Model risk
overview and summary of performance   165
Conduct risk: The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including
instances of wilful or negligent misconduct.   ◾ Conduct risk
overview and summary of performance   166
Reputation risk: The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by clients, counterparties,
investors, regulators, employees or the public.   ◾ Reputation
risk overview and summary of performance   167
Legal risk: The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including
regulatory or contractual requirements.   ◾ Legal risk
overview and summary of performance   168
Supervision and regulation
Barclays Group’s operations, including its overseas offices, subsidiaries and associates, are subject to a significant body of rules and regulations.   ◾ Supervision of Barclays Group ◾ Global regulatory developments ◾ Financial
regulatory framework   170 170 171


82 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk management

Barclays Group’s risk management strategy


Introduction


The activities of Barclays Group entail risk taking, every day, throughout its business. This section introduces these risks, and outlines
arrangements for identifying and managing them. Barclays Group’s approach to fostering a strong risk culture is also described.


Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF)

The ERMF sets the strategic direction for risk management by defining standards, objectives and responsibilities for all areas of Barclays Group. It supports senior management in effective risk management and developing a strong
risk culture.

The ERMF sets out:


◾   Principal risks faced by Barclays Group


◾   Risk appetite requirements


◾   Roles and responsibilities for risk management


◾   Risk committee structure

Principal risks


The ERMF identifies eight principal risks and sets out associated responsibilities and risk management standards.


Risk appetite for the principal risks


Risk appetite is defined as the level of risk which Barclays Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities.


Risk appetite is approved and disseminated across legal entities and businesses, with limits specified to control exposures and activities that have
material concentration risk implications for Barclays Group.

Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk


The Three Lines of Defence


All colleagues are responsible for understanding and managing risks within the context of their individual roles and responsibilities, as set out
below.

First Line of Defence

The First Line of Defence comprises all employees engaged in the revenue generating and client facing areas of Barclays Group and all associated support functions, including Finance, Treasury, Human Resources and the Chief Operating
Office (COO) function.

Employees in the First Line are responsible for:


◾   identifying the risks in their activities and developing appropriate policies, standards and controls


◾   operating within any and all limits which the Risk and Compliance functions establish over the exposures and activities of the first line; and


◾   escalating risk events to senior managers in Risk and Compliance.


Second Line of Defence

The
Second Line of Defence comprises employees of Risk and Compliance. The role of the Second Line is to establish the limits, rules and constraints under which First Line activities shall be performed, consistent with


the risk appetite of Barclays Group, and to monitor the performance of the First Line against these
limits and constraints. Note that the First Line may also set limits for a number of their activities related to operational risk. These will remain subject to supervision by the Second Line.


Third Line of Defence

The
Third Line of Defence comprises employees of Internal Audit. They provide independent assurance to the Barclays Board and Barclays Group Executive Management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control.


The Legal function does not sit in any of the three lines, but supports them all. The Legal function is, however, subject to oversight from Risk and
Compliance with respect to operational and conduct risks.

Risk committees


Product/risk type committees consider risk matters relevant to their business, and escalate as required to the Group Risk Committee (GRC), whose
Chairman, in turn, escalates to Barclays PLC Board Committees and the Barclays PLC Board.

There are three Board-level forums which
oversee the application of the ERMF and review and monitor risk across the Barclays Group. These are: the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee, the Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee, and the Barclays PLC Board Reputation Committee. Additionally, the
Barclays PLC Board Remuneration Committee oversees pay practices focusing on aligning pay to sustainable performance. Finally, the Barclays PLC Board receives regular information on the risk profile of Barclays Group, and has ultimate responsibility
for risk appetite and capital plans.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 83


Risk review


Risk management

Barclays
Group’s risk management strategy


The Barclays PLC Board


One of the Board’s responsibilities is the approval of risk appetite. The Barclays Group CRO regularly presents a report to the Board
summarising developments in the risk environment and performance trends in the key portfolios. The Board is also responsible for the ERMF.

Summaries of the relevant skills, experience and background of the Directors of the Board are presented in the Board of Directors section on pages 5 to 6.


The Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee (BRC)

The BRC monitors Barclays Group’s risk profile against the agreed appetite. Where actual performance differs from expectations, the actions taken by management are reviewed to ascertain that the BRC is comfortable with them.
After each meeting, the Chairman of the BRC prepares a report for the next meeting of the Board. All members are independent
Non-Executive
 Directors.


The BRC receives regular reports on risk methodologies, the effectiveness of the risk management framework, and Barclays Group’s risk profile,
including the material issues affecting each business portfolio and forward risk trends. The committee also commissions
in-depth
 analyses of significant risk topics, which are presented by the Barclays Group
CRO or senior risk managers in the businesses. The Chairman of the BRC also sits on the BAC.

The Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee
(BAC)

The BAC receives regular reports on the effectiveness of internal control systems, quarterly reports on material control
issues of significance, and quarterly papers on accounting judgements (including impairment). It also receives a half-yearly review of the adequacy of impairment allowances, which it reviews relative to the risk inherent in the portfolios, the
business environment and Barclays Group’s policies and methodologies. The Chairman of the BAC also sits on the BRC.

The Barclays
PLC Board Reputation Committee (RepCo)

The RepCo reviews management’s recommendations on conduct and reputation risk and the
effectiveness of the processes by which Barclays Group identifies and manages these risks. It also reviews and monitors the effectiveness of Barclays Group’s citizenship strategy, including the management of Barclays Group’s economic,
social and environmental contribution.


The Barclays PLC Board Remuneration Committee (RemCo)


The RemCo receives a detailed report on risk management performance and risk profile, and proposals on

ex-ante
 and
ex-post
 risk adjustments to variable remuneration. These inputs are considered in the setting of performance incentives.


The terms of reference and additional details on membership and activities for each of the principal Board Committees are available from the
Corporate Governance section of Barclays Group’s website at: home.barclays/about-barclays/barclays-corporate-governance.html.


Barclays Group’s risk culture

Risk culture can be defined as the “norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk taking and risk management”. At Barclays Group this is reflected in how colleagues identify, escalate and manage risk
matters.

Our Code of Conduct – the Barclays Way


Globally, all colleagues must attest to the “Barclays Way”, our Code of Conduct, and all frameworks, policies and standards applicable to
their roles. The Code of Conduct outlines the purpose and values which govern our Barclays Way of working across our business globally. It constitutes a reference point covering the aspects of colleagues’ working relationships, with other
Barclays Group’s employees, customers and clients, governments and regulators, business partners, suppliers, competitors and the broader community.

Embedding of a values-based, conduct culture

Conduct, culture and values remain a priority of the Barclays Group
Executive Committee who receive regular, detailed information from the business lines, and clearly communicate their intentions and the Barclays Group’s progress to all colleagues. The effectiveness of the risk and control environment, for
which all colleagues are responsible, depends on the continued embedment of strong values. Colleagues must be willing to meet their risk management responsibilities and escalate issues on a timely basis. Refer to the Board Reputation Committee
report on page 27 for further details.

Induction programmes support new colleagues in understanding how risk management culture and
practices support how Barclays Group does business and the link to Barclays Group’s values. The Leadership Curriculum covers the building, sustaining and supporting of a trustworthy organisation and is offered to colleagues globally.


Other risk culture drivers


In addition to values and conduct, we consider the following determinants of risk culture:


◾   Management and governance: This means a consistent tone from the top and clear responsibilities to enable risk identification and challenge


◾   Motivation and incentives: The right behaviours are rewarded and modelled


◾   Competence and effectiveness: This means that colleagues are enabled to identify, escalate and resolve risk and control matters


◾   Integrity: Colleagues are willing to meet their risk management responsibilities, and escalate issues on a timely basis.


84 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Material existing and emerging risks


Material existing and emerging risks to Barclays Group’s future performance


Material risks are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause the delivery of Barclays Group’s strategy,
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects to differ materially from current expectations.

Emerging risks are those
which have largely unknown components, the impact of which could crystallise over a longer time horizon. These could currently be considered immaterial but over time may individually or cumulatively affect Barclays Group’s strategy and cause
the same outcomes as material risks. In addition, certain factors beyond Barclays Group’s control, including escalation of terrorism or global conflicts, natural disasters and similar calamities, although not detailed below, could have a
similar impact on Barclays Group.

The risks described below are material existing and emerging risks which senior management has
identified with respect to Barclays Group.

Material existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one principal risk


i) Business conditions, general economy and geopolitical issues


The Barclays Group business mix spreads across multiple geographies and client types. The breadth of these operations means that deterioration in
the economic environment, or an increase in political instability in countries where Barclays Group is active, or in any systemically important economy, could adversely affect Barclays Group’s operating performance, financial condition and
prospects.

Although economic activity continued to strengthen globally in 2018, a change in global economic conditions and the reversal
of the improving trend may result in lower client activity in Barclays Group, including lower demand for borrowing from creditworthy customers, and/or a reduction in the value of related collateral and/or an increase of Barclays Group’s default
rates, delinquencies, write-offs, and impairment charges, which in turn could adversely affect Barclays Group’s performance and prospects. Deteriorating economic conditions could also impact the ability of Barclays Group to raise funding from
external investors. In addition, a shift in the forward looking consensus view of economic conditions may materially impact the models used to calculate expected credit losses (ECL), where an increase in ECLs could adversely affect Barclays
Group’s profitability.

In several countries, reversals of capital inflows, as well as fiscal austerity, have already caused
deterioration in political stability. This


could be exacerbated by a renewed rise in asset price volatility or sustained pressure on government
finances. In addition, geopolitical tensions in some areas of the world are at risk of further deterioration, thus potentially increasing market uncertainties and adverse global economic and market conditions, which in turn could adversely affect
Barclays Group’s profitability in certain geographical locations.

In the UK, the vote in favour of leaving the European Union (EU),
see ii) Process of UK withdrawal from the European Union below, has given rise to political uncertainty with potential consequences for investment and market confidence. The initial impact was a depreciation of Sterling resulting in higher costs for
companies exposed to imports and a more favourable environment for exporters. Rising domestic costs resulting from higher import prices may impact household incomes and the affordability of consumer loans and mortgages, resulting in reduced business
and, thereby, negatively impacting Barclays Group’s profitability. In turn this may affect businesses dependent on consumers for revenue, exacerbated by current pressures on businesses dependent on discretionary purchases. There has also been a
reduction in activity in both commercial and residential real estate markets which has the potential to impact the value of real estate assets and adversely affect mortgage assets. Furthermore, continued uncertainty in the withdrawal process could
have a detrimental effect in the economic environment in continental Europe, which may negatively impact Barclays Group’s business in specific Eurozone countries.


In the US, where the economy outperformed other key markets in 2018, there is the possibility of significant continued changes in policy in sectors
including trade, healthcare and commodities which may have an impact on associated Barclays Group portfolios. A significant proportion of Barclays Group’s portfolio is located in the US, including a major credit card portfolio and a range of
corporate and investment banking exposures. Stress in the US economy, weakening GDP and the associated exchange rate fluctuations, heightened trade tensions, an unexpected rise in unemployment and/or an increase in interest rates could lead to
increased levels of impairment, resulting in a negative impact on Barclays Group’s profitability.

As anticipated, most major
central banks have started tightening their monetary policies in 2018 and there remains a possibility that this will continue. The risk of large capital flows spawned by divergent or differently timed policies remains, and this will continue to
provide financial market turbulence, in particular in emerging market economies. This may negatively impact Barclays Group’s business in the affected regions, under both profiles of credit and market risk.


Sentiment towards emerging markets as a whole continues to be driven in large part by developments in China, where there is some


concern around the ability of authorities to manage growth while transitioning from manufacturing
towards services. Although the Chinese government’s efforts to stably increase the weight of domestic demand have had some success, the pace of credit growth remains a concern, given the high level of leverage and despite regulatory action. A
stronger than expected slowdown could result if authorities fail to appropriately manage the end of the investment and
credit-led
 boom.


Deterioration in emerging markets could affect Barclays Group if it results in higher impairment charges for Barclays Group via sovereign or
counterparty defaults.

More broadly, a deterioration of conditions in the key markets where Barclays Group operates could affect
performance in a number of ways including, for example: (i) deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence indirectly having a material adverse impact on GDP growth in significant markets and therefore on Barclays Group’s
performance; (ii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios resulting from changes in factors such as credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties; (iii) reduced ability to obtain capital from other financial institutions
for Barclays Group’s operations; and (iv) lower levels of fixed asset investment and productivity growth overall.


ii) Process of UK withdrawal from the European Union


The uncertainty around Brexit spanned the whole of 2018, and intensified in the second half of the year. The full impact of the withdrawal may only
be realised in years to come, as the economy adjusts to the new regime, but Barclays Group continues to monitor the most relevant risks, including those that may have a more immediate impact, for its business:


◾   Market volatility, including in currencies and interest rates, might increase which could have an impact on the value of Barclays Group’s trading book positions.


◾   Potential UK financial institutions’ credit spread widening could lead to reduced investor appetite for Barclays Group’s debt securities; this could negatively impact the cost of, and/or
access to, funding. There is potential for continued market and interest rate volatility. This volatility could affect underlying interest rate risk value of the assets in the banking book and securities held by Barclays Group for liquidity
purposes.


◾   A credit rating agency downgrade applied directly to Barclays Group, or indirectly as a result of a credit rating agency downgrade to the UK Government, could significantly increase Barclays
Group’s borrowing costs, credit spreads and materially adversely affect Barclays Group’s interest margins and liquidity position.


◾   Changes in the long-term outlook for UK interest rates may adversely affect pension liabilities and the market value of investments funding those liabilities.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 85


Risk review


Material existing and emerging risks


◾   Increased risk of a UK recession with lower growth, higher unemployment and falling UK house prices. This would likely negatively impact a number of Barclays Group’s portfolios, notably:
higher Loan to Value mortgages, UK unsecured lending including credit cards and commercial real estate exposures.


◾   The implementation of trade and customs barriers between the UK and EU could lead to delays and increased costs in the passage of goods for corporate banking customers. This could negatively impact
the levels of customer defaults and business volumes which may result in an increase in Barclays Group’s impairment charges and a reduction in revenues.


◾   Changes to current EU ‘Passporting’ rights may require further adjustment to the current model for Barclays Group’s cross-border banking operation which could increase operational
complexity and/or costs.


◾   The ability to attract, or prevent the departure of, qualified and skilled employees may be impacted by the UK’s and the EU’s future approach to the EU freedom of movement and immigration
from the EU countries and this may impact Barclays Group’s access to the EU talent pool.


◾   The legal framework within which Barclays Group operates could change and become more uncertain if the UK takes steps to replace or repeal certain laws currently in force, which are based on EU
legislation and regulation (including EU regulation of the banking sector) following its withdrawal from the EU. Certainty around the ability to perform existing contracts, enforceability of certain legal obligations and uncertainty around the
jurisdiction of the UK courts may be affected until the impacts of the loss of the current legal and regulatory arrangements between the UK and EU and the enforceability of UK judgements across the EU are fully known.


◾   Should the UK lose automatic qualification to be part of Single Euro Payments Area there could be a resultant impact on the efficiency of, and access to, European payment systems. In addition, loss
of automatic qualification to the European Economic Area (EEA) or access to Financial Markets Infrastructure including exchanges, central counterparties and payment services could impact service provision for clients, likely resulting in reduced
market share and revenue and increased operating costs for Barclays Group.


◾   There are certain execution risks relating to the transfer of Barclays Group’s European businesses to Barclays Bank Ireland Group. Technology change could result in outages or operational
errors, leading to delays in the transfer of assets and liabilities to Barclays Bank Ireland Group, and delayed delivery could lead to European clients losing access to products and service and increased reputational risk.


iii) Interest rate rises adversely impacting credit conditions


To the extent that central banks increase interest rates particularly in Barclays Group’s main markets, in the UK and the US, there could be an
impact on consumer debt affordability and corporate profitability.

While interest rate rises could positively impact Barclays
Group’s profitability, as retail and corporate business income may increase due to margin
de-compression,
 future interest rate increases, if larger or more frequent than expectations, could cause stress
in the lending portfolio and underwriting activity of Barclays Group. Higher credit losses driving an increased impairment allowance would most notably impact retail unsecured portfolios and wholesale

non-investment
 grade lending.

Changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the
value of high quality liquid assets which are part of the Barclays Group Treasury function’s investment activity. Consequently, this could create more volatility than expected through Barclays Group’s FVOCI reserves.


iv) Regulatory change agenda and impact on business model


Barclays Group remains subject to ongoing significant levels of regulatory change and scrutiny in many of the countries in which it operates
(including, in particular, the UK and the US). As a result, regulatory risk will remain a focus for senior management and consume significant levels of business resources. Furthermore, a more intensive regulatory approach and enhanced requirements
together with the uncertainty (particularly in light of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU) and potential lack of international regulatory
co-ordination
 as enhanced supervisory standards are developed and
implemented may adversely affect Barclays Group’s business, capital and risk management strategies and/or may result in Barclays Group deciding to modify its legal entity, capital and funding structures and business mix, or to exit certain
business activities altogether or not to expand in areas despite otherwise attractive potential.

Barclays Bank UK Group was established
on 1 April 2018 as the ring-fenced entity under Barclays Group. The relevant rules required to comply with the UK ring-fencing regime are complex and will continue to entail significant costs and operational and legal risks. There may be a risk
associated with the uncertainty around interpretation, administration and enforcement of the ring fencing regime as the regulatory requirements develop. This risk is compounded by the potential for different regulatory interpretation as standards
are developed, the impact of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and internal factors, such as Barclays Group’s strategy. Failure to maintain ongoing compliance, including from the implementation of any new regulatory requirements that may
potentially be enforced, could result in regulatory censure or penalties for Barclays Group.


There are several other significant pieces of legislation and areas of focus which will require
significant management attention, cost and resource, including:


◾   Changes in prudential requirements (including the risk reduction measures package recently adopted in the EU to amend the Capital Requirements Directive (CRD IV) and the Bank Recovery and
Resolution Directive (BRRD)) may impact minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) (including requirements for internal MREL), leverage, liquidity or funding requirements, applicable buffers and/or add-ons to such minimum requirements and risk weighted assets calculation methodologies all as may be set by international, EU or national authorities. Such or similar changes to prudential requirements or
additional supervisory and prudential expectations, either individually or in aggregate, may result in, among other things, a need for further management actions to meet the changed requirements, such as: increasing capital, MREL or liquidity
resources, reducing leverage and risk weighted assets; restricting distributions on capital instruments; modifying the terms of outstanding capital instruments; modifying legal entity structure (including with regard to issuance and
deployment of capital, MREL and funding); changing Barclays Group’s business mix or exiting other businesses; and/or undertaking other actions to strengthen Barclays Group’s position. (See Treasury and capital risk on pages 136 to 158 and
Supervision and regulation on pages 169 to 176 for more information).


◾   The derivatives market has been the subject of particular focus for regulators in recent years across the G20 countries and beyond, with regulations introduced which require the reporting and
clearing of standardised over the counter (OTC) derivatives and the mandatory margining of non-cleared OTC derivatives. Other regulations applicable to swap dealers, including those promulgated by the US
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, have imposed significant costs on Barclays Group’s derivatives business. The increased regulation of swaps and security-based swaps may also result in other increases in costs for market participants, as
well as reduced liquidity in the markets for such instruments, which could cause further increases in costs and volatility. These and any future requirements, including the US SEC’s regulations relating to security-based swaps and the
possibility of overlapping and/or contradictory requirements imposed on derivative transactions by regulators in different jurisdictions, are expected to continue to impact such business in the same manner.


More broadly, compliance with the evolving regulatory framework entails significant costs for market participants and is having a significant impact
on certain markets in which Barclays Group operates. The recast Markets


86 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


in Financial Instruments Directive in Europe (MiFID II), which came into force in January 2018, has
fundamentally changed the European regulatory framework entailing significant operational changes for market participants in a wide range of financial instruments as well as changes in market structures and practices. In addition, the EU Benchmarks
Regulation, which also came into force in January 2018, regulates the use of benchmarks in the EU. In particular, after 1 January 2020 certain Barclays Group entities will not be permitted to use benchmarks unless the relevant administrator is
authorised, registered or qualifies under a third party regime. This may necessitate adapting processes and systems to transition to new alternative benchmarks, which would be a very time-consuming and costly process. Separately, the transition to
risk-free rates as part of a wider benchmark reform is also expected to be impactful to Barclays Group in respect of the timing of the development of a robust risk free rate market, an unfavourable market reaction and/or inconsistencies in the
adoption of products using the new risk free rates, and also in respect of the costs and uncertainties involved in managing and/or changing historical products to reference risk free rates as a result of the proposed discontinuation of certain
existing benchmarks.


◾   Barclays Group and certain of its members are subject to supervisory stress testing exercises in a number of jurisdictions. These exercises currently include the programmes of the BoE, the EBA, the
FDIC and the FRB. These exercises are designed to assess the resilience of banks to adverse economic or financial developments and enforce robust, forward looking capital and liquidity management processes that account for the risks associated with
their business profile. Assessment by regulators is on both a quantitative and qualitative basis, the latter focusing on Barclays Group’s or certain of its members’ business model, data provision, stress testing capability and internal
management processes and controls. The stress testing requirements to which Barclays Group and its members are subject are becoming increasingly stringent. Failure to meet requirements of regulatory stress tests, or the failure by regulators to
approve the stress test results and capital plans of Barclays Group, could result in Barclays Group being required to enhance its capital position, limit capital distributions or position additional capital in specific subsidiaries. For more
information on stress testing, refer to Supervision and regulation on page 172.


◾   The introduction and implementation of both Payments Service Directive 2 (PSD2) and the Open API standards and data sharing remedy from the UK Competition and Markets Authority following its Retail
Banking Market Investigation Order (together ‘Open Banking’) from January 2018 with delivery across 2019 provides third parties and banks with opportunities to change and enhance the relationship


between a customer and their bank. It does this by providing customers with the ability to share their transactional data with authorised third party service providers either for aggregation or
payment services. It is anticipated that both aggregation and payment services will be offered by third parties to Barclay Group’s customers and Barclays Group itself has launched an aggregation service. PSD2 will also introduce new
requirements to the authentication process for a number of actions customers take, including ecommerce transactions. A failure to comply with Open Banking requirements could expose Barclays Group to regulatory sanction. Further, the data sharing
regime could mean that actions or omissions by third party service providers could expose Barclays Group to potential financial loss from third party fraud, misuse of customer data, litigation and reputational detriment, amongst other things. The
changes to authentication may change the fraud environment across the industry as providers implement different approaches to comply.

Material existing and emerging risks impacting individual principal risks

i) Credit risk


a) Impairment

The
introduction of the impairment requirements of
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments,
 implemented on 1 January 2018, results in impairment loss allowances that are recognised earlier, on a more forward looking basis and on a broader scope of
financial instruments than has been the case under IAS 39 and has had, and may continue to have, a material impact on Barclays Group’s financial condition.


Measurement involves increased complex judgement and impairment charges will tend to be more volatile, particularly under stressed conditions.
Unsecured products with longer expected lives, such as revolving credit cards, are the most impacted. Taking into account the transitional regime, the capital treatment on the increased reserves has the potential to adversely impact regulatory
capital ratios.

In addition, the move from incurred to expected credit losses has the potential to impact Barclays Group’s
performance under stressed economic conditions or regulatory stress tests. For more information, refer to Note 1 on pages 214 to 217.


b) Specific sectors and concentrations

Barclays Group is subject to risks arising from changes in credit quality
and recovery rate of loans and advances due from borrowers and counterparties in a specific portfolio. Any deterioration in credit quality could lead to lower recoverability and higher impairment in a specific sector. The following are areas of
uncertainties to Barclays Group’s portfolio which could have a material impact on performance:


◾   UK retailers. Softening demand, rising costs and a structural shift to online is fuelling pressure on the UK High Street. Whilst we have not seen any material impact, as the UK retailer
market repositions itself the trend represents a potential risk in our UK corporate portfolio.


◾   Consumer affordability has remained a key area of focus for regulators, particularly in unsecured lending, driven by the growth in levels of borrowing. Macroeconomic factors, such as rising
unemployment, that impact a customer’s ability to service unsecured debt payments could lead to increased arrears in unsecured products.


◾   UK real estate market. UK property represents a significant portion of the overall Barclays Group retail and corporate credit exposure. In 2018, property price growth across the UK
continued, however, this growth has slowed in London and the South East where Barclays Group’s exposure has high concentration. Barclays Group is at risk of increased impairment from a material fall in property prices due to the depreciation in
value of the underlying loan security.


◾   Leverage finance underwriting. Barclays Group takes on sub-investment grade underwriting exposure, including single name risk, particularly in the US
and Europe. Barclays Group is exposed to credit events and market volatility during the underwriting period. Any adverse events during this period may potentially result in loss for Barclays Group, or an increased capital requirement should there be
a need to hold the exposure for an extended period.


◾   Italian portfolio. Barclays Group is exposed to a decline in the Italian economic environment through a mortgage portfolio in run-off and positions to
wholesale customers. The Italian economy tipped into an official recession at the end of 2018 and should the economy deteriorate further, there could be a material adverse effect on Barclays Group’s results including, but not limited to,
increased credit losses and higher impairment charges.

Barclays Group also has large individual exposures to single name
counterparties, both in its lending activities and in its financial services and trading activities, including transactions in derivatives and transactions with brokers, central clearing houses, dealers, other banks, mutual and hedge funds and other
institutional clients. The default of such counterparties could have a significant impact on the carrying value of these assets. In addition, where such counterparty risk has been mitigated by taking collateral, credit risk may remain high if the
collateral held cannot be realised, or has to be liquidated at prices which are insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. Any such defaults could have a material adverse effect on Barclays Group’s results due
to, for example, increased credit losses and higher impairment charges.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 87


Risk review


Material existing and emerging risks


c) Environmental risk


Barclays Group is exposed to credit risks arising from energy and climate change. Indirect risks may be incurred as a result of environmental issues
impacting the credit worthiness of the borrower resulting in higher impairment.

ii) Market risk


Market volatility

An
uncertain outlook for the direction of monetary policy, the
US-China
 trade conflict, slowing global growth and political concerns in the US and Europe (including Brexit) are some of the factors that could
heighten market risks for Barclays Group’s portfolios.

In addition, Barclays Group’s trading business is generally exposed to
a prolonged period of elevated asset price volatility, particularly if it negatively affects the depth of marketplace liquidity. Such a scenario could impact Barclays Group’s ability to execute client trades and may also result in lower client
flow-driven income and/or market-based losses on its existing portfolio of market risks. These can include having to absorb higher hedging costs from rebalancing risks that need to be managed dynamically as market levels and their associated
volatilities change.


iii) Treasury and capital risk


Barclays Group may not be able to achieve its business plans due to: a) inability to maintain appropriate capital ratios; b) inability to meet its
obligations as they fall due; c) rating agency downgrades; d) adverse changes in foreign exchange rates on capital ratios; e) adverse movements in the pension fund; f)
non-traded
 market risk/interest rate risk
in the banking book.

a) Inability to maintain prudential ratios and other regulatory requirements


This could lead to Barclays Group’s inability to support business activity; a failure to meet regulatory capital requirements including any
additional capital
add-ons
 or the requirements set for regulatory stress tests; increased cost of funding due to deterioration in investor appetite or credit ratings; restrictions on distributions including
the ability to meet dividend targets; and/or the need to take additional measures to strengthen Barclays Group’s capital or leverage position.

b) Inability to manage liquidity and funding risk effectively

This may result in Barclays Group either not
having sufficient financial resources to meet its payment obligations as they fall due or, although solvent, only being able to meet these obligations at excessive cost. This could cause Barclays Group to fail to meet regulatory liquidity standards
or be unable to support
day-to-day
 banking activities.


The stability of Barclays Group’s current funding profile, in particular that part which is based on accounts and deposits payable on demand or
at short notice, could be affected


by Barclays Group failing to preserve the current level of customer and investor confidence. Barclays
Group also regularly accesses the capital markets to provide short-term and long-term funding to support its operations. Several factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, adverse outcomes in legal, regulatory or conduct matters and loss
of confidence by investors, counterparties and/or customers in Barclays Group, can affect the ability of Barclays Group to access the capital markets and/or the cost and other terms upon which Barclays Group is able to obtain market funding.


c) Credit rating changes and the impact on funding costs


Any potential or actual credit rating agency downgrades could significantly increase


Barclays Group’s borrowing costs, credit spreads and materially adversely affect Barclays Group’s interest margins and liquidity position.
Consequently, this may result in reduced profitability for Barclays Group.

d) Adverse changes in FX rates impacting capital ratios


Barclays Group has capital resources, risk weighted assets and leverage exposures denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in
foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact the Sterling equivalent value of these items. As a result, Barclays Group’s regulatory capital ratios are sensitive to foreign currency movements. Failure to appropriately manage Barclays
Group’s balance sheet to take account of foreign currency movements could result in an adverse impact on regulatory capital and leverage ratios.

e) Adverse movements in the pension fund

Adverse movements in pension assets and liabilities for defined benefit
pension schemes could result in deficits on a funding and/or accounting basis. This could lead to Barclays Group making substantial additional contributions to its pension plans and/or a deterioration in its capital position. Under IAS 19 the
liabilities discount rate is derived from the yields of high quality corporate bonds.

Therefore, the valuation of Barclays Group’s
defined benefits schemes would be adversely affected by a prolonged fall in the discount rate due to a persistent low rate and/or credit spread environment. Inflation is another significant risk driver to the pension fund as the liabilities are
adversely impacted by an increase in long-term inflation expectations.

f)
Non-traded
 market
risk/interest rate risk in the banking book

A shortfall in the liquidity pool investment return could increase Barclays Group’s
cost of funds and impact the capital ratios. Barclays Group’s structural hedge programmes for interest rate risk in the banking book rely on behavioural assumptions, as a result, the success of the hedging strategy is not guaranteed. A
potential mismatch in the balance or duration of the hedge assumptions could lead to earnings deterioration.


iv) Operational risk


a) Cyber threat

The
frequency of cyber-attacks continues to grow and is a global threat which is inherent across all industries, including the financial sector and is a key area of focus for Barclays Group. The financial sector remains a primary target for cyber
criminals. There is an increasing level of sophistication in both criminal and nation state hacking for the purpose of stealing money, stealing, destroying or manipulating data, including customer data, and/or disrupting operations, with threats
arising from malicious emails, distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, payment system compromises, supply chain and vulnerability exploitation. Other events have a compounding impact on services and customers, e.g. data breaches in social
networking sites, retail companies and payments networks.

Failure to adequately manage this threat could result in increased fraud
losses, inability to perform critical economic functions, customer detriment, potential regulatory censure or penalties, legal liability, reduction in shareholder value and reputational damage.


b) Fraud

The level and
nature of fraud threats continues to evolve, particularly with the increasing use of digital products and the greater functionality available online. Criminals continue to adapt their techniques and are increasingly focused on targeting customers
and clients through ever more sophisticated methods of social engineering. External data breaches also provide criminals with the opportunity to exploit the growing levels of compromised data. These threats could lead to customer detriment, loss of
business, regulatory censure, missed business opportunity and reputational damage.

Recent changes in the regulatory landscape will see
increased levels of liability being taken by Barclays Group as part of a voluntary code in the UK to provide additional protection to customers and clients who are victims of Authorised Push Payment scams.


c) Operational resilience


The loss of or disruption to Barclays Group’s business processing is a material inherent risk theme within Barclays Group and across the
financial services industry, whether arising through impacts on technology systems, real estate services, personnel availability or the support of major suppliers.


Failure to build resilience into business processes or into the services of technology, real estate or suppliers on which Barclays Group’s
business processes depend, may result in significant customer detriment, costs to reimburse losses incurred by our customers, potential regulatory censure or penalties, and reputational damage.


d) Supplier exposure


Barclays Group depends on suppliers, including Barclays Services Limited, for the provision of many of its services and the development of
technology. Even though


88 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Group depends on suppliers, it continues to be accountable for risk arising from the actions
of such suppliers.

Failure to monitor and control Barclays Group’s suppliers could potentially lead to client information, or
critical infrastructures and services, not being adequately protected or available when required. The dependency on suppliers and
sub-contracting
 of outsourced services introduces concentration risk where the
failure of specific suppliers could have an impact on our ability to continue to provide services that are material to Barclays Group.


Failure to adequately manage outsourcing risk could result in increased losses, inability to perform critical economic functions, customer
detriment, potential regulatory censure, legal liability and reputational damage.

e) Processing error


As a large, complex bank, Barclays Group faces the risk of material errors in operational processes, including payments and client transactions.


Material operational or payment errors could disadvantage Barclays Group’s customers, clients or counterparties and could result in
regulatory censure, legal liability, reputational damage and financial loss for Barclays Group.

f) New and emergent technology


Technological advancements present opportunities to develop new and innovative ways of doing business across Barclays Group, with
new solutions being developed both
in-house
 and in association with third party companies. Introducing new forms of technology, however, also has the potential to increase inherent risk.


Failure to evaluate, actively manage and closely monitor risk exposure during all phases of business development could lead to customer detriment,
loss of business, regulatory censure, missed business opportunity and reputational damage.

g) Ability to hire and retain
appropriately qualified employees

As a regulated financial institution, Barclays Group requires diversified and specialist skilled
colleagues. Barclays Group’s ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse mix of talent is key to the delivery of its core business activity and strategy. This is impacted by a range of external and internal factors, such as the UK’s
decision to leave the EU and the enhanced individual accountability applicable to the banking industry.

Failure to attract or prevent
the departure of appropriately qualified and skilled employees could negatively impact our financial performance, control environment and level of employee engagement. Additionally, this may result in disruption to service which could in turn lead
to disenfranchising certain customer groups, customer detriment and reputational damage.


h) Tax risk


Barclays Group is required to comply with the domestic and international tax laws and practice of all countries in which it has business operations.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has introduced substantial changes to the US tax system, including the introduction of a new tax, the Base Erosion Anti-Abuse Tax. These changes have increased Barclays Group’s tax compliance obligations and require a
number of system and process changes which introduce additional operational risk. In addition, increasing customer tax reporting requirements around the world and the digitisation of the administration of tax has potential to increase Barclays
Group’s tax compliance obligations further. In light of the above, there is a risk that Barclays Group could suffer losses due to additional tax charges, other financial costs or reputational damage as a result of failing to comply with such
laws and practice, or by failing to manage its tax affairs in an appropriate manner, with much of this risk attributable to the international structure of Barclays Group.


i) Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies. The key areas involving a higher degree of
judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the consolidated and individual financial statements include credit impairment charges for amortised cost assets, taxes, fair value of financial instruments, pensions and
post-retirement benefits, and provisions including conduct and legal, competition and regulatory matters. There is a risk that if the judgement exercised, or the estimates or assumptions used, subsequently turn out to be incorrect, this could result
in significant loss to Barclays

Group, beyond what was anticipated or provided for.


The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS could also significantly impact the financial results, condition and prospects
of Barclays Group.

j) Data management and information protection


Barclays Group holds and processes large volumes of data, including personally identifiable information, intellectual property, and financial data.
Failure to accurately collect and maintain this data, protect it from breaches of confidentiality and interference with its availability exposes Barclays Group to the risk of loss or unavailability of data (including customer data covered under vi),
c) Data protection and privacy, below) or data integrity issues. This could result in regulatory censure, legal liability and reputational damage, including the risk of substantial fines under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which
strengthens the data protection rights for customers and increases the accountability of Barclays Group in its management of that data.


k) Unauthorised or rogue trading


Unauthorised trading, such as a large unhedged position, which arises through a failure of preventative controls or deliberate actions of the
trader, may result in large financial losses for Barclays Group, loss of business, damage to investor confidence and reputational damage.


l) Algorithmic trading

In
some areas of the investment banking business, trading algorithms are used to price and risk manage client and principal transactions. An algorithmic error could result in increased market exposure and subsequent financial losses for Barclays Group
and potential loss of business, damage to investor confidence and reputational damage.

v) Model risk


Enhanced model risk management requirements

Barclays Group relies on models to support a broad range of business and risk management activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures (including the calculation of
impairment), conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, supporting new business acceptance and risk and reward evaluation, managing client assets, and meeting reporting requirements.


Models are, by their nature, imperfect and incomplete representations of reality because they rely on assumptions and inputs, and so they may be
subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their outputs. For instance, the quality of the data used in models across Barclays Group has a material impact on the accuracy and completeness of our risk and financial metrics.


Models may also be misused. Model errors or misuse may result in Barclays Group making inappropriate business decisions and being subject to
financial loss, regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting.

vi) Conduct risk


There is the risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial
services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct. This risk could manifest itself in a variety of ways:

a) Product
governance and life cycle

Ineffective product governance, including design, approval and review of products, inappropriate controls
over internal and third party sales channels and post sales services, such as complaints handling, collections and recoveries, could lead to poor customer outcomes, as well as regulatory sanctions, financial loss and reputational damage.


b) Financial crime

Barclays
Group may be adversely affected if it fails to effectively mitigate the risk that third parties or its employees facilitate, or that its products and services are used to facilitate financial crime (money laundering, terrorist financing and
proliferation financing, breaches of economic and financial sanctions, bribery


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 89


Risk review

Material existing and emerging risks


and corruption, and the facilitation of tax evasion). UK and US regulations concerning financial
institutions continue to focus on combating financial crime. Failure to comply may lead to enforcement action by Barclays Group’s regulators together with severe penalties, affecting Barclays Group’s reputation and financial results.


c) Data protection and privacy

Proper handling of personal data is critical to sustaining long-term relationships with our customers and clients and to meeting privacy laws and obligations. Failure to protect personal data can lead to potential detriment to our
customers and clients, reputational damage, regulatory sanctions and financial loss, which under the GDPR may be substantial (see iv (j) Data management and information protection, above).


d) Regulatory focus on culture and accountability


Regulators around the world continue to emphasise the importance of culture and personal accountability and the adoption and enforcement of adequate internal reporting and whistleblowing procedures in helping to promote appropriate
conduct and drive positive outcomes for customers, colleagues, clients and markets. Failure to meet the requirements and expectations of the UK Senior Managers Regime, Certification Regime and Conduct Rules may lead to regulatory sanctions, both for
the individuals and Barclays Group.


vii) Reputation risk


Barclays Group’s association with sensitive sectors and its impact on reputation


A risk arising in one business area can have an adverse effect upon Barclays Group’s overall reputation; any one transaction, investment or
event that, in the perception of key stakeholders reduces their trust in Barclays Group’s integrity and competence.

Barclays
Group’s association with sensitive topics and sectors is an area of concern for stakeholders, including:


◾   Disclosure of climate risks and opportunities, including the activities of certain sections of the client base, which has become the subject of increased scrutiny from regulators, NGOs and other
stakeholders.


◾   The risks of association with human rights violations through the perceived indirect involvement in human rights abuses committed by clients and customers.


◾   The manufacture and export of military and riot control goods and services by clients and customers.


These associations have the potential to give rise to reputation risk for Barclays Group and may result in loss of business, regulatory censure and
missed business opportunity.

In addition to the above, Reputation risk has the potential to arise from operational issues or conduct
matters which cause detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or Barclays Group (see iv a) Cyber


threat, iv j) Data management and information protection, and vi) Conduct risk, above).


viii) Legal risk and legal, competition and regulatory matters

Legal disputes, regulatory investigations, fines
and other sanctions relating to conduct of business and breaches of legislation and/or regulations may negatively affect Barclays Group’s results, reputation and ability to conduct its business.


Barclays Group conducts diverse activities in a highly regulated global market and therefore is exposed to the risk of fines and other sanctions.
Authorities have continued to investigate past practices, pursued alleged breaches and imposed heavy penalties on financial services firms. A breach of applicable legislation and/or regulations could result in Barclays Group or its staff being
subject to criminal prosecution, regulatory censure, fines and other sanctions in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Where clients, customers or other third parties are harmed by Barclays Group’s conduct, this may also give rise to legal
proceedings, including class actions. Other legal disputes may also arise between Barclays Group and third parties relating to matters such as breaches, enforcement of legal rights or obligations arising under contracts, statutes or common law.
Adverse findings in any such matters may result in Barclays Group being liable to third parties, or may result in Barclays Group’s rights not being enforced as intended.


Details of legal, competition and regulatory matters to which Barclays Group is currently exposed are set out in Note 27. In addition to matters
specifically described in Note 27, Barclays Group is engaged in various other legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Barclays Group is also subject to requests for information, investigations and other reviews by
regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with business activities in which Barclays Group is, or has been, engaged.


The outcome of legal, competition and regulatory matters, both those to which Barclays Group is currently exposed and any others which may arise in
the future, is difficult to predict. In connection with such matters Barclays Group may incur significant expense, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and any such matters could expose Barclays Group to any of the following outcomes: substantial
monetary damages, settlements and/or fines; remediation of affected customers and clients; other penalties and injunctive relief; additional litigation; criminal prosecution; the loss of any existing agreed protection from prosecution; regulatory
restrictions on Barclays Group’s business operations including the withdrawal of authorisations; increased regulatory compliance requirements; suspension of operations; public reprimands; loss of significant assets or business; a negative
effect on Barclays Group’s reputation; loss of confidence by investors, counterparties,


clients and/or customers; risk of credit rating agency downgrades; potential negative impact on the availability and/or cost of funding and liquidity; and/or dismissal or resignation of key
individuals. In light of the uncertainties involved in legal, competition and regulatory matters, there can be no assurance that the outcome of a particular matter or matters will not be material to Barclays Group’s results of operations or
cash flow for a particular period.

In January 2017, Barclays was sentenced to serve three years of probation from the date of the
sentencing order in accordance with the terms of its May 2015 plea agreement with the Department of Justice (DOJ). During the term of probation, Barclays Group must, among other things, (i) commit no crime whatsoever in violation of the federal
laws of the US, (ii) implement and continue to implement a compliance program designed to prevent and detect the conduct that gave rise to the plea agreement, and (iii) strengthen its compliance and internal controls as required by
relevant regulatory or enforcement agencies. Potential consequences of breaching the plea agreement include the imposition of additional terms and conditions on Barclays Group, an extension of the agreement, or the criminal prosecution of Barclays
Group, which could, in turn, entail further financial penalties and collateral consequences and have a material adverse effect on Barclays Group’s business, operating results or financial position.


There is also a risk that the outcome of any legal, competition or regulatory matters in which Barclays Group is involved may give rise to changes
in law or regulation as part of a wider response by relevant law makers and regulators. A decision in any matter, either against Barclays Group or another financial institution facing similar claims, could lead to further claims against Barclays
Group.


90 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Credit risk management


Credit risk (audited)


The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their
obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.


Overview


The credit risk that Barclays Group faces arises from wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising
from derivative contracts with clients; trading activities, including: debt securities, settlement balances with market counterparties, FVOCI assets and reverse repurchase loans.


Credit risk management objectives are to:


◾   maintain a framework of controls to oversee credit risk;


◾   identify, assess and measure credit risk clearly and accurately across Barclays Group and within each separate business, from the level of individual facilities up to the total portfolio;


◾   control and plan credit risk taking in line with external stakeholder expectations and avoiding undesirable concentrations;


◾   monitor credit risk and adherence to agreed controls.


Organisation and structure


Wholesale and retail portfolios are managed separately to reflect the differing nature of the assets; wholesale balances tend to be larger and are
managed on an individual basis, while retail balances are greater in number but lesser in value and are, therefore, managed in aggregated segments.

The credit risk management teams in each legal entity are accountable to the relevant Legal Entity CRO, who reports to the Barclays Group CRO.


Roles and responsibilities


The responsibilities of the credit risk management teams in the businesses, the sanctioning team and other shared services include: sanctioning new
credit agreements (principally wholesale); setting strategies for approval of transactions (principally retail); setting risk appetite; monitoring risk against limits and other parameters; maintaining robust processes, data gathering, quality,
storage and reporting methods for effective credit risk management; performing effective turnaround and workout scenarios for wholesale portfolios via dedicated restructuring and recoveries teams; maintaining robust collections and recovery
processes/units for retail portfolios; and development of credit risk measurement models.


For wholesale portfolios, credit risk approval is undertaken by experienced credit risk professionals
operating within a clearly defined delegated authority framework, with only the most senior credit officers assigned the higher levels of delegated authority. The largest credit exposures, which are outside the Risk Sanctioning Unit or Risk
Distribution Committee authority, require the support of a legal entity Senior Credit Officer. For exposures in excess of the legal entity Senior Credit Officer’s authority, approval by Group Senior Credit Officer/Board Risk Committee is also
required. The Barclays Group Credit Risk Committee, attended by legal entity Senior Credit Officers, provides a formal mechanism for the Barclays Group Senior Credit Officer to exercise the highest level of credit authority over the most material
Barclays Group single name exposures.

In the wholesale portfolios, credit risk managers are organised in sanctioning teams by geography,
industry and/or product.

The role of the Central Risk function is to provide Barclays Group-wide direction, oversight and challenge of
credit risk taking. Central Risk sets the Credit Risk Control Framework, which provides the structure within which credit risk is managed, together with supporting credit risk policies and standards.


Governance and oversight of expected credit losses


Barclays Group’s organisational structure and internal governance processes oversee the estimation of ECL across several areas, including: i)
setting requirements in policy, including key assumptions and the application of key judgements; ii) the design and execution of models; and iii) review of ECL results.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 91


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Credit risk management


i)   Impairment policy requirements are set and reviewed regularly, at a minimum annually, to maintain
adherence to accounting standards. Key judgements inherent in policy, including the estimated life of revolving credit facilities and the quantitative criteria for assessing the significant increase in credit risk (SICR), are separately supported by
analytical study. In particular, the quantitative thresholds used for assessing SICR are subject to a number of internal validation criteria, particularly in retail portfolios where thresholds decrease as the origination PD of each facility
increases. Key policy requirements are also typically aligned to Barclays Group’s credit risk management strategy and practices, for example, wholesale customers that are risk managed on an individual basis are assessed for ECL on an individual
basis upon entering Stage 3; furthermore, key internal risk management indicators of high risk are used to set SICR policy, for example, retail customers identified as High Risk Management Accounts are automatically deemed to have met the SICR
criteria.


ii)   ECL is estimated in line with internal policy requirements using models which are validated by a
qualified independent party to the model development area, the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), before first use and at a minimum annually thereafter. Each model is designated an owner who is responsible for:


◾   Monitoring the performance of the model, which includes comparing predicted ECL versus flow into stage 3 and coverage ratios; and


◾   Proposing post-model adjustments (PMA) to address model weaknesses or to account for situations where known or expected risk factors and information have not been considered in the modelling
process. Each PMA above an absolute and relative threshold is approved by the IVU for a set time period (usually a maximum of six months) together with a plan for remediation. The most material PMAs are also approved by the Barclays Group’s
Chief Risk Officer.


Models must also assess ECL across a range of future economic conditions. These economic scenarios
are generated via an independent model and ultimately set by the Senior Scenario Review Committee. Economic scenarios are regenerated at a minimum annually, to align with Barclays Group’s medium term planning exercise, but also if the external
consensus of the UK or US economy materially worsen. The scenario probability weights are also updated when scenarios are regenerated and reviewed by the Senior Scenario Committee. Each model used in the estimation of ECL, including key inputs, are
governed by a series of internal controls, which include the validation of completeness and accuracy of data in golden source systems, documented data


transformations and documented lineage of data transfers between systems.


iii)   The Barclays Group Impairment Committee, formed of members from both Finance and Risk, is
responsible for overseeing impairment policy and practice across Barclays Group and will approve impairment results. Reported results and key messages are communicated to the Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee, which has an oversight role and
provides challenge of key assumptions, including the basis of the scenarios adopted.

Credit risk mitigation


Barclays Group employs a range of techniques and strategies to actively mitigate credit risks. These can broadly be divided into
three types:


◾   netting and set-off


◾   collateral


◾   risk transfer.

Netting and

set-off


In most jurisdictions and within legal entities in which Barclays Group operates,
credit risk exposures can be reduced by applying netting and
set-off.
 In exposure terms, this credit risk mitigation technique has the largest overall impact on net exposure to derivative transactions,
compared with other risk mitigation techniques.

For derivative transactions, Barclays Group’s normal practice is, on a legal entity
basis, to enter into standard master agreements with counterparties (e.g. ISDAs). These master agreements typically allow for netting of credit risk exposure to a counterparty resulting from derivative transactions against the obligations to the
counterparty in the event of default, and so produce a lower net credit exposure. These agreements may also reduce settlement exposure (e.g. for foreign exchange transactions) by allowing payments on the same day in the same currency to be
set-off
 against one another.

Collateral


Barclays Group has the ability to call on collateral in the event of default of the counterparty, comprising:


◾   home loans: a fixed charge over residential property in the form of houses, flats and other dwellings. The value of collateral is impacted by property market conditions which drive demand
and therefore value of the property. Other regulatory interventions on ability to repossess, longer period to repossession and granting of forbearance may also affect the collateral value.


◾   wholesale lending: a fixed charge over commercial property and other physical assets, in various forms.


◾   other retail lending: includes charges over motor vehicle and other physical assets; second lien charges over residential property, which are subordinate to first charges held either by
Barclays Group or


another party; and finance lease receivables, for which typically Barclays Group retains legal title to the leased asset and has the right to repossess the asset on the default of the borrower.


◾   derivatives: Barclays Group also often seeks to enter into a margin agreement (e.g. Credit Support Annex) with counterparties with which Barclays Group has master netting agreements in
place. These annexes to master agreements provide a mechanism for further reducing credit risk, whereby collateral (margin) is posted on a regular basis (typically daily) to collateralise the mark to market exposure of a derivative portfolio
measured on a net basis. Barclays Group may additionally negotiate the receipt of an independent amount further mitigating risk by collateralising potential mark to market exposure moves.


◾   reverse repurchase agreements: collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities which have been legally transferred to Barclays Group subject to an agreement to return them for a
fixed price.


◾   financial guarantees and similar off-balance sheet commitments: cash collateral may be held against these arrangements.


Risk transfer

A range of
instruments including guarantees, credit insurance, credit derivatives and securitisation can be used to transfer credit risk from one counterparty to another. These mitigate credit risk in two main ways:


◾   if the risk is transferred to a counterparty which is more creditworthy than the original counterparty, then overall credit risk is reduced


◾   where recourse to the first counterparty remains, both counterparties must default before a loss materialises. This is less likely than the default of either counterparty individually so credit
risk is reduced.

Detailed policies are in place to appropriately recognise and record credit risk mitigation.


92 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Market risk management


Market risk (audited) The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation
in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


Overview


Market risk arises primarily as a result of client facilitation in wholesale markets, involving market making activities, risk management solutions
and execution of syndications. Upon execution of a trade with a client, Barclays Group will look to hedge against the risk of the trade moving in an adverse direction. Mismatches between client transactions and hedges result in market risk due to
changes in asset prices, volatility or correlations.

Organisation and structure


Market risk in the businesses resides primarily in Barclays International and Barclays Group Treasury. These businesses have the mandate to assume
market risk. Market risk oversight and challenge is provided by business Committees and Group Committees, including the Market Risk Committee.

Roles and responsibilities

The objectives of market risk management are to:


◾   Identify, understand and control market risk by robust measurement, limit setting, reporting and oversight


◾   facilitate business growth within a controlled and transparent risk management framework


◾   control market risk in the businesses according to the allocated appetite.

To meet the above objectives, a governance structure is in place to manage these risks consistent with the ERMF.


The Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee recommends market risk appetite to the Barclays PLC Board for
their approval. The Market Risk Principal Risk Lead (PR Lead) is responsible for the Market Risk Control Framework and, under delegated authority from the Barclays Group CRO, agrees with the Business CROs a limit framework within the context of the
approved market risk appetite.

The Market Risk Committee approves and makes recommendations concerning the Barclays Group-wide market
risk profile. This includes overseeing the operation of the Market Risk Framework and associated standards and policies; reviewing market or regulatory issues and limits and utilisation. The Committee is chaired by the PR Lead and attendees include
the business heads of market risk and business aligned market risk managers.

The head of each business is accountable for all market
risks associated with its activities, while the head of the market risk team covering each business is responsible for implementing the risk control framework for market risk.


For more information on market risk management, refer to the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2018 (unaudited).


Management value at risk


◾   estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, over one day for a given confidence level


◾   differs from the regulatory VaR used for capital purposes in scope, confidence level and horizon


◾   back testing is performed to evaluate that the model is fit for purpose.

VaR is an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements if the current positions were to be held unchanged for one business day. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation
methodology with a
two-year
 equally weighted historical period, at the 95% confidence level is used for all trading books and some banking books.


The management VaR model in some instances may not appropriately measure some market risk exposures, especially for market moves that are not
directly observable via prices. Market risk managers are required to identify risks which are not adequately captured in VaR (‘risks not in VaR’ or ‘RNIVs’).


When reviewing VaR estimates, the following considerations are taken into account:


◾   the historical simulation uses the most recent two years of past data to generate possible future market moves, but the past may not be a good indicator of the future


◾   the one-day time horizon may not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be closed out or hedged within one day


◾   VaR is based on positions as at close of business and consequently, it is not an appropriate measure for intra-day risk arising from a position bought and
sold on the same day


◾   VaR does not indicate the potential loss beyond the VaR confidence level.

Limits are applied at the total level as well as by risk factor type, which are then cascaded down to particular trading desks and businesses by the market risk management function.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 93


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Treasury and capital risk management


Treasury and capital risk


Liquidity risk:
 The risk that the firm is
unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.


Capital risk:
 The risk that the firm has an
insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or
regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans.


Interest rate risk in the banking book:
 The
risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its
(non-traded)
 assets and liabilities.


Overview


Barclays Group Treasury manages treasury and capital risk exposure on a

day-to-day
 basis with the Treasury Committee acting as the principal management body. To enforce effective oversight and segregation of duties and in line with the ERMF,
the Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for oversight of key capital, liquidity, interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) and pension risk management activities. The following describes the structure and governance associated
with the risk types within the Treasury and Capital Risk function.


Liquidity risk management (audited)


Overview

The efficient
management of liquidity is essential to Barclays Group in retaining the confidence of the financial markets and maintaining the sustainability of the business. There is a control framework in place for managing liquidity risk and this is designed to
maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality and funding tenor profile that is adequate to meet the liquidity risk appetite as expressed by the Barclays PLC Board based on internal and regulatory liquidity metrics.


This is achieved via a combination of policy formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring.
Together, these meet internal and regulatory requirements.


Roles and responsibilities


The Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for the management and governance of the liquidity risk mandate defined by the Board and the
production of ILAAPs. Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing liquidity risk within the set risk appetite.

Barclays
Group’s comprehensive control framework for managing Barclays Group’s liquidity risk is designed to deliver the appropriate term and structure of funding, consistent with the liquidity risk appetite set by the Board.


The control framework incorporates a range of ongoing business management tools to monitor, limit and stress test Barclays Group’s balance
sheet and contingent liabilities and the Recovery Plan. Limit setting and transfer pricing are tools that are designed to control the level of liquidity risk taken and drive the appropriate mix of funds. Together, these tools reduce the likelihood
that a liquidity stress event could lead to an inability to meet Barclays Group’s obligations as they fall due. The control framework is subject to internal conformance testing and internal audit review.


The Board approves the Barclays Group funding plan, internal stress tests and results of regulatory stress tests, and the Barclays Group recovery
plan. The Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing liquidity risk in line with Barclays Group’s funding management objectives, funding plan and risk frameworks. The Treasury and Capital Risk Committee monitors and reviews
the liquidity risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of liquidity risk. The BRC reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the Barclays Group
funding plan/forecast in order to agree Barclays Group’s projected funding abilities.


Organisation and structure


94 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Group maintains a range of management actions for use in a liquidity stress, these are
documented in the Barclays Group Recovery Plan. Since the precise nature of any stress event cannot be known in advance, the actions are designed to be flexible to the nature and severity of the stress event and provide a menu of options that can be
drawn upon as required. The Barclays Group Recovery Plan also contains more severe recovery options to generate additional liquidity in order to facilitate recovery in a severe stress. Any stress event would be regularly monitored and reviewed using
key management information by Treasury, Risk and business representatives.

Capital risk management


(audited)

Overview


Capital risk is managed through ongoing monitoring and management of the capital position, regular stress testing and a robust
capital governance framework.

Roles and responsibilities


The management of capital risk is integral to Barclays Group’s approach to financial stability and sustainability management, and is embedded
in the way businesses and legal entities operate.

Capital risk management is underpinned by a control framework and policy. The capital
management strategy, outlined in Barclays Group and legal entity capital plans, is developed in alignment with the control framework and policy for capital risk, and is implemented consistently in order to deliver on Barclays Group’s
objectives.

The Board approves the Barclays Group capital plan, internal stress tests and results of regulatory stress tests, and the
Barclays Group recovery plan. The Barclays Group Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing capital risk in line with Barclays Group’s capital management objectives,


capital plan and risk frameworks. The Barclays Group Treasury and Capital Risk Committee monitors and
reviews the capital risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of capital risk. The Barclays PLC BRC reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the
Barclays Group capital plan/forecast in order to agree Barclays Group’s projected capital adequacy.

Local management assures
compliance with an entity’s minimum regulatory capital requirements by reporting to local Asset and Liability Committees with oversight by Barclays Group Treasury Committee, as required.


Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing and monitoring capital and reports to the Barclays Group Finance Director. The Barclays Group
Treasury and Capital Risk function provides oversight of capital risk and is an independent risk function that reports to the Barclays Group CRO. Production of the Barclays PLC ICAAP is the joint responsibility of Barclays Group Risk and Barclays
Group Finance.

In 2018, Barclays complied with all regulatory minimum capital requirements.


Pension risk

Barclays Group
maintains a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. The ability of the pension fund to meet pension payments is maintained through investments and contributions.


Pension risk arises because the estimated market value of the pension fund assets might decline; investment returns might reduce; or the estimated
value of the pension liabilities might increase. Barclays Group monitors the pension risks arising from its defined benefit pension schemes and works with Trustees to address shortfalls. In these circumstances Barclays Group could be required or
might choose to make extra contributions to the pension fund. Barclays Group’s main defined benefit scheme was closed to new entrants in 2012.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 95


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Treasury and capital risk management


Interest rate risk in the banking book management


Overview

Banking book
operations generate
non-traded
 market risk, primarily through the mismatch between the duration of assets and liabilities and where interest rates on products reset at different dates. As per Barclays
Group’s policy to remain within the defined risk appetite, interest rate and FX risks residing in the banking books of the businesses are transferred to Treasury where they are centrally managed. Currently these risks are transferred to
Treasury via funding arrangements and interest rate or FX swaps. However, the businesses remain susceptible to
non-traded
 market risk from seven key sources:


◾   Repricing/residual risk: the impact from the mismatch between the run-off of product balances and the associated interest rate hedges or from un-hedged liquidity buffer investments.


◾   Structural risk: the change to the net interest income on rolling structural hedge replenishment due to adverse movements in interest rates, assuming that the balance sheet remains constant.


◾   Prepayment risk: the potential loss in value if actual prepayment or early withdrawal behaviour from customers deviates from the expected or contractually agreed behaviour, which may result
in a hedge or funding adjustment at a cost to Barclays Group. Exposures are typically considered (where appropriate) net of any applicable offsetting early repayment charges. This risk principally relates to early repayment of fixed rate loans or
withdrawal from fixed rate savings products.


◾   Recruitment risk: the potential loss in value if the actual completion or drawdown behaviour from customers deviates from the expected behaviour, which may result in a hedge or funding
adjustment at a cost to Barclays Group. This risk principally relates to the completion timing around Barclays Group’s fixed rate mortgage pipeline process.


◾   Margin compression risk: the effect of internal or market forces on the Barclays Group’s net margin where, for example, in a low rate environment a fall in interest rates may further
decrease interest income earned on the assets whereas funding costs may not be reduced given the already minimum level of interest rates.


◾   Lag risk: arises from the delay in repricing customer rates for certain variable/managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by
either regulatory constraints around customer notification on pricing changes, processing time for Barclays Group’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


◾   Asset swap spread risk: the spread between Libor and sovereign bond yields that arises from the management of the liquidity buffer investments and its associated hedges.

Furthermore, liquidity pool investments are generally subject to fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
accounting rules, whereby changes in the fair value of these assets impact capital via other comprehensive income (OCI).


Roles and responsibilities


The
non-traded
 market risk team provides risk management oversight and monitoring of all traded and
non-traded
 market risk in Treasury and Customer Banking Books, which specifically includes:


◾   Interest rate risk assessment in the customer banking books.


◾   Review and challenge the behavioural assumptions used in hedging and transfer pricing.


◾   Risk management of the liquidity buffer investments and funding activities.


◾   Oversight of balance sheet hedging.


◾   Review of residual risk in the hedge accounting solution and hedging of net investments.


◾   Proposal and monitoring of risk limits to manage traded and non-traded market risk within the agreed risk appetite.


The Barclays Group Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing IRRBB risk in line with Barclays Group’s management objectives
and risk frameworks. The Barclays Group Risk Committee monitors and reviews the IRRBB risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of IRRBB risk. The Barclays Group Board Risk Committee reviews the interest
rate risk profile, including annual review of the risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the interest rate risk of the Barclays Group.


96 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Operational risk management


Operational risk


The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes, systems, human factors or due to external
events (for example, fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.


Overview


The management of operational risk has three key objectives:


◾   deliver an operational risk capability owned and used by business leaders which is pragmatic, relevant, and enables business leaders to make sound risk decisions over the long term


◾   provide the frameworks and policies to enable management to meet their risk management responsibilities while the second line of defence provides robust, independent, and effective oversight and
challenge


◾   deliver a consistent and aggregated measurement of operational risk that will provide clear and relevant insights, so that the right management actions can be taken to keep the operational risk
profile consistent with Barclays Group’s strategy, the stated risk tolerance and stakeholder needs.

Following
submission of an application to the PRA relating to Barclays Group Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) permission, Barclays Group received the PRA’s approval to use the Standardised Approach (TSA) for


operational risk regulatory capital purposes with effect from 1 April 2018. Barclays Group has conservatively elected to retain its previous operational risk RWA amount unchanged for 2018.


Barclays Group operates within a strong system of internal controls that enables business to be transacted and risk taken without
exposing Barclays Group to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damages. Barclays Group has an overarching Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) that sets out the approach to internal governance.


Organisation and structure


Operational risk comprises a number of specific risk categories defined as follow:


◾   data management and information risk: the risk that Barclays Group information is not captured, retained, used or protected in accordance with its value and legal and
regulatory requirements


◾   financial reporting risk: the risk of a material misstatement or omission within Barclays Group’s external financial reporting, regulatory reporting or internal financial management
reporting


◾   fraud risk: the risk of financial loss when an internal or external party acts dishonestly with the intent to obtain an undue benefit, cause a loss to, or to expose either Barclays Group or
its customers and clients to a risk of loss


◾   payments process risk: the risk of payments being processed inaccurately, with delays or without appropriate authentication and authorisation. It includes payments processes from initiation
through to external settlement, including any repairs or amendments


◾   people risk: the set of risks associated with employing and managing people, including compliance with regulations, appropriate resourcing for requirements, recruitment and development risks
(excluding health and safety related risk)


◾   premises risk: the risk of business detriment or harm to people due to premises and infrastructure issues


◾   physical security risk: the risk of business detriment, financial loss or harm to people as a result of any physical security incident impacting Barclays Group or a Barclays Group’s
employee – relating to harm to people, unauthorised access, intentional damage to premises or theft or intentional damage to moveable assets


◾   supplier risk: the risk that is introduced to Barclays Group or a Barclays Group’s entity as a consequence of obtaining services or goods from another legal entity, or entities, whether
external or internal as a result of inadequate selection, inadequate management or inadequate exit management


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 97


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Operational risk management


◾   tax risk: the risk of unexpected tax cost in relation to any tax for which Barclays Group is liable, or of reputational damage on tax matters with key stakeholders such as tax authorities,
regulators, shareholders or the public. Tax cost includes tax, interest or penalties levied by a taxing authority


◾   technology risk: the risk of dependency on technological solutions and failure to develop, deploy and maintain technology solutions that are stable, reliable and deliver business need


◾   transaction operations risk: the risk of customer/client or Barclays Group detriment due to unintentional error and/or failure in the end-to-end process of initiation, processing and fulfilment of an interaction between a customer/client and Barclays Group with an underlying financial instrument (e.g. mortgage, derivative product, trade
product etc.) in consideration.

In addition to the above, operational risk encompasses risks associated with prudential
regulation. This includes the risk of failing to: adhere to prudential regulatory requirements, including capital adequacy requirements; provide regulatory submissions; or monitor and manage adherence to new prudential regulatory requirements.


These risks may result in financial and/or
non-financial
 impacts including legal/ regulatory
breaches or reputational damage.

Barclays Group also recognises that there are certain threats/risk drivers that are more thematic and
have the potential to impact Barclays Group’s strategic objectives. These are Enterprise Risk Themes which require an overarching and integrated risk management approach. Including:


◾   cyber: the potential loss or detriment to Barclays caused by individuals or groups (threat actors) with the capabilities and intention to cause harm or to profit from attacks committed via
network information systems against us, our suppliers, or customers/clients


◾   data: aligned to the data strategy of Barclays Group and encompassing data risks to Barclays Group from multiple risk categories, including data management, data architecture, data
security & protection, data resilience, data retention and data privacy


◾   execution: the risk of failing to deliver and implement the agreed initiatives, priorities and business outcomes required to deliver Barclays Group’s strategy within agreed timelines


◾   resilience: the risk of the organisation’s ability to survive and prosper in its commercial endeavours in the presence of adverse events, shocks and chronic or incremental changes.


Roles and responsibilities


The prime responsibility for the management of operational risk and the compliance with control requirements rests with the legal entities, business
and functional units where the risk arises. The operational risk profile and control environment is reviewed by business management through specific meetings which cover these items. Legal entities, businesses and functions are required to report
their operational risks on both a regular and an event-driven basis. The reports include a profile of the material risks that may threaten the achievement of their objectives and the effectiveness of key controls, operational risk events and a
review of scenarios.

The Barclays Group Head of Operational Risk is responsible for establishing, owning and maintaining an appropriate
Barclays Group-wide Operational Risk Management Framework and for overseeing the portfolio of operational risk across Barclays Group.


Operational Risk Management (ORM) acts in a Second Line of Defence capacity, and is responsible for defining and overseeing the implementation of
the framework and monitoring Barclays Group’s operational risk profile. ORM alerts management when risk levels exceed acceptable tolerance in order to drive timely decision making and actions by the first line of defence. Operational risk
issues escalated from these meetings are considered through the Second Line of Defence review meetings. Depending on their nature, the outputs of these meetings are presented to the operational risk profile Forum, the Barclays PLC Board Risk
Committee or the Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee.

Specific reports are prepared by Operational Risk on a regular basis for the
Barclays Group Risk Committee, and the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee.


98 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Model risk management


Model
risk The risk of the potential adverse
consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports.


Overview


Barclays Group uses models to support a broad range of activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting
risk, valuing exposures, conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, managing client assets, and meeting reporting requirements.

Since models are imperfect and incomplete representations of reality, they may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their output. Model errors can result in inappropriate business decisions being made, financial loss,
regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting. Models may also be misused, for instance applied to products that they were not intended for, or not adjusted, where fundamental changes to their environment would justify
re-evaluating
 their core assumptions. Errors and misuse are the primary sources of model risk.

Robust
model risk management is crucial to assessing and managing model risk within a defined risk appetite. Strong model risk culture, appropriate technology environment, and adequate focus on understanding and resolving model limitations are crucial
components.

Organisation and structure


Barclays Group allocates substantial resources to identify and record models and their usage, document and monitor the performance of models,
validate models and adequately address model limitations. Barclays Group manages model risk as an enterprise level risk similar to other principal risks.


Barclays Group has a dedicated Model Risk Management (MRM) function that consists of two main units:
the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), responsible for model validation and approval, and Model Governance and Controls (MGC), covering model risk governance, controls and reporting, including ownership of model risk policy and the model inventory.


The model risk management framework consists of the model risk policy and standards. The policy prescribes group-wide,
end-to-end
 requirements for the identification, measurement and management of model risk, covering model documentation, development, implementation, monitoring, annual review,
independent validation and approval, change and reporting processes. The policy is supported by global standards covering model inventory, documentation, validation, complexity and materiality, testing and monitoring, overlays, risk appetite, as
well as vendor models and stress testing challenger models.

Barclays Group is continuously enhancing model risk management. The function
reports to the Barclays Group CRO and operates a global framework. Implementation of best practice standards is a central objective of Barclays Group. Model risk reporting flows to senior management as depicted below.


Roles and responsibilities


The key model risk management activities include;


◾   Correctly identifying models across all relevant areas of Barclays Group, and


recording models in the Barclays Group Models Database (GMD), the Barclays Group-wide model inventory. The heads of the relevant model ownership areas annually attest to the completeness and
accuracy of the model inventory. MGC undertakes regular conformance reviews on the model inventory.


◾   Enforcing that every model has a model owner who is accountable for the model. The model owner must sign off models prior to submission to IVU for validation. The model owner works with the
relevant technical teams (model developers, implementation, monitoring, data services, regulatory) to maintain that the model presented to IVU is and remains fit for purpose.


◾   Overseeing that every model is subject to validation and approval by IVU, prior to being implemented and on a continual basis. While all models are reviewed and re-approved for continued use each year, the validation frequency and the level of review and challenge applied by IVU is tailored to the materiality and complexity of each model. Validation includes a review
of the model assumptions, conceptual soundness, data, design, performance testing, compliance with external requirements if applicable, as well as any limitations, proposed remediation and overlays with supporting rationale. Material model changes
are subject to prioritised validation and approval.


◾   Defining model risk appetite in terms of risk tolerance, and qualitative metrics which are used to track and report model risk.


◾   Maintaining specific standards that cover model risk management activities relating to stress testing challenger models, model overlays, vendor models, and model complexity and materiality.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 99


Risk review


Principal Risk management


Conduct risk management


Conduct risk


The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or Barclays from the
inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct


Overview


Barclays Group defines, manages and mitigates Conduct risk with the goal of providing positive customer and client outcomes, protecting market
integrity and promoting effective competition. This includes taking reasonable steps to assure that Barclays Group’s culture and strategy are appropriately aligned to these goals; its products and services are reasonably designed and delivered
to meet the needs of customers and clients; promoting the fair and orderly operation of the markets in which Barclays Group does business; and that Barclays Group does not commit or facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and
corruption or breaches of economic sanctions.

Product Lifecycle, Culture and Strategy and Financial Crime are the risk categories within
the Barclays Group definition of conduct risk.


Organisation and structure


The governance of conduct risk within Barclays Group is fulfilled through management committees and forums operated by the First and Second Lines of
Defence with clear escalation and reporting lines to the Board.

The Barclays Group Risk Committee is the most senior executive body
responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays Group’s management of conduct risk.

Roles and
responsibilities

The Conduct Risk Management Framework (CRMF) outlines how Barclays Group manages and measures its conduct risk
profile.

Senior managers have accountability for managing conduct risk in their areas of responsibility. This is expressed in their
Statements of Responsibilities. The primary responsibility for managing conduct risk and compliance with control requirements sits with the business where the risk arises. The First Line Business Control Committees provide oversight of controls
relating to conduct risk.


The Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for owning and maintaining an appropriate
Barclays Group-wide CRMF. This includes defining and owning the relevant conduct risk policies and oversight of the implementation of controls to manage and escalate the risk.


Businesses are required to report their conduct risks on both a quarterly and an event-driven basis to their respective trading entity risk
committees. The quarterly reports detail conduct risks inherent within the business strategy and include forward looking horizon scanning analysis as well as backward looking evidence-based indicators from both internal and external sources.


The Barclays Bank Group and the Barclays Bank UK Group Trading Entity Risk Committees are the primary Second Line governance forums for
oversight of conduct risk profile and implementation of the CRMF. The responsibilities of the Business Unit Risk Committees include approval of the conduct risk tolerance and the business defined key indicators. Additional responsibilities include
the identification and discussion of any emerging conduct risks exposures which have been identified.


Organisation and structure


100 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Reputation risk management


Reputation risk


The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by clients,
counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public


Overview


A reduction of trust in Barclays Group’s integrity and competence may reduce the attractiveness of Barclays Group to stakeholders and could
lead to negative publicity, loss of revenue, regulatory or legislative action, loss of existing and potential client business, reduced workforce morale and difficulties in recruiting talent. Ultimately it may destroy shareholder value.


Organisation and structure


The Barclays Group Risk Committee is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays
Group’s management of reputation risk.


Roles and responsibilities


The Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer is accountable for developing a reputation risk framework, policies and standards, including limits
against which data is monitored, reported on and escalated, as required.

Reputation risk is by nature pervasive and can be difficult to
quantify, requiring more subjective judgement than many other risks. The Reputation Risk Framework sets out what is required to manage reputation risk effectively and consistently across Barclays Group. During 2018, the Framework was updated to
include a new reputation risk policy and supporting standards.

The primary responsibility for identifying and managing reputation risk
and adherence to the control requirements sits with the business and support functions where the risk arises.

Barclays Bank Group and
Barclays Bank UK Group are required to operate within established reputation risk appetite and their component businesses prepare reports for their respective Risk and Board Risk Committees highlighting their most significant current and potential
reputation risks and issues and how they are being managed. These reports are a key internal source of information for the quarterly reputation risk reports which are prepared for the Group Risk Committee and Barclays PLC Board Reputation Committee.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 101


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Legal risk management


Legal risk


The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including
regulatory or contractual requirements.


Overview


Overall, Barclays Group has limited tolerance for legal risk, however the multitude of laws and regulations across the globe are highly dynamic and
their application to particular circumstances is often unclear. This results in a degree of legal risk. The Barclays Group-wide Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF) comprises a number of integrated components that allows Barclays Group to
identify, manage and measure its legal risk profile, supported by legal risk policies and associated standards aligned to the following legal risks:


◾   contractual arrangements – failure to engage Barclays Group Legal Function in relation to contractual arrangements


◾   litigation management – litigation not being managed by or with the support of Barclays Group Legal Function


◾   intellectual property (IP) – failure to protect Barclays Group’s IP assets or infringement of third party IP rights


◾   competition/anti-trust – failure to identify and escalate competition/anti-trust issues to Barclays Group Legal Function or inappropriate interactions with competition/anti-trust
authorities


◾   use of law firms – inappropriate instruction of external legal advisors


◾   contact with regulators – inappropriate interactions with regulators or inappropriate handling of confidential supervisory information from regulatory or government


◾   agencies legal engagement – failure to appropriately engage Barclays Group Legal Function in relation to key business decisions.


Organisation and structure


The Legal Executive Committee oversees, monitors and challenges legal risk across Barclays Group. The Barclays Group Risk Committee is the most
senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of risk management across Barclays Group. Escalation paths from this committee exist to the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee.


Roles and responsibilities


The LRMF requires Barclays Group’s businesses and functions to integrate the management of legal risk within their strategic planning and
business decision making including managing adherence to minimum control requirements. Barclays Group’s businesses and functions are accountable and have primary responsibility for identifying legal risk in their area as well as responsibility
for adherence to minimum control requirements and compliance with the LRMF and legal risk policies.

All employees, regardless of their
position, business or function or location, must play a part in Barclays Group’s legal risk management. Employees are responsible for understanding and taking reasonable steps


to manage and minimise legal risk that may arise in the context of their individual roles and
responsibilities. Employees are required to be familiar with the LRMF and legal risk policies and to know how to escalate actual or potential legal risk issues.


Legal risk management is everyone’s responsibility, as part of a risk culture aligned to Barclays Group’s Values, promoting transparency
and timely escalation and management of risks and issues, supported by clearly defined roles and responsibilities across the three lines of defence.

The Legal Function does not sit in any of the three lines of defence but supports them all. The LRMF details the main activities the Legal Function undertakes to support Barclays Group in managing risk, including the identification
of issues and risks, coverage with appropriate expertise and escalation. The LRMF, legal risk policies and activities of the Legal Function are designed so that Barclays Group receives advice from appropriate legal professionals in circumstances
that are most likely to give rise to legal risk.

The Group General Counsel, supported by the Legal Executive Committee and the Global
Head of Legal Risk, Governance and Control, is responsible for maintaining an appropriate LRMF, developing
non-financial
 legal risk tolerances and for overseeing legal risk management.


Organisation and structure


102 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Summary of contents   Page
Credit
risk represents a significant risk and mainly arises from exposure to wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative contracts entered into with clients.   ◾ Credit risk overview and summary of performance   104
◾ Maximum exposure and effects of netting, collateral and risk transfer   104
This
section outlines the expected credit loss allowances, the movements in allowances during the period, material management adjustments to model output and measurement uncertainty and sensitivity analysis.   ◾ Expected Credit Losses   107
–  Loans and advances at amortised cost by stage   107
–  Loans and advances at amortised cost by product   109
–  Movement in gross exposure and impairment allowance including
provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantees   110
–  Stage 2 decomposition   111
◾ Management adjustments to models for impairment   112
◾ Measurement uncertainty and sensitivity
analysis   113
Barclays Group reviews and monitors risk concentrations in a variety of ways. This section outlines performance against key concentration
risks.   ◾ Analysis of the concentration of credit risk   118
– Geographic concentrations   118
– Industry concentrations   119
◾ Approach to management and representation of credit quality   120
– Asset credit quality   120
– Debt securities   121
– Balance sheet credit quality   121
– Credit exposures by internal PD grade   123
Credit
Risk monitors exposure performance across a range of significant portfolios.   ◾ Analysis of specific portfolios and asset types   123
– Secured home loans   123
– Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail
lending   124
Barclays Group
monitors exposures to assets where there is a heightened likelihood of default and assets where an actual default has occurred. From time to time, suspension of certain aspects of client credit agreements are agreed, generally during temporary
periods of financial difficulties where Barclays Group is confident that the client will be able to remedy the suspension. This section outlines the current exposure to assets with this treatment.   ◾ Forbearance – Retail forbearance programmes – Wholesale forbearance programmes   125 126 127
This
section provides an analysis of credit risk on debt securities and derivatives.   ◾ Analysis of
debt securities   128
◾ Analysis of derivatives   129


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 103


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Credit risk
The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients,
customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables. All disclosures in this section (pages 103 to 129) are unaudited unless
otherwise stated. Key metrics
Reduction in impairment allowances of
£481m Impairment allowances on loans and advances at amortised cost, including off-balance sheet elements of the allowance, decreased by £481m to £7,041m (1 January 2018: £7,522m)
since the adoption of IFRS 9.


Overview


Credit risk represents a significant risk to Barclays Group and mainly arises from exposure to wholesale and retail loans and advances together with
the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative contracts entered into with clients.

IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
 is
effective from 1 January 2018, introducing an expected credit loss model using forward looking information which replaces an incurred loss model. As a result of the implementation of IFRS 9, the risk appetite and risk management strategy has
not changed. The presentation of credit risk within this risk performance section provides additional disclosures under the new standard. Further detail can be found in the Financial statements section in Note 1 Significant accounting policies, Note
7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions and Note 42 Transition disclosures. Descriptions of terminology can be found in the glossary, available at
home.barclays/annualreport.


Summary of performance in the period

Credit impairment charges decreased 37% to £1,468m primarily driven by single name recoveries, updates to consensus-based macroeconomic forecasts in the UK and US during the year, the

non-recurrence
 of single name charges in 2017, portfolio adjustments as IFRS 9 has continued to embed and the impact of repositioning the US cards portfolio towards a lower risk mix. This decrease was
partially offset by a £150m specific charge for the impact of anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK. The Barclays Group loan loss rate was 44bps (2017: 57bps).


Refer to the credit risk management section on pages 91 to 92 for details of governance, policies and procedures.


Maximum exposure and effects of netting, collateral and risk transfer


Basis of preparation

The
following tables present a reconciliation between the maximum exposure and the net exposure to credit risk, reflecting the financial effects of risk mitigation reducing the exposure.


For financial assets recognised on the balance sheet, maximum exposure to credit risk represents the balance sheet carrying value after allowance
for impairment. For
off-balance
 sheet guarantees, the maximum exposure is the maximum amount that the Barclays Group would have to pay if the guarantees were to be called upon. For loan and other credit
related commitments, the maximum exposure is the full amount of the committed facilities.


104 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


This and subsequent analyses of credit risk exclude other financial assets not subject to credit risk, mainly equity securities.


The Barclays Group mitigates the credit risk to which it is exposed through netting and
set-off,
 collateral
and risk transfer.

Overview

As at 31 December 2018, the Barclays Group’s net exposure to credit risk, after taking into account credit risk mitigation, increased 2% to £807.4bn. Overall, the extent to which the Barclays Group holds mitigation
against its total exposure remains unchanged at 43% (2017: 43%).

Of the unmitigated on balance sheet exposure, a significant portion
relates to cash held at central banks, cash collateral and settlement balances, and debt securities issued by governments all of which are considered to be lower risk. Increases in trading portfolio assets and financial assets at fair value through
the income statement have driven the increase in the Barclays Group’s net exposure to credit risk. Trading portfolio liability positions, which to a significant extent economically hedge trading portfolio assets but which are not held
specifically for risk management purposes, are excluded from the analysis. The credit quality of counterparties to derivatives, financial investments and wholesale loan assets are predominantly investment grade and there are no significant changes
from prior year. Further analysis on the credit quality of assets is presented on pages 120 to 123.

Where collateral has been obtained
in the event of default, the Barclays Group does not, ordinarily, use such assets for its own operations and they are usually sold on a timely basis. The carrying value of assets held by the Barclays Group as at 31 December 2018, as a result of
the enforcement of collateral, was £6m (2017: £nil).


Maximum exposure and effects of netting, collateral and risk transfer
(audited)
As at 31 December 2018   Maximum exposure £m   Netting and set-off £m   Cash collateral £m   Non-cash collateral £m   Risk transfer £m   Net exposure £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   –   –   –   –   177,069
Cash collateral and settlement balances   77,222   –   –   –   –   77,222
Loans and advances at amortised cost:
Home loans   150,284   –   (295   )   (149,679   )   (132   )   178
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   56,431   –   (725   )   (5,608   )   (451   )   49,647
Corporate loans   119,691   (7,550   )   (65   )   (41,042   )   (4,454   )   66,580
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   326,406   (7,550   )   (1,085   )   (196,329   )   (5,037   )   116,405
Of which credit-impaired (Stage 3):
Home loans   2,125   –   (3   )   (2,083   )   (31   )   8
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   1,249   –   (6   )   (232   )   (38   )   973
Corporate loans   1,762   –   –   (895   )   (17   )   850
Total credit-impaired loans and advances at amortised cost   5,136   –   (9   )   (3,210   )   (86   )   1,831
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,308   –   (17   )   (2,261   )   –   30
Trading portfolio assets:   –
Debt securities   57,283   –   –   (451   )   –   56,832
Traded loans   7,234   –   –   (154   )   –   7,080
Total trading portfolio assets   64,517   –   –   (605   )   –   63,912
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement:
Loans and advances   19,524   –   (11   )   (11,782   )   (89   )   7,642
Debt securities   4,522   –   –   (445   )   –   4,077
Reverse repurchase agreements   119,041   –   (2,996   )   (115,601   )   –   444
Other financial assets   542   –   –   –   –   542
Total financial assets at fair value through the income statement   143,629   –   (3,007   )   (127,828   )   (89   )   12,705
Derivative financial instruments   222,538   (172,001   )   (31,402   )   (5,502   )   (4,712   )   8,921
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   51,694   –   –   –   (399   )   51,295
Other assets   1,006   –   –   –   –   1,006
Total on-balance sheet   1,066,389   (179,551   )   (35,511   )   (332,525   )   (10,237   )   508,565
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   20,303   –   (399   )   (1,418   )   (190   )   18,296
Loan commitments   324,223   –   (124   )   (42,117   )   (1,395   )   280,587
Total off-balance sheet   344,526   –   (523   )   (43,535   )   (1,585   )   298,883
Total   1,410,915   (179,551   )   (36,034   )   (376,060   )   (11,822   )   807,448

Off-balance
 sheet exposures are shown gross of provisions of £271m
(2017: £79m). See Note 26 for further details.

In addition to the above, Barclays Group holds forward starting reverse repos with
notional contract amounts of £35.5bn (2017: £31.4bn). The balances are fully collateralised.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 105


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Maximum exposure and effects of netting, collateral and risk transfer (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   Maximum exposure £m   Netting and set-off £m   Cash collateral £m   Non-cash collateral £m   Risk transfer £m   Net exposure £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   –   –   –   –   171,082
Cash collateral and settlement balances   77,168   –   –   –   –   77,168
Loans and advances at amortised cost:
Home loans   147,002   –   (158   )   (146,554   )   –   290
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   55,767   –   (241   )   (3,995   )   (16   )   51,515
Corporate loans   121,279   (6,617   )   (230   )   (46,402   )   (4,378   )   63,652
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   324,048   (6,617   )   (629   )   (196,951   )   (4,394   )   115,457
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12,546   –   –   (12,226   )   –   320
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   51,200   –   –   –   –   51,200
Traded loans   3,140   –   –   (128   )   –   3,012
Total trading portfolio assets   54,340   –   –   (128   )   –   54,212
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement:
Loans and advances   11,037   –   (440   )   (5,497   )   (344   )   4,756
Debt securities   15   –   –   –   –   15
Reverse repurchase agreements   100,040   –   (426   )   (99,428   )   –   186
Other financial assets   519   –   –   –   –   519
Total financial assets at fair value through the income statement   111,611   –   (866   )   (104,925   )   (344   )   5,476
Derivative financial instruments   237,669   (184,265   )   (33,092   )   (6,170   )   (5,885   )   8,257
Financial investments – debt securities   57,128   –   –   (463   )   (853   )   55,812
Other assets   3,022   –   –   –   –   3,022
Total on-balance sheet   1,048,614   (190,882   )   (34,587   )   (320,863   )   (11,476   )   490,806
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   19,012   –   (318   )   (1,482   )   (228   )   16,984
Loan commitments   315,573   –   (73   )   (31,069   )   (1,757   )   282,674
Total off-balance sheet   334,585   –   (391   )   (32,551   )   (1,985   )   299,658
Total   1,383,199   (190,882   )   (34,978   )   (353,414   )   (13,461   )   790,464


106 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Expected Credit Losses


Loans and advances at amortised cost by stage

The table below presents an analysis of loans and advances at amortised cost by gross exposure, impairment allowance, coverage ratio and impairment charge by stage allocation and business segment as at 31 December 2018. Also
included are
off-balance
 sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts by gross exposure and impairment allowance and coverage ratio by stage allocation as at 31 December 2018. Barclays does
not hold any material purchased or originated credit impaired assets as at
year-end.


Loans and advances at amortised cost by stage
(audited)
Gross exposure   Impairment allowance
As at 31 December 2018   Stage
1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m   Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m   Net exposure £m
Barclays UK   134,911   25,279   3,040   163,230   183   1,389   1,152   2,724   160,506
Barclays International   26,714   4,634   1,830   33,178   352   965   1,315   2,632   30,546
Head Office   6,510   636   938   8,084   9   47   306   362   7,722
Total Barclays Group retail   168,135   30,549   5,808   204,492   544   2,401   2,773   5,718   198,774
Barclays UK   22,824   4,144   1,272   28,240   16   70   117   203   28,037
Barclays International   87,344   8,754   1,382   97,480   128   244   439   811   96,669
Head Office   2,923   –   41   2,964   –   –   38   38   2,926
Total Barclays Group wholesale   113,091   12,898   2,695   128,684   144   314   594   1,052   127,632
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   281,226   43,447   8,503   333,176   688   2,715   3,367   6,770   326,406
Off-balance sheet loan commitments and financial
guarantee contracts a   309,989   22,126   684   332,799   99   150   22   271   332,528
Total b   591,215   65,573   9,187   665,975   787   2,865   3,389   7,041   658,934
Loan impairment charge and loan loss rate
Loan impair- ment charge £m   Loan loss rate bps
Coverage ratio
As at 31 December 2018   Stage 1 %   Stage 2 %   Stage 3 %   Total %
Barclays UK   0.1   5.5   37.9   1.7   830   51
Barclays International   1.3   20.8   71.9   7.9   844   254
Head Office   0.1   7.4   32.6   4.5   15   19
Total Barclays Group retail   0.3   7.9   47.7   2.8   1,689   83
Barclays UK   0.1   1.7   9.2   0.7   74   26
Barclays International   0.1   2.8   31.8   0.8   (142   )   –
Head Office   –   –   92.7   1.3   (31   )   –
Total Barclays Group wholesale   0.1   2.4   22.0   0.8   (99   )   –
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   0.2   6.2   39.6   2.0   1,590   48
Off-balance sheet loan commitments
and financial guarantee contracts a   –   0.7   3.2   0.1   (125   )
Other financial assets subject to impairment   3
Total   0.1   4.4   36.9   1.1   1,468

Notes


a   Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £11.7bn carried at fair value.


b   Other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include cash
collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £129.9bn and impairment allowance of £12m (1 January 2018: £9m). This
comprises £10m ECL on £129.3bn Stage 1 assets and £2m on £0.6bn Stage 2 fair value through other comprehensive income assets.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 107


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Loans and advances at amortised cost by stage (audited)
Gross exposure   Impairment allowance   Net exposure £m
As at 1 January 2018   Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m   Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m
Barclays UK   129,837   25,798   3,152   158,787   142   1,310   1,142   2,594   156,193
Barclays International   22,427   7,051   1,466   30,944   292   1,298   1,080   2,670   28,274
Head Office   6,498   1,596   952   9,046   8   62   294   364   8,682
Total Barclays Group retail   158,762   34,445   5,570   198,777   442   2,670   2,516   5,628   193,149
Barclays UK   22,835   3,880   1,092   27,807   25   88   114   227   27,580
Barclays International   75,331   11,128   2,345   88,804   139   349   694   1,182   87,622
Head Office   8,689   139   74   8,902   2   5   58   65   8,837
Total Barclays Group wholesale   106,855   15,147   3,511   125,513   166   442   866   1,474   124,039
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   265,617   49,592   9,081   324,290   608   3,112   3,382   7,102   317,188
Off-balance sheet loan
commitments and financial guarantee contracts a   275,364   38,867   1,442   315,673   133   259   28   420   315,253
Total b   540,981   88,459   10,523   639,963   741   3,371   3,410   7,522   632,441
Coverage ratio
As at 1 January 2018   Stage 1 %   Stage 2 %   Stage 3 %   Total %
Barclays UK   0.1   5.1   36.2   1.6
Barclays International   1.3   18.4   73.7   8.6
Head Office   0.1   3.9   30.9   4.0
Total Barclays Group retail   0.3   7.8   45.2   2.8
Barclays UK   0.1   2.3   10.4   0.8
Barclays International   0.2   3.1   29.6   1.3
Head Office   –   3.6   78.4   0.7
Total Barclays Group wholesale   0.2   2.9   24.7   1.2
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   0.2   6.3   37.2   2.2
Off-balance sheet loan
commitments and financial guarantee contracts a   –   0.7   1.9   0.1
Total   0.1   3.8   32.4   1.2

Notes


a   Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £18.9bn carried at fair value.


b   Other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include cash
collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £128.1bn and impairment allowance of £9m.


108 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Loans and advances at amortised cost by product

The table below presents a breakdown of loans and advances at amortised cost and the impairment allowance with stage allocation by asset classification.


Loans and advances at amortised cost by product
(audited)
Stage 2
As at 31 December 2018 Gross exposure   Stage 1 £m   Not past due £m   <=30 days past due £m   >30 days past due £m   Total £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m
Home loans   130,066   15,672   1,672   862   18,206   2,476   150,748
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   45,785   11,262   530   437   12,229   3,760   61,774
Corporate loans   105,375   12,177   360   475   13,012   2,267   120,654
Total   281,226   39,111   2,562   1,774   43,447   8,503   333,176
Impairment allowance
Home loans   31   56   13   13   82   351   464
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   528   1,895   169   240   2,304   2,511   5,343
Corporate loans   129   300   16   13   329   505   963
Total   688   2,251   198   266   2,715   3,367   6,770
Net exposure
Home loans   130,035   15,616   1,659   849   18,124   2,125   150,284
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   45,257   9,367   361   197   9,925   1,249   56,431
Corporate loans   105,246   11,877   344   462   12,683   1,762   119,691
Total   280,538   36,860   2,364   1,508   40,732   5,136   326,406
Coverage ratio   %   %   %   %   %   %   %
Home loans   –   0.4   0.8   1.5   0.5   14.2   0.3
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   1.2   16.8   31.9   54.9   18.8   66.8   8.6
Corporate loans   0.1   2.5   4.4   2.7   2.5   22.3   0.8
Total   0.2   5.8   7.7   15.0   6.2   39.6   2.0
As at 1 January 2018 Gross exposure   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Home loans   125,224   17,108   1,612   604   19,324   2,425   146,973
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   40,482   13,562   702   502   14,766   3,544   58,792
Corporate loans   99,911   14,534   407   561   15,502   3,112   118,525
Total   265,617   45,204   2,721   1,667   49,592   9,081   324,290
Impairment allowance
Home loans   38   77   10   13   100   326   464
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   441   2,086   203   245   2,534   2,291   5,266
Corporate loans   129   444   22   12   478   765   1,372
Total   608   2,607   235   270   3,112   3,382   7,102
Net exposure
Home loans   125,186   17,031   1,602   591   19,224   2,099   146,509
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   40,041   11,476   499   257   12,232   1,253   53,526
Corporate loans   99,782   14,090   385   549   15,024   2,347   117,153
Total   265,009   42,597   2,486   1,397   46,480   5,699   317,188
Coverage ratio   %   %   %   %   %   %   %
Home loans   –   0.5   0.6   2.2   0.5   13.4   0.3
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   1.1   15.4   28.9   48.8   17.2   64.6   9.0
Corporate loans   0.1   3.1   5.4   2.1   3.1   24.6   1.2
Total   0.2   5.8   8.6   16.2   6.3   37.2   2.2

The overall coverage ratio reduced from 2.2% to 2.0% driven predominantly by the reduction of Stage 3 single name
exposures within Corporate loans.

The credit card, unsecured loans and other retail lending coverage ratio decreased to 8.6% from 9.0%
due to the increase in Stage 1 balances which carry lower levels of ECL, with the Stage 2 increase including an adjustment for the anticipated UK economic uncertainty.


There are relatively low coverage ratios for Stage 3 Home loans and Corporate loans reflecting the secured nature of these exposures.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 109


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Movement in gross exposures and impairment allowance including provisions for loan commitments and financial guarantees (audited)


The following tables present a reconciliation of the opening to the closing balance of the exposure and impairment allowance. An
explanation of the terms
12-month
 ECL, lifetime ECL and credit-impaired is included on page 223.


Gross exposure for loans and advances at amortised cost
(audited)
Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m
As at 1 January 2018   265,617   49,592   9,081   324,290
Net transfers between stages   1,385   (3,602   )   2,217   –
Business activity in the year   74,419   2,680   374   77,473
– of which: Barclays UK   29,467   1,493   326   31,286
– of which: Barclays International   42,346   1,164   44   43,554
Net drawdowns and repayments   (13,140   )   136   162   (12,842   )
– of which: Barclays UK   (10,269   )   (980   )   (322   )   (11,571   )
– of which: Barclays International   (1,305   )   1,348   561   604
Final repayments   (41,946   )   (5,359   )   (1,071   )   (48,376   )
– of which: Barclays UK   (11,728   )   (1,753   )   (478   )   (13,959   )
– of which: Barclays International   (29,421   )   (3,520   )   (549   )   (33,490   )
Disposals   (5,109   )   –   (369   )   (5,478   )
Write-offs   –   –   (1,891   )   (1,891   )
As at 31 December 2018 a   281,226   43,447   8,503   333,176
Impairment allowance on loans and advances at amortised cost
(audited)
Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage 3 £m   Total £m
As at 1 January 2018   608   3,112   3,382   7,102
Net transfers between stages   798   (1,182   )   384   –
Business activity in the year   223   173   95   491
Net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes   (865   )   638   1,918   1,691
UK economic uncertainty adjustment   –   150   –   150
Final repayments   (76   )   (176   )   (152   )   (404   )
Disposals   –   –   (369   )   (369   )
Write-offs   –   –   (1,891   )   (1,891   )
As at 31 December 2018 a   688   2,715   3,367   6,770
Reconciliation of ECL movement to impairment charge/(release) for the period
ECL movement excluding assets derecognised due to disposals and write-offs   1,928
Net recoveries post write-offs   (195   )
Exchange and other adjustments   (143   )
Impairment release on loan commitments and financial guarantees b   (125   )
Impairment charge on other financial assets a   3
Income statement charge/(release) for the period   1,468

Note


a   Other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include cash
collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets. These have a total gross exposure of £129.9bn (1 January 2018: £128.1bn) and impairment allowance of £12m (1
January 2018: £9m). This comprises £10m ECL on £129.3bn Stage 1 assets and £2m on £0.6bn Stage 2 fair value through other comprehensive income assets.


b   Impairment release of £125m on loan commitments and financial guarantees represents a
reduction in impairment allowance of £149m partially offset by exchange and other adjustments of £24m.


Gross exposure on loans and advances at amortised cost has increased by £8.9bn in 2018 driven by Stage 1 increases due to:


◾   Growth in Barclays UK Home Loans portfolio of £4.6bn


◾   Increased lending in Portfolio Management, Equity derivatives and Equity financing in Barclays
International of £6.6bn


◾   Balance sheet growth and currency exchange movements in US Cards of £2.5bn


◾   New securities for the BX liquidity asset buffer of £2.3bn and £1.0bn of Italian bonds in
Barclays International, offset by the disposal of a long dated liquidity buffer portfolio of UK gilts totalling £5.1bn, reduction in Corporate lending of £2.5bn and continued repayments on Italian Mortgages of £1.0bn.

Net transfers between stages represents the movements of positions from, for example, Stage 1 to Stage 2 following a
Significant Increase in Credit Risk (SICR) or to Stage 3 as positions move into default. Equally, improvement in credit quality will result in positions moving to lower stages. These are the primary driver for the changes in impairment allowance and
the income statement charge. The improvement in PDs and macroeconomic variables during 2018 resulted in net exposures moving from Stage 2 into Stage 1. The transfers into Stage 3 was from defaulted assets moving mainly from Stage 2.


Disposals includes the sale of a long dated liquidity buffer portfolio of UK gilts and debt sale activity. Write-offs represent the gross asset
write-down during the period.

The impairment allowance decreased by £332m in the period. This is due to a net reduction in
Barclays International predominantly from write-offs and a positive impact of macroeconomic variables changes during the year, offset by a £150m charge in UK Cards and UK Corporate loans from anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK. Credit
quality across wholesale portfolios and underlying arrears rates in the retail portfolio have been relatively stable over the period.


110 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Gross exposure for loan commitments and financial guarantees
(audited)
Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage
3 £m   Total £m
As at 1 January 2018   275,364   38,867   1,442   315,673
Net transfers between stages   13,521   (13,552   )   31   –
Business activity in the year   65,404   811   –   66,215
Net drawdowns and repayments   (14,491   )   4,298   (473   )   (10,666   )
Final repayments   (29,809   )   (8,298   )   (316   )   (38,423   )
As at 31 December 2018   309,989   22,126   684   332,799
Provision on loan commitments and financial guarantees
(audited)
Stage 1 £m   Stage 2 £m   Stage
3 £m   Total £m
As at 1 January 2018   133   259   28   420
Net transfers between stages   42   (43   )   1   –
Business activity in the year   18   –   –   18
Net remeasurement and movement due to exposure and risk parameter changes   (79   )   (22   )   44   (57   )
Final repayments   (15   )   (44   )   (51   )   (110   )
As at 31 December 2018   99   150   22   271
Stage 2
decomposition
Stage 2 decomposition a
As at 31 December 2018   Net exposure £m   Impairment allowance £m
Quantitative test   28,159   2,506
Qualitative test   12,023   183
30 dpd backstop   550   26
Total Stage 2   40,732   2,715

Note


a   Where balances satisfy more than one of the above three criteria for determining a significant
increase in credit risk, the corresponding net exposure and ECL has been assigned in order of categories presented.


Stage 2 exposures are predominantly identified using quantitative tests where the lifetime PD has deteriorated more than a
pre-determined
 amount since origination. This is augmented by inclusion of accounts meeting the designated high risk criteria (including watchlist) for the portfolio under the qualitative test. A small number of
other accounts (1% of impairment allowances and 1% of net exposure) are included in Stage 2. These accounts are not otherwise identified by the quantitative or qualitative tests but are more than 30 days past due. The percentage triggered by this
backstop criteria is a measure of the effectiveness of the Stage 2 criteria in identifying deterioration prior to delinquency.

For
further detail on the three criteria for determining a significant increase in credit risk required for Stage 2 classification, refer to Note 7 on page 223.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 111


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit risk


Management adjustments to models for impairment (audited)


Management adjustments to impairment models are applied in order to factor in certain conditions or changes in policy that are not fully
incorporated into the impairment models, or to reflect additional facts and circumstances at the period end. Management adjustments are reviewed and incorporated into future model development where applicable.


Adjustments in portfolios that have total management adjustments to impairment allowance of greater than £10m are presented by product below.
Information as at 31 December 2018 is prepared on an IFRS 9 basis and information as at 31 December 2017 is prepared on an IAS 39 basis.

During 2018, models have continued to develop and a number of adjustments that were required on IFRS 9 adoption have been incorporated in impairment modelling.


Management adjustments to models for impairment a (audited)
2018   2017
As at 31 December   Management adjustments to
impairment allowances, including forbearance £m   Proportion of total impairment allowances %   Management adjustments to
impairment allowances, including forbearance £m   Proportion of total impairment allowances %
Home loans   54   11.6   71   15.5
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   370   6.9   80   2.6
Corporate loans   (7   )   (0.7   )   138   12.1

Note


a   Positive values relate to an increase in impairment allowance.


Home loans:
 Due to the high quality nature of the UK Home Loans portfolio, ECL estimates are low in all but the most severe scenarios. An
adjustment is held to maintain an appropriate level of ECL.

Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending:
 Model related
adjustments to maintain adequacy of Loss Given Default estimates and retail staging criteria updates were applied during the year. This also includes a £100m ECL adjustment held in UK Cards for the anticipated impact of economic uncertainty in
the UK.

Corporate loans:
 Includes a £50m ECL adjustment held in Corporate Bank for the anticipated economic uncertainty in
the UK, offset by a release in the Investment Bank to reduce inappropriate ECL sensitivity to a macroeconomic variable.


112 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Measurement uncertainty and sensitivity analysis

The measurement of ECL involves increased complexity and judgement, including estimation of probabilities of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), a range of unbiased future economic scenarios, estimation of expected lives,
estimation of exposures at default (EAD) and assessing significant increases in credit risk. Impairment charges will tend to be more volatile than under IAS 39 and will be recognised earlier. Unsecured products with longer expected lives, such as
revolving credit cards, are the most impacted.

Barclays Group uses a five-scenario model to calculate ECL. An external consensus
forecast is assembled from key sources, including HM

Treasury, Bloomberg and the Urban Land Institute, which forms the baseline
scenario. In addition, two adverse scenarios (Downside 1 and

Downside 2) and two favourable scenarios (Upside 1 and Upside 2) are
derived, with associated probability weightings. The adverse scenarios are calibrated to a similar severity to internal stress tests, whilst also considering IFRS 9 specific sensitivities and
non-linearity.

Downside 2 is benchmarked to the Bank of England’s annual cyclical scenarios and to the most severe scenario from Moody’s inventory, but is not designed to be the same. The favourable scenarios are calibrated to be symmetric to the adverse
scenarios, subject to a ceiling calibrated to relevant recent favourable benchmark scenarios. The scenarios include six economic core variables, (GDP, unemployment and House Price Index (HPI) in both the UK and US markets), and expanded variables
using statistical models based on historical correlations. All five scenarios converge to a steady state after eight years.

Scenario
weights (audited)

The methodology for estimating probability weights for each of the scenarios involves a comparison of the
distribution of key historic UK and US macroeconomic variables against the forecast paths of the five scenarios. The methodology works such that the baseline (reflecting current consensus outlook) has the highest weight and the weights of adverse
and favourable scenarios depend on the deviation from the baseline; the further from the baseline, the smaller the weight. The probability weights of the scenarios as of 31 December 2018 are shown below. A single set of five scenarios is used
across all portfolios and all five weights are normalised to equate to 100%. The same scenarios and weights that are used in the estimation of expected credit losses are also used for Barclays internal planning purposes. The impacts across the
portfolios are different because of the sensitivities of each of the portfolios to specific macroeconomic variables, for example, mortgages are highly sensitive to house prices and base rates, credit cards and unsecured consumer loans are highly
sensitive to unemployment.

The table below shows the core macroeconomic variables for each scenario and the respective scenario weights.


Scenario probability weighting (audited)
As at 31 December 2018   Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
Scenario probability weighting   9   24   41   23   3
Macroeconomic variables (audited)
As at 31 December 2018   Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
UK GDP a   4.5   3.1   1.7   0.3   (4.1   )
UK unemployment b   3.4   3.9   4.3   5.7   8.8
UK HPI c   46.4   32.6   3.2   (0.5   )   (32.1   )
US GDP a   4.8   3.7   2.1   0.4   (3.3   )
US unemployment b   3.0   3.4   3.7   5.2   8.4
US HPI c   36.9   30.2   4.1   –   (17.4   )

Notes


a   Highest annual growth in Upside scenarios; 5-year average
in Baseline; lowest annual growth in Downside scenarios.


b   Lowest point in Upside scenarios; 5-year average in
Baseline; highest point in Downside scenarios.


c   5-year cumulative growth in Upside scenarios; 5-year average in Baseline; cumulative fall (peak-to-trough) in Downside scenarios.


Over the year, the macroeconomic baseline variables improved in the US economic outlook, notably HPI. The UK macroeconomic baseline variables
improved slightly overall.

ECL under 100% weighted scenarios for key principal portfolios (audited)


The table on the next page shows the ECL for key principal portfolios assuming scenarios have been 100% weighted. Gross exposures are allocated to a
stage based on the individual scenario rather than through a probability-weighted approach as is required for Barclays reported impairment allowances. As a result, it is not possible to back solve the weighted ECL from the individual scenarios as a
balance may be assigned to a different stage dependent on the scenario.

Material post-model adjustments have been excluded from the
below analysis so that the scenario specific results are comparable. Management adjustments of greater than £10m can be found on page 112.

The key principal portfolios included in the product split below account for circa 80% of total loans and advances at amortised cost and circa 80% of total impairment allowance (including

off-balance
 sheet loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts). Portfolios excluded are those where the risk resides outside of the UK or the US; certain less material portfolios; and exposures where
ECL estimation methods are based on benchmark approaches or assigned proxy coverage ratios.

Balances allocated to Stage 3 do not change
in any of the scenarios as the transition criteria relies only on observable evidence of default as at

31 December 2018 and not on
macroeconomic scenarios.

The Downside 2 scenario represents a severe global recession with substantial falls in both UK and US GDP.
Unemployment in both markets rises towards 9% and there are substantial falls in asset prices including housing.

Under the Downside 2
scenario, balances move between stages as the economic environment weakens. This can be seen in the movement of £19.0bn of gross exposure into Stage 2 between the Weighted and Downside 2 scenario. ECL increases in Stage 2 predominantly due to
unsecured portfolios as economic conditions deteriorate.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 113


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Scenarios
As at 31 December 2018   Weighted   Upside 2   Upside 1   Baseline   Downside 1   Downside 2
Stage 1 Gross Exposure (£m)
Home loans   115,573   116,814   116,402   115,924   114,858   109,305
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   30,494   32,104   31,082   30,536   29,846   24,884
Corporate loans   80,835   81,346   81,180   80,941   80,517   73,715
Stage 1 ECL (£m)
Home loans   1   –   –   –   1   9
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   355   304   343   351   365   388
Corporate loans   175   161   163   162   203   242
Stage 1 Coverage (%)
Home loans   –   –   –   –   –   –
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   1.2   0.9   1.1   1.1   1.2   1.6
Corporate loans   0.2   0.2   0.2   0.2   0.3   0.3
Stage 2 Gross Exposure (£m)
Home loans   17,455   16,214   16,627   17,105   18,170   23,724
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   10,943   9,334   10,355   10,902   11,591   16,553
Corporate loans   11,377   10,866   11,031   11,271   11,694   18,496
Stage 2 ECL (£m)
Home loans   7   1   1   3   7   172
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   2,013   1,569   1,779   1,969   2,331   4,366
Corporate loans   323   277   290   302   397   813
Stage 2 Coverage (%)
Home loans   –   –   –   –   –   0.7
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   18.4   16.8   17.2   18.1   20.1   26.4
Corporate loans   2.8   2.5   2.6   2.7   3.4   4.4
Stage 3 Gross Exposure (£m)
Home loans   1,104   1,104   1,104   1,104   1,104   1,104
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   2,999   2,999   2,999   2,999   2,999   2,999
Corporate loans a   1,165   n/a   n/a   1,165   n/a   n/a
Stage 3 ECL (£m)
Home loans   6   3   4   5   7   27
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   2,200   2,154   2,174   2,199   2,234   2,297
Corporate loans a   333   n/a   n/a   323   n/a   n/a
Stage 3 Coverage (%)
Home loans   0.5   0.3   0.4   0.5   0.7   2.4
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   73.4   71.8   72.5   73.3   74.5   76.6
Corporate loans a   28.6   n/a   n/a   27.7   n/a   n/a
Total ECL (£m)
Home loans   14   4   5   8   15   208
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   4,568   4,027   4,296   4,519   4,930   7,051
Corporate loans a   831   n/a   n/a   787   n/a   n/a


Note


a   Material corporate loan defaults are individually assessed across different recovery strategies
which are impacted by the macroeconomic variables. As a result, only the Baseline scenario is shown together with the weighted estimate which reflects alternative recovery paths.


For portfolios in scope, the total weighted ECL represents a 2% uplift from the Baseline ECL, largely driven by credit card losses which have more
linear loss profiles than home loans and corporate loan positions.

Home loans:
 Total ECL and coverage ratios remain steady across
the Upside scenarios, Baseline and Downside 1 scenario. However, total ECL increases significantly in the Downside 2 scenario to £208m, driven by a significant fall in HPI (32.1%) reflecting the

non-linearity
 of the portfolio. The average LTV of the home loans portfolio remains low and as such can withstand a Downside 1 scenario (0.5% fall in HPI) without a significant increase in ECL. Total weighted
ECL excludes a £54m model adjustment that is held to maintain appropriate level of ECL.

Credit cards, unsecured loans and other
retail lending:
 Total weighted ECL of £4,568m represents a 1% increase over the Baseline ECL (£4,519m) reflecting the range of economic scenarios used. Total ECL increases to £7,051m under Downside 2 scenario, mainly driven by
Stage 2, where coverage rates increase by 800bps to 26.4% from a weighted scenario approach (18.4%) and a £5,610m increase in gross exposure that meets the


SICR criteria and transition from Stage 1 to Stage 2. Total weighted ECL excludes model adjustments, including the £100m adjustment for the
anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK.

Corporate loans:
 Total weighted ECL of £831m represents a 6% increase over the
Baseline ECL (£787m) reflecting the range of economic scenarios used, with exposures in the Investment Bank particularly sensitive to Downside 2 scenario. Cases in Stage 3 are assessed on an individual basis and cases where the Baseline ECL is
greater than £10m are also assessed against a less favourable and a more favourable scenario, based on alternative recovery outcomes in addition to macroeconomic scenarios. Total weighted ECL excludes model adjustments, including the
£50m adjustment for the anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK.


114 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Staging sensitivity
(audited)

An increase of 1% (£3,332m) of total gross exposure into Stage 2 (from Stage 1), would result in an increase in ECL
impairment allowance of £200m based on applying the difference in Stage 2 and Stage 1 average impairment coverage ratios to the movement in gross exposure (refer to


Loans and advances at amortised cost by product on page 190).


ECL sensitivity analysis

The
tables on pages 116 and 117 show the estimated ECL impact on key principal portfolios in the event that the UK/US consensus was instead for i) positive growth (Upward scenario); and ii) a mild downturn (Downward scenario). These scenarios assume a
moderate upturn and downturn for the UK and the US respectively but with no contagion or headwinds in other economies.

The gross
exposures in scope are aligned to those presented in the ECL under 100% weighted scenarios sensitivity analysis but based on portfolio positions as at 30 September 2018 due to operational complexity in scenario regeneration. The portfolios
included in the scenario remained broadly stable during Q4 2018 and therefore the scenario results are considered representative of the year end position. Material post-model adjustments have been excluded from the below analysis to allow the
scenario specific results to be comparable. Further detail on management adjustments to impairment allowances can be found on page 112.


Gross exposures allocated to Stage 3 do not change in any of the scenarios as the transition criteria relies only on observable evidence of default
and not on macroeconomic scenarios. For individual cases with ECL greater than £10m, three scenarios are assessed taking into account the macroeconomic scenarios and alternative recovery strategies. For these specific cases, the less
favourable scenario is assumed to occur in the UK/ US Downward scenario (and the more favourable scenario is assumed to occur in the UK/US Upward scenario) which is a conservative upper estimate as certain recovery strategies are idiosyncratic in
nature and independent of the macroeconomic economy. Changes to coverage ratios are expressed against the exposures in scope of the sensitivity analysis and not the entire portfolio.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 115


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


ECL sensitivity analysis to UK economic forecasts for key principal portfolios


The table below shows the estimated ECL impact on key principal portfolios for both a positive growth (Upward scenario) and a downturn (Downward
scenario) of UK consensus macroeconomic variables. The inputs for the Downward scenario have been modelled by replacing the Baseline macroeconomic variables by the Downside 1 variables (with no changes to US and other

non-UK
 macroeconomic variables, as highlighted below). Similarly, the Upward scenario uses Upside 1 UK macroeconomic variables for the Baseline scenario. The Downside 2, Downside 1, Upside 1 and Upside 2
macroeconomic variables are held constant but the probability weights have been
re-calibrated.


Barclays impairment as at 31 December 2018 includes an adjustment of £150m representing a charge for the estimated impact of anticipated
economic uncertainty in the UK. This adjustment was estimated broadly on the output of the UK Downward scenario below.


Scenario probability weighting
Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
UK Upward scenario   18   33   36   11   2
UK Downward scenario   8   18   40   28   6
Macroeconomic variables
As at 31 December 2018   Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
UK Upward scenario
UK GDP   4.5   3.1   3.1   0.3   (4.1   )
UK unemployment   3.4   3.9   3.9   5.7   8.8
UK HPI   46.4   32.6   32.6   (0.5   )   (32.1   )
US GDP   4.8   3.7   2.1   0.4   (3.3   )
US unemployment   3.0   3.4   3.7   5.2   8.4
US HPI   36.9   30.2   4.1   –   (17.4   )
UK Downward scenario
UK GDP   4.5   3.1   0.3   0.3   (4.1   )
UK unemployment   3.4   3.9   5.7   5.7   8.8
UK HPI   46.4   32.6   (0.5   )   (0.5   )   (32.1   )
US GDP   4.8   3.7   2.1   0.4   (3.3   )
US unemployment   3.0   3.4   3.7   5.2   8.4
US HPI   36.9   30.2   4.1   –   (17.4   )
Sensitivity to UK economic forecasts
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
D UK Upward scenario   D UK Downward scenario   D UK Upward scenario   D UK Downward scenario   D UK Upward scenario   D UK Downward scenario   D UK Upward scenario   D UK Downward scenario
Gross Exposure (£m)
Home loans   506   (889   )   (506   )   889   –   –   –   –
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   294   (252   )   (294   )   252   –   –   –   –
Corporate loans   79   (13   )   (79   )   13   –   –   –   –
ECL (£m)
Home loans   –   –   (3   )   6   (1   )   2   (4   )   8
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   (4   )   4   (102   )   104   (15   )   15   (121   )   123
Corporate loans   1   7   (4   )   13   (46   )   28   (49   )   48

Home loans:
 Total ECL increases by £8m in the Downward scenario, driven by the increase in the
probability weight attributed to the Downside 2 scenario. This represents a greater likelihood of the UK economy entering into a severe downturn than under the current consensus.


Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending:
 Total ECL decreases by £121m in the Upward scenario driven by £294m of
balance migration as assets transition from Stage 2 to Stage 1 and lower coverage on Stage 2 assets driven by the more favourable consensus forecast. Total ECL increases by £123m in the Downward scenario, mainly driven by the UK cards
portfolio.

Corporate loans:
 Total ECL decreases by £49m in the Upward scenario predominately driven by more favourable
recovery outcomes for large single names in Stage 3. The Downward scenario results in total ECL impact of £48m, driven by higher coverage in Stage 2 and less favourable recovery outcomes for large single names in Stage 3.


116 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


ECL sensitivity analysis to US economic forecasts for key principal portfolios


The table below shows the estimated ECL impact on key principal portfolios for both a positive growth (Upward scenario) and a downturn (Downward
scenario) of US consensus macroeconomic variables. The inputs for the Downward scenario have been modelled by replacing the Baseline macroeconomic variables by the Downside 1 variables (with no changes to UK and other

non-US
 macroeconomic variables, as highlighted below). Similarly, the Upward scenario uses Upside 1 US macroeconomic variables for the Baseline scenario. The Downside 2, Downside 1, Upside 1 and Upside 2
macroeconomic variables are held constant but the probability weights have been
re-calibrated.


Scenario probability weighting
Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
US Upward scenario   18   33   36   11   2
US Downward scenario   5   14   40   34   7
Macroeconomic variables
As at 31 December 2018   Upside 2 %   Upside 1 %   Baseline %   Downside 1 %   Downside 2 %
US Upward scenario
UK GDP   4.5   3.1   1.7   0.3   (4.1   )
UK unemployment   3.4   3.9   4.3   5.7   8.8
UK HPI   46.4   32.6   3.2   (0.5   )   (32.1   )
US GDP   4.8   3.7   3.7   0.4   (3.3   )
US unemployment   3.0   3.4   3.4   5.2   8.4
US HPI   36.9   30.2   30.2   –   (17.4   )
US Downward scenario
UK GDP   4.5   3.1   1.7   0.3   (4.1   )
UK unemployment   3.4   3.9   4.3   5.7   8.8
UK HPI   46.4   32.6   3.2   (0.5   )   (32.1   )
US GDP   4.8   3.7   0.4   0.4   (3.3   )
US unemployment   3.0   3.4   5.2   5.2   8.4
US HPI   36.9   30.2   –   –   (17.4   )
Sensitivity to US economic forecasts
Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
D US Upward scenario   D US Downward scenario   D US Upward scenario   D US Downward scenario   D US Upward scenario   D US Downward scenario   D US Upward scenario   D US Downward scenario
Gross Exposure (£m)
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   214   (312   )   (214   )   312   –   –   –   –
Corporate loans   83   (46   )   (83   )   46   –   –   –   –
ECL (£m)
Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending   (4   )   6   (76   )   144   (6   )   7   (86   )   157
Corporate loans   (3   )   10   (15   )   34   (35   )   54   (53   )   98

Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending:
 Total ECL decreases by £86m in Upward scenario
driven by £214m of balance migration as assets transition from Stage 2 to Stage 1 and lower coverage on Stage 2 assets driven by the more favourable consensus forecast. Total ECL impact of £157m in Downward scenario, greater than the
Upward scenario, driven by
non-linearity
 effects and the relative severity of the Downward scenario.

Corporate loans:
 Total ECL increases by £98m in the Downward scenario driven by a less favourable recovery outcome for one large single name in Stage 3, where Barclays estimated additional losses of £39m in
addition to the loss estimated under the Baseline scenario, and higher coverage in Stage 2 assets driven by the less favourable consensus forecast. There is a greater impact on coverage ratios (Stage 2 in particular) than the UK scenarios driven
largely by the underlying portfolio quality, with the US portfolio possessing a higher proportion of unsecured leveraged lending.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 117


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Analysis of the concentration of credit risk

A concentration of credit risk exists when a number of counterparties are located in a common geographical region or are engaged in similar activities and have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet
contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. Barclays Group implements limits on concentrations in order to mitigate the risk. The analyses of credit risk concentrations presented below are based on
the location of the counterparty or customer or the industry in which they are engaged.

Geographic concentrations


As at 31 December 2018, the geographic concentration of Barclays Group’s assets remained broadly consistent with 2017. Exposure is
concentrated in the UK 41% (2017: 42%), in the Americas 34% (2017: 33%) and Europe 21% (2017: 21%).


Credit risk concentrations by geography (audited)
As at 31 December 2018   United Kingdom £m   Europe £m   Americas £m   Africa and Middle East £m   Asia £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   64,343   66,887   36,045   718   9,076   177,069
Cash collateral and settlement balances   27,418   22,316   22,184   376   4,928   77,222
Loans and advances at amortised cost   240,116   27,913   49,592   3,414   5,371   326,406
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   724   113   68   1,320   83   2,308
Trading portfolio assets   12,444   13,375   34,369   713   3,616   64,517
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   33,842   20,984   73,489   1,758   13,556   143,629
Derivative financial instruments   69,798   80,003   58,699   1,866   12,172   222,538
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   11,494   23,298   13,953   163   2,786   51,694
Other assets   780   125   100   1   –   1,006
Total on-balance sheet   460,959   255,014   288,499   10,329   51,588   1,066,389
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   5,910   3,572   8,996   536   1,289   20,303
Loan commitments   108,506   34,524   175,995   1,852   3,346   324,223
Total off-balance sheet   114,416   38,096   184,991   2,388   4,635   344,526
Total   575,375   293,110   473,490   12,717   56,223   1,410,915


Credit risk concentrations by geography (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   United Kingdom £m   Europe £m   Americas £m   Africa and Middle East £m   Asia £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   53,068   57,179   56,034   63   4,738   171,082
Cash collateral and settlement balances   23,852   24,311   23,440   870   4,695   77,168
Loans and advances at amortised cost   240,102   27,223   47,850   3,385   5,488   324,048
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   203   375   10,521   32   1,415   12,546
Trading portfolio assets   10,603   13,620   25,680   473   3,964   54,340
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   33,922   23,725   46,288   1,611   6,065   111,611
Derivative financial instruments   81,656   81,566   57,858   2,792   13,797   237,669
Financial investments – debt securities   17,470   23,598   14,110   114   1,836   57,128
Other assets   1,579   1,179   148   33   83   3,022
Total on-balance sheet   462,455   252,776   281,929   9,373   42,081   1,048,614
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   7,603   3,039   6,708   529   1,133   19,012
Loan commitments   105,912   36,084   168,003   1,608   3,966   315,573
Total off-balance sheet   113,515   39,123   174,711   2,137   5,099   334,585
Total   575,970   291,899   456,640   11,510   47,180   1,383,199


118 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Industry concentrations

The
concentration of Barclays Group’s assets by industry remained broadly consistent year on year. As at 31 December 2018, total assets concentrated in banks and other financial institutions was 36% (2017: 36%), predominantly within derivative
financial instruments. The proportion of the overall balance concentrated in governments and central banks was 20% (2017: 20%), cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending was 13% (2017: 13%) and in home loans remained stable at 11% (2017:
11%).


Credit risk concentrations by industry (audited)
As at 31 December 2018   Banks £m   Other financial insti- tutions £m   Manu- facturing £m   Con- struction and property £m   Govern- ment and central bank £m   Energy and water £m   Wholesale and retail distri- bution and leisure £m   Business and other services £m   Home loans £m   Cards, unsecured loans
and other personal lending £m   Other £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   –   –   –   –   177,069   –   –   –   –   –   –   177,069
Cash collateral and settlement balances   17,341   48,398   498   75   9,235   386   223   717   –   –   349   77,222
Loans and advances at amortised cost   9,478   18,653   8,775   23,565   12,764   5,515   11,609   19,716   150,284   55,298   10,749   326,406
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   1,368   865   –   37   38   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,308
Trading portfolio assets   3,500   9,550   3,825   897   34,968   4,202   1,202   3,481   –   –   2,892   64,517
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   30,374   96,378   –   8,914   5,331   32   13   2,178   405   –   4   143,629
Derivative financial instruments   123,769   80,376   2,390   1,993   5,987   2,791   486   2,004   –   –   2,742   222,538
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   12,135   2,250   –   200   36,973   –   –   136   –   –   –   51,694
Other assets   580   426   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,006
Total on-balance sheet   198,545   256,896   15,488   35,681   282,365   12,926   13,533   28,232   150,689   55,298   16,736   1,066,389
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   939   3,840   3,470   626   1,890   3,491   952   3,455   –   116   1,524   20,303
Loan commitments   1,267   42,890   39,978   14,362   1,629   26,519   14,566   22,142   8,900   126,640   25,330   324,223
Total off-balance sheet   2,206   46,730   43,448   14,988   3,519   30,010   15,518   25,597   8,900   126,756   26,854   344,526
Total   200,751   303,626   58,936   50,669   285,884   42,936   29,051   53,829   159,589   182,054   43,590   1,410,915


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 119


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Credit risk concentrations by industry (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   Banks £m   Other financial insti- tutions £m   Manu- facturing £m   Con- struction and property £m   Govern- ment
and central bank £m   Energy and water £m   Wholesale and retail distri- bution and leisure £m   Business and other services £m   Home loans £m   Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending £m   Other £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   –   –   –   –   171,082   –   –   –   –   –   –   171,082
Cash collateral and settlement balances   18,395   48,611   124   233   8,219   585   75   577   –   –   349   77,168
Loans and advances at amortised cost   9,386   26,312   9,125   23,473   9,097   5,519   12,375   19,906   147,002   54,205   7,648   324,048
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   7,241   4,844   –   153   307   –   –   1   –   –   –   12,546
Trading portfolio assets   4,682   10,672   3,311   807   26,030   3,900   598   3,324   128   –   888   54,340
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   21,468   78,506   38   4,666   4,812   2   3   2,083   28   –   5   111,611
Derivative financial instruments   126,248   87,272   2,383   2,103   5,811   8,179   576   2,972   –   –   2,125   237,669
Financial investments – debt securities   10,145   1,379   –   –   44,827   103   –   674   –   –   –   57,128
Other assets   2,300   701   –   –   21   –   –   –   –   –   –   3,022
Total on-balance sheet   199,865   258,297   14,981   31,435   270,206   18,288   13,627   29,537   147,158   54,205   11,015   1,048,614
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   1,572   3,556   3,236   675   8   2,605   969   4,947   4   389   1,051   19,012
Loan commitments   1,550   31,427   38,105   12,956   384   31,702   14,507   34,415   10,785   126,169   13,573   315,573
Total off-balance sheet   3,122   34,983   41,341   13,631   392   34,307   15,476   39,362   10,789   126,558   14,624   334,585
Total   202,987   293,280   56,322   45,066   270,598   52,595   29,103   68,899   157,947   180,763   25,639   1,383,199

The approach to management and representation of credit quality


Asset credit quality

The
credit quality distribution is based on the IFRS 9
12-month
 probability of default (PD) at the reporting date. Comparatives are based on the regulatory capital point in time probability of default (PD).


The following internal measures are used to determine credit quality for loans:


Default Grade   Retail and Wholesale lending Probability of default   Credit Quality Description
1-3   0.0 to <0.05%   Strong
4-5   0.05 to <0.15%
6-8   0.15 to <0.30%
9-11   0.30 to <0.60%
12-14   0.60 to <2.15%   Satisfactory
15-19   2.15 to <11.35%
20-21   11.35 to <100%   Higher Risk
22   100%   Credit Impaired

For retail clients, a range of analytical tools is used to derive the probability of default of clients at inception
and on an ongoing basis.

For loans that are not past due, these descriptions can be summarised as follows:


Strong:
there is a very high likelihood of the asset being recovered in full.


Satisfactory:
 while there is a high likelihood that the asset will be recovered and therefore, of no cause for concern to the Barclays Group,
the asset may not be collateralised, or may relate to unsecured retail facilities. At the lower end of this grade there are customers that are being more carefully monitored, for example, corporate customers which are indicating some evidence of
deterioration, mortgages with a high loan to value, and unsecured retail loans operating outside normal product guidelines.

Higher
risk:
 there is concern over the obligor’s ability to make payments when due. However, these have not yet converted to actual delinquency.

There may also be doubts over the value of collateral or security provided. However, the borrower or counterparty is continuing to make payments when due and is expected to settle all outstanding amounts of principal and interest.


Loans that are past due are monitored closely, with impairment allowances raised as appropriate and in line with the Barclays
Group’s impairment policies. These loans are all considered higher risk for the purpose of this analysis of credit quality.


120 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Debt securities

For assets
held at fair value, the carrying value on the balance sheet will include, among other things, the credit risk of the issuer. Most listed and some unlisted securities are rated by external rating agencies. The Barclays Group mainly uses external
credit ratings provided by Standard & Poor’s, Fitch or Moody’s. Where such ratings are not available or are not current, the Barclays Group will use its own internal ratings for the securities.


Balance sheet credit quality


The following tables present the credit quality of Barclays Group assets exposed to credit risk.


Overview

As at
31 December 2018, the ratio of the Barclays Group’s
on-balance
 sheet assets classified as strong (0.0 to <0.60%) remained stable at 86% (2017: 87%) of total assets exposed to credit risk.


Further analysis of debt securities by issuer and issuer type and netting and collateral arrangements on derivative financial
instruments is presented on pages 128 and 129 respectively.


Balance sheet credit quality (audited)
PD range   PD range
As at 31 December 2018   0.0 to <0.60% £m   0.60 to <11.35% £m   11.35 to 100% £m   Total £m   0.0 to <0.60% %   0.60 to <11.35% %   11.35 to 100% %   Total %
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   –   –   177,069   100   –   –   100
Cash collateral and settlement balances   70,455   6,763   4   77,222   91   9   –   100
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Home loans   137,449   9,701   3,134   150,284   92   6   2   100
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   21,786   31,664   2,981   56,431   39   56   5   100
Corporate loans   86,271   30,108   3,312   119,691   72   25   3   100
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   245,506   71,473   9,427   326,406   75   22   3   100
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured
lending   1,820   444   44   2,308   79   19   2   100
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   51,896   4,998   389   57,283   90   9   1   100
Traded loans   1,903   4,368   963   7,234   27   60   13   100
Total trading portfolio assets   53,799   9,366   1,352   64,517   83   15   2   100
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement:
Loans and advances   13,177   6,295   52   19,524   68   32   –   100
Debt securities   4,380   81   61   4,522   97   2   1   100
Reverse repurchase agreements   85,887   31,813   1,341   119,041   72   27   1   100
Other financial assets   524   18   –   542   97   3   –   100
Total financial assets at fair value through the income
statement   103,968   38,207   1,454   143,629   72   27   1   100
Derivative financial instruments   211,695   10,791   52   222,538   95   5   –   100
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income   51,546   148   –   51,694   100   –   –   100
Other assets   723   283   –   1,006   72   28   –   100
Total on-balance sheet   916,581   137,475   12,333   1,066,389   86   13   1   100


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 121


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Balance sheet credit quality (audited)
PD range   PD range
As at 31 December 2017   0.0 to <0.60% £m   0.60 to <11.35% £m   11.35 to 100% £m   Total £m   0.0 to <0.60% %   0.60 to <11.35% %   11.35 to 100% %   Total %
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   –   –   171,082   100   –   –   100
Cash collateral and settlement balances   72,277   4,619   272   77,168   94   6   100
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Home loans   135,576   5,781   5,645   147,002   92   4   4   100
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending a   13,195   34,897   7,675   55,767   24   63   13   100
Corporate loans   75,819   33,093   12,367   121,279   63   27   10   100
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   224,590   73,771   25,687   324,048   69   23   8   100
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured
lending   11,430   1,101   15   12,546   91   9   –   100
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   48,489   2,085   626   51,200   95   4   1   100
Traded loans   1,432   1,189   519   3,140   45   38   17   100
Total trading portfolio assets   49,921   3,274   1,145   54,340   92   6   2   100
Financial assets designated at fair value:
Loans and advances   9,457   817   763   11,037   86   7   7   100
Debt securities   –   15   –   15   –   100   –   100
Reverse repurchase agreements   82,263   17,692   85   100,040   82   18   –   100
Other financial assets   482   37   –   519   93   7   –   100
Total financial assets designated at fair
value   92,202   18,561   848   111,611   82   17   1   100
Derivative financial instruments   229,262   7,863   544   237,669   96   4   –   100
Financial investments – debt securities   57,106   18   4   57,128   100   –   –   100
Other assets   2,570   411   41   3,022   85   14   1   100
Total on-balance sheet   910,440   109,618   28,556   1,048,614   87   10   3   100

Note


a   2017 figures have been restated to more accurately reflect the credit quality distribution within
credit cards, unsecured and retail lending.


122 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Credit exposures by internal PD grade
Credit risk profile by internal PD grade for loans and advances at amortised cost
(audited)
Gross carrying amount   Allowance for ECL   Net exposure £m   ECL coverage %
PD range   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
Credit quality description   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Strong   0.0 to <0.60%   232,163   13,556   –   245,719   146   67   –   213   245,506   0.1
Satisfactory   0.60 to <11.35%   48,730   24,768   –   73,498   508   1,517   –   2,025   71,473   2.8
Higher Risk   11.35 to <100%   333   5,123   –   5,456   34   1,131   –   1,165   4,291   21.4
Credit Impaired   100%   –   –   8,503   8,503   –   –   3,367   3,367   5,136   39.6
Total   281,226   43,447   8,503   333,176   688   2,715   3,367   6,770   326,406   2.0
Credit risk profile by internal PD grade for contingent liabilities (audited) a
Gross carrying amount   Allowance for ECL   Net exposure £m   ECL coverage %
PD range   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
Credit quality description   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Strong   0.0 to <0.60%   15,000   443   –   15,443   6   3   –   9   15,434   0.1
Satisfactory   0.60 to <11.35%   3,541   964   –   4,505   10   14   –   24   4,481   0.5
Higher Risk   11.35 to <100%   49   228   –   277   –   10   –   10   267   3.6
Credit Impaired   100%   –   –   74   74   –   –   2   2   72   2.7
Total   18,590   1,635   74   20,299   16   27   2   45   20,254   0.2
Credit risk profile by internal PD grade for loan commitments (audited) a
Gross carrying amount   Allowance for ECL   Net exposure £m   ECL coverage %
PD range   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total   Stage 1   Stage 2   Stage 3   Total
Credit quality description   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Strong   0.0 to <0.60%   206,511   5,440   –   211,951   21   5   –   26   211,925   –
Satisfactory   0.60 to <11.35%   84,141   11,806   –   95,947   59   80   –   139   95,808   0.1
Higher Risk   11.35 to <100%   747   3,245   –   3,992   3   38   –   41   3,951   1.0
Credit Impaired   100%   –   –   610   610   –   –   20   20   590   3.3
Total   291,399   20,491   610   312,500   83   123   20   226   312,274   0.1

Note

a Excludes loan commitments and financial guarantees of £11.7bn carried at fair value.

Stage 1 higher risk
assets, presented gross of associated collateral held, are of weaker credit quality but have not significantly deteriorated since origination. Examples would include leveraged corporate loans or
non-prime

credit cards.

IFRS 9 Stage 1 and Stage 2 classification is not dependent solely on the absolute probability of default but on elements
that determine a Significant Increase in Credit Risk (see Note 7 on page 223), including relative movement in probability of default since initial recognition. There is therefore no direct relationship between credit quality and IFRS 9 stage
classification.

Analysis of specific portfolios and asset types


This section provides an analysis of principal portfolios and businesses, in particular, home loans, credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail
lending.

Secured home loans

The UK home loans portfolio comprises first lien home loans and accounts for 91% (2017: 90%) of Barclays Group’s total home loan balances.


Home loans principal portfolios
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2018   2017
Gross loans and advances (£m)   136,517   132,132
30-day arrears rate, excluding recovery book (%)   0.4   0.4
90-day arrears rate, excluding recovery book (%)   0.1   0.1
Annualised gross charge-off rates – 180 days past due (%)   0.3   0.2
Recovery book proportion of outstanding balances (%)   0.2   0.3
Recovery book impairment coverage ratio (%)   7.1   11.2

Despite the proposed UK withdrawal from the European Union creating large levels of uncertainty in the housing
market and competitor pricing putting pressure on new flow, portfolio stock has increased year on year. However, delinquencies remain very low and stable and recovery stock has reduced. Recovery book coverage rate reduced to 7.1% (2017: 11.2%)
reflecting the new impairment methodology following the transition to IFRS 9.

Within the UK home loans portfolio:


◾   Owner-occupied interest-only home loans comprised 26% (2017: 28%) of total balances. The average
balance weighted LTV on these loans decreased to 38.8% (2017: 39.7%). The 90-day arrears rate excluding recovery book remained steady at 0.3% (2017: 0.3%)


◾   Buy to Let (BTL) home loans comprised 12% (2017: 11%) of total balances. The average balance weighted
LTV increased to 55.4% (2017: 53.7%) driven by the volume of new business written. Whilst the average balance weighted LTV of new business remained stable during 2018, it is higher than for the existing book and increased the total book average
figure as a result. This increase was partially offset by increases in house prices applied during the second half of the year with positive movements in HPI reported. The BTL 90-day arrears rate excluding
recovery book remained steady at 0.1% (2017: 0.1%).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 123


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Home loans principal portfolios – distribution of balances by LTV a
Distribution of balances   Distribution of impairment allowance   Coverage ratio
As at 31 December 2018   %   %   %
Barclays UK
<=75%   90.6   50.9   –
>75% and <=90%   8.6   22.1   0.1
>90% and <=100%   0.7   7.7   0.5
>100%   0.1   19.3   10.8

Note


a   Portfolio mark to market based on the most updated valuation including recovery book balances.
Updated valuations reflect the application of the latest HPI available as at 31 December 2018.


Home loans principal portfolios – average LTV
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2018   2017
Overall portfolio LTV (%):
Balance weighted   48.9   47.6
Valuation weighted   35.8   35.2
>100% LTVs:
Balances (£m)   147   215
Mark to market collateral (£m)   130   188
Average LTV: balance weighted (%)   134.0   127.7
Average LTV: valuation weighted (%)   119.1   118.6
Balances in recovery book (%)   5.5   5.9

The reduction in home loans that have LTV >100% to £147m (2017: £215m) was driven by increases in
HPI through the second half of the year.


Home loans principal portfolios – new lending
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2018   2017
New bookings (£m)   23,008   22,665
New home loan proportion above 90% LTV (%)   1.8   2.1
Average LTV on new home loans: balance weighted (%)   65.4   63.8
Average LTV on new home loans: valuation weighted
(%)   57.4   56.0

Head Office:
Italian home loans and advances at amortised cost reduced to £7.9bn (1 January 2018:
£8.8bn) and continue to
run-off
 since new bookings ceased in 2016. The portfolio is secured on residential property with an average balance weighted mark to market LTV of 61.8% (2017: 61.0%).
90-day
 arrears and gross
charge-off
 rates remained stable at 1.4% (2017: 1.4%) and 0.8% (2017: 0.8%) respectively.


Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending


The principal portfolios listed below accounted for 87% (2017: 87%) of Barclays Group’s total credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail
lending.


Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending principal
portfolios
Gross loans and advances £m   30-day arrears, excluding recovery book %   90-day arrears, excluding recovery book %   Annualised gross charge-off rate %
As at 31 December 2018
Barclays UK
UK cards   17,285   1.8   0.9   4.7
UK personal loans   6,335   2.3   1.1   3.7
Barclays International
US cards   22,178   2.7   1.4   5.7
Barclays partner finance   4,216   1.1   0.4   2.3
Germany consumer lending   3,545   1.9   0.8   2.9
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK
UK cards   17,686   1.8   0.8   5.0
UK personal loans   6,255   2.5   1.2   3.3
Barclays International
US cards   21,350   2.6   1.3   5.0
Barclays partner finance   3,814   1.3   0.5   2.6
Germany consumer lending   3,384   2.3   1.0   3.2


124 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


UK cards:

30-
 and
90-day
 arrears rates remained stable. The
annualised gross
charge-off
 rate reduced to 4.7% (2017: 5.0%) as a result of charge-offs returning to stabilised levels in 2018 following
one-off
 accelerated charge-offs
in 2017.

UK personal loans:
30-
 and
90-day

arrears rates reduced slightly, whilst the annualised
charge-off
 rate increased. These movements were as a result of accounts that had remained in collections longer than expected in 2017 being moved to
charge-off
 following resolution of collections performance issues.

US cards:
 The annualised
gross
charge-off
 rate increased to 5.7% (2017: 5.0%) broadly in line with trends across the industry and change in portfolio mix reflecting a
one-off
 asset sale
benefiting 2017.

Barclays partner finance:
30-
 and

90-day
 arrear rates reduced driven by improved quality of new business and better arrears management.

Germany consumer lending:
 Arrears and
charge-off
 rates reduced due to improved performance in collections along with booking lower risk business.


Forbearance

Forbearance
measures consist of concessions towards a debtor that is experiencing or about to experience difficulties in meeting their financial commitments (‘financial difficulties’).


Analysis of forbearance programmes
Balances   Impairment Allowances
As at 31 December 2018
Barclays UK   647   172
Barclays International   233   190
Head Office   165   10
Total retail   1,045   372
Barclays UK   671   45
Barclays International   2,284   241
Head Office   –   –
Total wholesale   2,955   286
Group total   4,000   658
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   847   226
Barclays International   210   86
Head Office   186   11
Total retail   1,243   323
Barclays UK   606   31
Barclays International   2,347   519
Head Office   –   –
Total wholesale   2,953   550
Group total   4,196   873

Balances on forbearance programmes decreased 5% driven by better portfolio performance.


Retail balances on forbearance reduced 16% to £1.0bn, reflecting a decrease in Barclays UK partially offset by an increase in Barclays
International portfolios.


◾   Barclays UK: continued to reduce reflecting the ongoing improvements in operational
effectiveness over the past two years along with improving arrears rates and accounts completing and exiting plans.


◾   Barclays International: US cards forbearance balances increased to £177m (2017:
£148m) in line with book size but as a percentage of total balance remained low (<1%).

Wholesale balances on
forbearance remained stable at £3.0bn (2017: £3.0bn) with a reduction in CIB of £280m offset by an increase in Wealth BI of £211m. Impairment allowance reduced to £286m (2017: £550m) reflecting significant
write-offs and single name releases within CIB. Barclays International accounted for 77% of Wholesale forbearance with corporate cases representing 72% of all forborne balances.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 125


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Retail forbearance programmes


Forbearance on Barclays Group’s principal retail portfolios is presented below. The principal portfolios account for 84% (2017: 75%) of total
retail forbearance balances.


Analysis of key portfolios in forbearance programmes
Balances on forbearance programmes   Mark to market LTV of forbearance balances: balance weighted %   Mark to market LTV of forbearance balances: valuation weighted %   Impairment allowances marked against balances on forbearance programmes £m   Total balances
on forbearance programmes coverage ratio %
Total £m   % of gross retail loans and advances %
As at 31 December 2018
Barclays UK
UK home loans   296   0.2   41.6   29.8   –   –
UK cards   289   1.7   n/a   n/a   121   41.9
UK personal loans   62   1.0   n/a   n/a   51   82.3
Barclays International
US cards   177   0.8   n/a   n/a   131   74.0
Barclays partner finance   6   0.1   n/a   n/a   4   66.7
Germany consumer lending   46   1.3   n/a   n/a   28   60.9
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK
UK home loans   355   0.3   43.2   31.0   4   1.1
UK cards   302   1.7   n/a   n/a   179   59.3
UK personal loans   77   1.2   n/a   n/a   30   39.0
Barclays International
US cards   148   0.7   n/a   n/a   58   39.2
Barclays partner finance   9   0.2   n/a   n/a   7   77.8
Germany consumer lending   47   1.4   n/a   n/a   17   36.2

UK home loans:
 Forbearance stock reduced to £296m (2017: £355m), due to operational effectiveness
and accounts successfully exiting plans.

UK cards:
 Forbearance balances reduced due to tightening of entry criteria. The coverage
ratio reduction was driven by the transition to IFRS 9 model which removed some conservatism and updates to debt sale parameters.

UK
personal loans:
Forbearance reduced to £62m (2017: £77m), predominantly as a result of tightening criteria for short-term plans. Longer-term forbearance plans remained the preferred offering and maintained a steady trend across 2018.
Term extensions increased, albeit remained low at £9m.

US cards:
 Forbearance balances increased to £177m (2017:
£148m) reflecting book growth, but remain low (<1%) as a percentage of total balance.

Barclays partner finance:

Forbearance plan reduction was primarily driven by operational process changes introduced in 2018 whereby customers on long-term plans with two missed payments and experiencing financial difficulty were placed on alternative plans and impaired
appropriately.

Germany consumer lending:
The increase in coverage ratios was primarily driven by transition to IFRS 9
methodology.


Forbearance by type
Barclays UK   Barclays International
UK home loans   UK cards   UK personal loans   US cards
As at 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Payment concession   80   94   69   84   –   –   –   –
Interest-only conversion   60   75   –   –   –   –   –   –
Term extension   154   184   –   –   9   8   –   –
Fully amortising   –   –   –   –   52   54   160   135
Repayment plan a   –   –   89   96   1   15   17   13
Interest rate concession   2   2   131   122   –   –   –   –
Total   296   355   289   302   62   77   177   148

Note


a   Repayment plan represents a reduction to the minimum payment due requirements and interest rate.


126 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Wholesale forbearance programmes


The tables below detail balance information for wholesale forbearance cases.


Analysis of wholesale balances in forbearance programmes
Balances on forbearance programmes   Impairment allowances marked against balances on forbearance programmes £m   Total balances on forbearance programmes coverage ratio %
Total balances £m   % of gross wholesale loans
and advances %
As at 31 December 2018
Barclays UK   671   2.4   45   6.7
Barclays International   2,284   2.3   241   10.6
Total   2,955   2.3   286   9.7
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   606   2.1   31   5.1
Barclays International   2,347   1.4   519   22.1
Total   2,953   1.4   550   18.6
Wholesale forbearance reporting split by exposure class
Corporate £m   Personal and trusts £m   Other £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   3   –   –   3
Restructure: maturity date extension   286   186   2   474
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   450   31   –   481
Restructure: payment other than cash   18   –   –   18
Change in security   10   3   –   13
Adjustments or non-enforcement of covenants   1,040   177   1   1,218
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure
pending)   452   295   1   748
Total   2,259   692   4   2,955
As at 31 December 2017
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   5   –   –   5
Restructure: maturity date extension   373   26   –   399
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   297   –   –   297
Restructure: payment other than cash   16   –   –   16
Change in security   9   –   –   9
Adjustments or non-enforcement of covenants   1,477   101   1   1,579
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure
pending)   474   174   –   648
Total   2,651   301   1   2,953


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 127


Risk review


Risk performance

Credit
risk


Wholesale forbearance reporting split by business unit
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   1   2   3
Restructure: maturity date extension   129   345   474
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   286   195   481
Restructure: payment other than cash   –   18   18
Change in security   3   10   13
Adjustments or non-enforcements of covenants   132   1,086   1,218
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure
pending)   120   628   748
Total   671   2,284   2,955
As at 31 December 2017
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   3   2   5
Restructure: maturity date extension   90   309   399
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   199   98   297
Restructure: payment other than cash   –   16   16
Change in security   –   9   9
Adjustments or non-enforcements of covenants   223   1,356   1,579
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure
pending)   91   557   648
Total   606   2,347   2,953


Wholesale forbearance flows in 2018
£m
As at 1 January 2018   2,953
Added to forbearance   2,082
Removed from forbearance (credit improvement)   (1,126   )
Fully or partially repaid and other movements   (679   )
Written off/moved to recovery book   (275   )
As at 31 December 2018   2,955

Analysis of debt securities


Debt securities include government securities held as part of the Barclays Group’s treasury management portfolio for liquidity and regulatory
purposes, and are for use on a continuing basis in the activities of the Barclays Group.

The following tables provide an analysis of
debt securities held by the Barclays Group for trading and investment purposes by issuer type, and where the Barclays Group held government securities exceeding 10% of shareholders’ equity.


Further information on the credit quality of debt securities is presented on pages 121 to 122.


Debt securities
2018   2017
As at 31 December   £m   %   £m   %
Of which issued by:
Governments and other public bodies   76,646   64.6   69,981   64.5
Corporate and other issuers   30,767   26.0   27,976   25.9
US agency   7,014   5.9   7,868   7.3
Mortgage and asset backed securities   4,143   3.5   2,520   2.3
Total   118,570   100.0   108,345   100.0


Government securities
As at 31 December   2018 Fair value £m   2017 Fair value £m
United States   31,199   21,570
United Kingdom   19,555   19,475


128 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Analysis of derivatives

The
tables below set out the fair values of the derivative assets together with the value of those assets subject to enforceable counterparty netting arrangements for which the Barclays Group holds offsetting liabilities and eligible collateral.


Derivative assets (audited)
2018   2017
As at 31 December   Balance sheet assets £m   Counterparty netting £m   Net exposure £m   Balance sheet assets £m   Counterparty netting £m   Net exposure £m
Foreign exchange   64,188   50,189   13,999   54,943   42,117   12,826
Interest rate   125,272   95,572   29,700   153,043   117,559   35,484
Credit derivatives   10,755   8,450   2,305   12,549   9,952   2,597
Equity and stock index   20,882   16,653   4,229   14,698   12,702   1,996
Commodity derivatives   1,441   1,137   304   2,436   1,935   501
Total derivative assets   222,538   172,001   50,537   237,669   184,265   53,404
Cash collateral held   31,402   33,092
Net exposure less collateral   19,135   20,312

Derivative asset exposures would be £203bn (2017: £217bn) lower than reported under IFRS if netting were
permitted for assets and liabilities with the same counterparty or for which the Group holds cash collateral. Similarly, derivative liabilities would be £202bn (2017: £217bn) lower reflecting counterparty netting and collateral placed.
In addition,
non-cash
 collateral of £6bn (2017: £6bn) was held in respect of derivative assets. The Group received collateral from clients in support of over the counter derivative transactions.
These transactions are generally undertaken under International Swaps and Derivative Association (ISDA) agreements governed by either UK or New York law.

The table below sets out the fair value and notional amounts of OTC derivative instruments by type of collateral arrangement.


Derivatives by collateral arrangement
2018   2017
Notional   Fair value   Notional   Fair value
contract amount £m   Assets £m   Liabilities £m   contract amount £m   Assets £m   Liabilities £m
Unilateral in favour of Barclays
Foreign exchange   22,639   473   (369   )   18,280   484   (345   )
Interest rate   4,762   769   (25   )   5,495   868   (26   )
Credit derivatives   54   1   –   –   –   –
Equity and stock index   107   17   –   6   3   –
Commodity derivatives   –   –   –   243   –   (9   )
Total unilateral in favour of Barclays   27,562   1,260   (394   )   24,024   1,355   (380   )
Unilateral in favour of counterparty
Foreign exchange   14,221   530   (1,641   )   21,052   720   (1,851   )
Interest rate   64,504   2,925   (4,090   )   74,412   8,458   (9,934   )
Credit derivatives   78   1   (3   )   283   6   (3   )
Equity and stock index   714   242   (31   )   1,030   432   (53   )
Commodity derivatives   –   –   –   515   4   (6   )
Total unilateral in favour of counterparty   79,517   3,698   (5,765   )   97,292   9,620   (11,847   )
Bilateral arrangement
Foreign exchange   4,788,711   58,772   (56,392   )   4,318,754   48,660   (46,403   )
Interest rate   9,699,149   116,712   (114,091   )   8,060,574   135,465   (131,334   )
Credit derivatives   380,546   6,339   (5,002   )   404,069   7,337   (5,903   )
Equity and stock index   177,496   7,984   (8,494   )   144,255   6,178   (9,099   )
Commodity derivatives   9,635   492   (330   )   11,801   630   (575   )
Total bilateral arrangement   15,055,537   190,299   (184,309   )   12,939,453   198,270   (193,314   )
Uncollateralised derivatives
Foreign exchange   371,158   4,243   (5,495   )   380,823   4,442   (4,256   )
Interest rate   205,050   3,454   (1,138   )   202,053   4,215   (1,715   )
Credit derivatives   5,830   234   (234   )   6,808   252   (327   )
Equity and stock index   12,179   1,468   (3,305   )   16,448   884   (5,917   )
Commodity derivatives   121   29   (78   )   4,661   60   (266   )
Total uncollateralised derivatives   594,338   9,428   (10,250   )   610,793   9,853   (12,481   )
Total OTC derivative assets/(liabilities)   15,756,954   204,685   (200,718   )   13,671,562   219,098   (218,022   )


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 129


Risk review


Risk performance

Market
risk


Summary of contents   Page
Outlines key measures used to summarise the market risk profile of the
bank such as value at risk (VaR). A distinction is made between management and regulatory measures.   ◾ Market risk overview and summary of performance   131
Provides a Barclays Group-wide overview of where assets and
liabilities on Barclays Group’s balance sheet are managed within regulatory traded and non-traded books.   ◾ Balance sheet view of trading and banking books   132
Barclays Group discloses details on management measures of market risk. Total management VaR
includes all trading positions and is presented on a diversified basis by risk factor. This section also outlines the macroeconomic conditions modelled as part of Barclays Group’s risk management framework.   ◾ Traded market
risk   133
◾ Review of
management measures   133
– The daily average, maximum and minimum values of management VaR   133
– Business scenario stresses   133
◾ Review of
regulatory measures   134
– Analysis of regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and Comprehensive Risk
Measure   134
– Breakdown of the major regulatory risk measures by portfolio   134
Barclays Group’s regulatory measures of market risk under the
approved internal models approach are also disclosed.


130 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Market risk


The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from
fluctuation in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


All disclosures in this section pages 130 to 134 are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Key metrics


Average management value at risk
+11%
in 2018 at £21m (2017: £19m) remained relatively stable.
This small increase was driven by a higher volatility environment compared to
2017.


Overview of market risk


This section contains key statistics describing the market risk profile of Barclays Group. A distinction is made between regulatory and management
measures within the section.

Measures of market risk in Barclays Group and accounting measures


Traded market risk measures such as VaR and balance sheet exposure measures have fundamental differences:


◾   balance sheet measures show accruals-based balances or marked to market values as at the reporting date


◾   VaR measures also take account of current marked to market values, but in addition hedging effects between positions are considered


◾   market risk measures are expressed in terms of changes in value or volatilities as opposed to static values.


For these reasons, it is not possible to present direct reconciliations of traded market risk and accounting measures. The table ‘Balance sheet
split by trading and banking books’, on page 132, helps the reader understand the main categories of assets and liabilities subject to regulatory market risk measures.


Summary of performance in the period

Overall, Barclays Group has maintained a steady risk profile:


◾   Measures of traded market risk have been relatively stable over 2018.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 131


Risk review


Risk performance

Market
risk


Balance sheet view of trading and banking books


As defined by regulatory rules, a trading book consists of positions held for trading intent or to hedge elements of the trading
book. Trading intent must be evidenced in the basis of the strategies, policies and procedures set up by the firm to manage the position or portfolio. The table below provides a Group-wide overview of where assets and liabilities on the Barclays
Group’s balance sheet are managed within regulatory traded and
non-traded
 books.

The
balance sheet split by trading book and banking books is shown on an IFRS accounting scope of consolidation.


Balance sheet split by trading and banking books
As at 31 December 2018   Banking book a £m   Trading book £m   Total £m
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   –   177,069
Cash collateral and settlement balances   60,309   16,913   77,222
Loans and advances at amortised cost   326,406   –   326,406
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,260   48   2,308
Trading portfolio assets   6,479   97,708   104,187
Financial assets designated at fair value   12,656   136,992   149,648
Derivative financial instruments   688   221,850   222,538
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   52,816   –   52,816
Investments in associates and joint ventures   762   –   762
Goodwill and intangible assets   7,973   –   7,973
Property, plant and equipment   2,535   –   2,535
Current tax assets   798   –   798
Deferred tax assets   3,828   –   3,828
Retirement benefit assets   1,768   –   1,768
Other assets   3,425   –   3,425
Total assets   659,772   473,511   1,133,283
Deposits at amortised cost   393,492   1,346   394,838
Cash collateral and settlement balances   43,883   23,639   67,522
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   17,009   1,569   18,578
Debt securities in issue   82,286   –   82,286
Subordinated liabilities   20,559   –   20,559
Trading portfolio liabilities   –   37,882   37,882
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   7,592   209,242   216,834
Derivative financial instruments   734   218,909   219,643
Current tax liabilities   628   –   628
Deferred tax liabilities   51   –   51
Retirement benefit liabilities   315   –   315
Other liabilities   7,716   –   7,716
Provisions   2,652   –   2,652
Total liabilities   576,917   492,587   1,069,504

Note


a   The primary risk factors for banking book assets and liabilities are interest rates and to a
lesser extent, foreign exchange rates. Credit spreads and equity prices will also be factors where Barclays Group holds debt and equity securities respectively, either as financial assets designated at fair value (see Note 13) or as financial assets
at fair value through other comprehensive income (see Note 13) of the financial statements.

Included within the
trading book are assets and liabilities which are included in the market risk regulatory measures.


132 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Traded market risk review


Review of management measures


The following disclosures provide details on management measures of market risk.


The table below shows the total management VaR on a diversified basis by risk factor. Total management VaR includes all trading positions in CIB and
Head Office.

Limits are applied against each risk factor VaR as well as total Management VaR, which are then cascaded further by risk
managers to each business.


The daily average, maximum and minimum values of management VaR
Management VaR (95%, one day) (audited)
2018   2017
For the year ended 31 December a   Average £m   High b £m   Low b £m   Average £m   High b £m   Low b £m
Credit risk   11   16   8   12   18   8
Interest rate risk   8   19   3   8   15   4
Equity risk   7   14   4   8   14   4
Basis risk   6   8   4   5   6   3
Spread risk   6   9   3   5   8   3
Foreign exchange risk   3   7   2   3   7   2
Commodity risk   1   2   –   2   3   1
Inflation risk   3   4   2   2   4   1
Diversification
effect b   (24   )   n/a   n/a   (26   )   n/a   n/a
Total management VaR   21   27   15   19   26   14

Notes


a   Excludes BAGL from 23 July 2018.


b   Diversification effects recognise that forecast losses from different assets or businesses are
unlikely to occur concurrently, hence the expected aggregate loss is lower than the sum of the expected losses from each area. Historical correlations between losses are taken into account in making these assessments. The high and low VaR figures
reported for each category did not necessarily occur on the same day as the high and low VaR reported as a whole. Consequently, a diversification effect balance for the high and low VaR figures would not be meaningful and is therefore omitted from
the above table.

Management VaR remained relatively stable year–on–year. The marginal increase in average
management VaR in 2018 was due to a higher volatility environment compared to 2017.

Barclays Group Management VaR
a
 (£m)


Note


a   Excludes BAGL from 23 July 2018.


Business scenario stresses


As part of Barclays Group’s risk management framework, on a regular basis the performance of the trading business in hypothetical scenarios
characterised by severe macroeconomic conditions is modelled. Up to seven global scenarios are modelled on a regular basis, for example, a sharp deterioration in liquidity, a slowdown in the global economy, global recession, and a sharp increase in
economic growth.

In 2018, the scenario analyses showed that the largest market risk related impacts would be due to a severe
deterioration in financial liquidity and global recession.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 133


Risk review


Risk performance

Market
risk


Review of regulatory measures

The following disclosures provide details on regulatory measures of market risk.

Barclays Group’s market risk
capital requirement comprises of two elements:


◾   the market risk of trading book positions booked to legal entities are measured under a PRA approved
internal models approach, including Regulatory VaR, Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR), Incremental Risk Charge (IRC) and Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM) as required


◾   the trading book positions that do not meet the conditions for inclusion within the approved internal
models approach are calculated using standardised rules.

The table below summarises the regulatory market risk
measures, under the internal models approach.


Analysis of Regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and Comprehensive Risk
Measure a
Year-end £m   Avg. £m   Max £m   Min £m
As at 31 December 2018
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   24   27   41   19
Regulatory VaR (10-day) b   76   87   129   61
SVaR (1-day)   83   67   112   41
SVaR (10-day) b   262   211   355   130
IRC   146   126   219   52
CRM   –   –   –   –
As at 31 December 2017
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   28   27   39   19
Regulatory VaR (10-day) b   90   85   123   60
SVaR (1-day)   59   63   105   41
SVaR (10-day) b   186   200   331   130
IRC   188   202   326   142
CRM   –   1   2   –

Notes


a   Excludes BAGL from 23 July 2018.


b   The 10 day VaR is based on scaling of 1-day VaR model
output since VaR is currently not modelled for a 10-day holding period.


Overall, there was an increase in SVaR and a decrease in IRC in 2018, with no significant movements in other internal model components:


◾   Regulatory VaR: Average VaR was broadly unchanged compared to the previous year


◾   SVaR: Average SVaR increase was due to the date range selected for the one-year stressed period changing


◾   IRC: Decrease mainly driven by decrease in Rates and Fixed Income Financing, offset by the Foreign
Exchange business


◾   CRM: Remained at zero throughout the year.


Breakdown of the major regulatory risk measures by portfolio a
Macro £m   Equities £m   Credit £m   Barclays InternationaI Treasury £m   Banking £m   Barclays Group Treasury £m   Financial Resource Management b £m   Investing and Lending b £m
As at 31 December 2018
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   10   19   14   –   10   5   10   1
Regulatory VaR (10-day)   31   60   45   1   30   17   31   2
SVaR (1-day)   64   59   30   1   20   13   20   4
SVaR (10-day)   203   187   95   2   63   40   64   11
IRC   154   7   209   –   14   9   84   5
CRM   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
As at 31 December 2017
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   13   6   19   –   5   6   8   –
Regulatory VaR (10-day)   42   20   59   –   16   18   25   –
SVaR (1-day)   23   11   41   –   10   11   20   –
SVaR (10-day)   72   35   130   1   30   35   64   –
IRC   203   5   270   –   1   10   65   –
CRM   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –

Notes


a   Excludes BAGL.


b   A hierarchy change affecting Financial Resource Management resulted in the creation of the new
Investing and Lending portfolio during 2018.

The table above shows the primary portfolios which are driving the
trading businesses’ modelled capital requirement as at 2018
year-end.
 The standalone portfolio results diversify at the total level and are not additive. Regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and CRM in the prior
table show the diversified results at a Barclays Group level.


134 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Summary of contents   Page
Liquidity risk performance
The risk that the firm is
unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.   ◾ Liquidity overview
and summary of performance   137
◾ Liquidity risk
stress testing   137
–  Liquidity risk appetite   138
–  Liquidity regulation   138
–  Liquidity coverage ratio   139
This section provides an overview of Barclays Group’s liquidity risk.
The liquidity pool is held unencumbered and is not used to support payment or clearing requirements. The liquidity pool is intended to offset stress outflows, and comprises the following cash and unencumbered assets.   ◾ Liquidity pool   139
–  Composition of the liquidity pool   139
–  Liquidity pool by currency   139
–  Management of the liquidity pool   139
–  Contingent liquidity   140
The basis for sound liquidity risk management is a solid funding structure that reduces the probability of a liquidity stress leading to an inability to meet funding obligations as they fall due.   ◾ Funding structure and funding relationships   140
–  Deposit funding   140
–  Wholesale funding   141
Asset encumbrance arises from collateral pledged against secured funding and other collateralised obligations. Barclays funds a portion of trading portfolio assets and other securities via repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing, and pledges a portion of loans and advances as collateral in
securitisation, covered bond and other similar secured structures.   ◾ Encumbrance – On-balance sheet – Off-balance sheet –  Repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements   142 143 143 144
In addition to monitoring
and managing key metrics related to the financial strength of Barclays Group, Barclays Group solicits independent credit ratings.   ◾ Credit ratings   146
These ratings assess the creditworthiness of Barclays Group, its subsidiaries and branches and are based on reviews of a broad
range of business and financial attributes including risk management processes and procedures, capital strength, earnings, funding, asset quality, liquidity, accounting and governance.
Provides details on the contractual maturity of all financial instruments and other assets and
liabilities.   ◾ Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities   147


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 135


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Page
Capital risk performance
Capital risk is the risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory
testing purposes). This also includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans.   ◾ Capital risk
overview and summary of performance   151
◾ Regulatory minimum
capital and leverage requirements   152
–  Capital
–  Leverage
This section details Barclays Group’s capital position providing
information on both capital resources and capital requirements. It also provides details of the leverage ratios and exposures.
This section outlines Barclays Group’s capital ratios, capital composition, and
provides information on significant movements in CET1 capital during the year.   ◾ Analysis of capital
resources   152
–  Capital ratios   152
–  Capital resources   153
–  Movement in CET1 capital   153
This section outlines risk weighted assets by risk type, business and macro drivers.   ◾ Analysis of risk weighted assets   154
–  Risk weighted assets by risk type and business   154
–  Movement analysis of risk weighted
assets   154
This section outlines Barclays Group’s leverage ratios, leverage exposure composition,
and provides information on significant movements in the IFRS and leverage balance sheet.   ◾ Analysis of leverage ratios and exposures   155
–  Leverage ratios and exposures   155
Barclays Group discloses the two sources of foreign exchange risk that it is exposed to.   ◾ Foreign exchange risk   156
–  Transactional foreign currency exposure
–  Translational foreign exchange exposure
–  Functional currency of operations
A review focusing on the UK retirement fund, which represents the majority of Barclays Group’s
total retirement benefit obligation. requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) position and ratios.   ◾ Pension risk review   157
–  Assets and liabilities   157
–  IAS19 position   157
–  Risk measurement   157
This section outlines Barclays
Group’s Minimum   ◾ Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities   158
Interest rate risk in the banking book performance
A description of the non-traded market risk framework is provided. Barclays Group discloses a sensitivity analysis on pre-tax net interest income for non-trading financial assets and liabilities. The analysis is carried out by business unit and currency. Barclays Group discloses the overall impact of a parallel shift in interest rates on other comprehensive income and cash flow
hedges. Barclays Group measures the volatility
of the value of the FVOCI instruments in the liquidity pool through non-traded market risk VaR.   ◾ Interest rate risk in the banking book overview and summary of performance   159
◾ Net interest income
sensitivity   160
–  by business unit   160
–  by currency   160
◾ Analysis of equity sensitivity
◾ Volatility of the
FVOCI portfolio in the liquidity pool   160
161


136 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Liquidity risk
The risk that the firm is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate
amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets. All disclosures in this section (pages 137 to 150) are unaudited unless otherwise stated.
Key metrics
Liquidity Coverage Ratio
169%


Overview


The Barclays Group has a comprehensive key risk control framework for managing liquidity risk. The Liquidity Framework meets the PRA’s
standards and is designed to maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality, and a funding profile that is appropriate to meet the liquidity risk appetite. The Liquidity Framework is delivered via a combination of policy
formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring.

This section provides an analysis of the
Barclays Group’s: (i) summary of performance, (ii) liquidity risk stress testing, iii) liquidity pool, (iv) funding structure and funding relationships, (v) encumbrance, (vi) credit ratings, and (vii) contractual
maturity of financial assets and liabilities.

Summary of performance


The liquidity pool increased to £227bn (December 2017: £220bn) driven largely by net deposit growth across businesses. The Liquidity
Coverage Ratio (LCR) increased to 169% (December 2017: 154%), equivalent to a surplus of £90bn (December 2017: £75bn) to 100% regulatory requirement. The Barclays Group also continued to maintain surpluses to its internal liquidity
requirements. The strong liquidity position reflects the Barclays Group’s prudent approach given the continued macroeconomic uncertainty.

During the year, the Barclays Group issued £12.2bn of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) instruments in a range of tenor and currencies.


Barclays Bank PLC continued to issue in the shorter-term markets and Barclays Bank UK PLC issued in the shorter-term and secured markets, helping
to maintain their stable and diversified funding bases.

The overall funding structure has improved further. Barclays Group has
continued to reduce its reliance on short-term wholesale funding, where the proportion maturing in less than 1 year fell to 30% (December 2017: 31%).


Liquidity risk stress testing

Under the Liquidity Framework, the Barclays Group has established a liquidity risk appetite (LRA) together with the appropriate limits for the management of the liquidity risk. This is the level of liquidity risk the Barclays Group
chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations. The Barclays Group sets its internal liquidity risk appetite (LRA) based on internal liquidity risk assessments and, external regulatory requirements
namely the CRD IV Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 137


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Liquidity risk appetite

The
liquidity risk assessment measures the potential contractual and contingent stress outflows under a range of stress scenarios, which are then used to determine the size of the liquidity pool that is immediately available to meet anticipated outflows
if a stress occurs.

As part of the LRA, the Barclays Group runs three short-term liquidity stress scenarios, aligned to the PRA’s
prescribed stresses:


◾   90 day market-wide stress event


◾   30 day Barclays-specific stress event


◾   combined 30 day market-wide and Barclays-specific stress event


Key LRA assumptions

For
the year ended 31 December 2018


Drivers of Liquidity Risk   LRA Combined stress – key assumptions
Wholesale Secured and Unsecured   ◾ Zero
rollover of maturing wholesale unsecured funding
Funding Risk   ◾ Loss of repo
capacity on non-extremely liquid repos at contractual maturity date
◾ Roll of repo
for extremely liquid repo at wider haircut at contractual maturity date
◾ Withdrawal of
contractual buyback obligations, excess client futures margin, Prime Brokerage (PB) client cash and overlifts
◾ Haircuts applied to the market value of marketable assets held in the liquidity buffer
Retail and Corporate Funding Risk   ◾ Retail and Corporate deposit outflows as counterparties seek to diversify their deposit balances
Intraday Liquidity Risk   ◾ Liquidity held against intraday requirements for the settlement of cash and securities under a stress
Intra-Group Liquidity Risk   ◾ Liquidity support for material subsidiaries. Surplus liquidity held within certain subsidiaries is not taken as a benefit to the wider Group.
Cross-Currency Liquidity Risk   ◾ Currency liquidity cash flows at contractual maturity for physically settled FX forwards and cross currency swaps
Off-Balance Sheet Liquidity Risk   ◾ Drawdown on
committed facilities based on facility and counterparty type
◾ Collateral
outflows due to a two-notch credit rating downgrade
◾ Increase in
the Barclays Group’s initial margin requirement across all major exchanges
◾ Variation
margin outflows from collateralised risk positions
◾ Outflow of
collateral owing but not called
◾ Loss of internal sources of funding within the PB synthetics business
Franchise-Viability Risk   ◾ Liquidity held in order to meet outflows that are non-contractual in nature, but are necessary in order to support the
firm’s ongoing franchise (e.g. debt buybacks)
Funding Concentration Risk   ◾ Liquidity held against largest wholesale funding counterparty refusing to roll

As at 31 December 2018, the Barclays Group held eligible liquid assets well in excess of 100% of net stress
outflows of the 30 day combined scenario, which has the highest net outflows of the three short-term liquidity stress scenarios.

The
Barclays Group also runs a long-term liquidity stress test, which measures the anticipated outflows over a
12-month
 market-wide scenario. As at 31 December 2018, the Barclays Group remained compliant to
this internal metric.

Liquidity regulation


The Barclays Group monitors its position against the CRD IV Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Basel III Net Stable Funding Ratio
(NSFR).

The LCR is designed to promote short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk profile by holding sufficient High Quality
Liquid Assets to survive an acute stress scenario lasting for 30 days. The NSFR has a time horizon of 12 months and has been developed to promote a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities.


In October 2014, the BCBS published a standard defining the minimum requirements for the Net Stable Funding Ration (NSFR). The EU is implementing
the NSFR regulations as part of the Risk Reduction Measures package, on which political agreement was reached in December 2018. The regulations are expected to enter into force two years after they are published, which is likely to be around Q2
2021. Barclays continues to assess the impact of these measures on its NSFR ratio, which remains above the 100% requirement, based on a conservative interpretation of the regulations.


138 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Liquidity coverage ratio

The
external LCR requirement is prescribed by the regulator taking into account the relative stability of different sources of funding and potential incremental funding requirements in a stress.


As at 31 December   2018 £bn   2017 £bn
Eligible liquidity buffer   219   215
Net stress outflows   (129   )   (140   )
Surplus   90   75
Liquidity coverage ratio   169%   154%

As part of the LRA, Barclays also establishes the minimum LCR limit. The Barclays Group plans to maintain its
surplus to the internal and regulatory stress requirements at an efficient level, while considering risks to market funding conditions and its liquidity position. The continuous reassessment of these risks may lead to management actions to resize
the liquidity pool.

Liquidity pool

The Group liquidity pool as at 31 December 2018 was £227bn (2017: £220bn). During 2018, the
month-end
 liquidity pool ranged from £207bn to £243bn (2017:
£165bn to £232bn), and the
month-end
 average balance was £225bn (2017: £202bn). The liquidity pool is held unencumbered and is not used to support payment or clearing requirements. Such
requirements are treated as part of our regular business funding. The liquidity pool is intended to offset stress outflows, and comprises the following cash and unencumbered assets.


Composition of the Group liquidity pool as at 31 December
2018
Liquidity pool £bn   Liquidity pool of which CRD IV LCR
eligible c   2017 Liquidity pool £bn
Cash £bn   Level 1 £bn   Level 2A £bn
Cash and deposits with central banks a   181   176   –   –   173
Government bonds b
AAA to AA-   27   –   23   –   31
BBB+ to BBB-   4   –   4   –   2
Other LCR Ineligible Government bonds   1   –   –   –   1
Total government bonds   32   –   27   –   34
Other
Government Guaranteed Issuers, PSEs and GSEs   6   –   5   1   6
International Organisations and MDBs   5   –   5   –   4
Covered bonds   3   –   3   –   2
Other   –   –   –   –   1
Total other   14   –   13   1   13
Total as at 31 December 2018   227   176   40   1
Total as at 31 December 2017   220   169   43   2

Notes


a   Includes cash held at central banks and surplus cash at central banks related to payment schemes.
Of which over 99% (2017: over 99%) was placed with the Bank of England, US Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan and Swiss National Bank.


b   Of which over 71% (2017: over 84%) comprised of UK, US, French, German, Swiss and Dutch
securities.


c   The LCR eligible liquidity pool is adjusted for trapped liquidity and other regulatory deductions.
It also incorporates other CRD IV qualifying assets that are not eligible under Barclays’ internal risk appetite.


The Group liquidity pool is well diversified by major currency and the Barclays Group monitors LRA stress scenarios for major currencies.


Liquidity pool by currency
USD   EUR   GBP   Other   Total
£bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn
Liquidity pool as at 31 December 2018   57   64   76   30   227
Liquidity pool as at 31 December 2017   70   55   71   24   220

Management of the liquidity pool


The composition of the liquidity pool is subject to limits set by the Board and the independent liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk
functions. In addition, the investment of the liquidity pool is monitored for concentration risk by issuer, currency and asset type. Given the incremental returns generated by these highly liquid assets, the risk and reward profile is continuously
managed.

As at 31 December 2018, 90% (2017: 93%) of the liquidity pool was located in Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC.
The residual portion of the liquidity pool is held outside of these entities, predominantly in the US subsidiaries, to meet entity-specific stress outflows and regulatory requirements. To the extent the use of this portion of the liquidity pool is
restricted due to regulatory requirements, it is assumed to be unavailable to the rest of the Barclays Group in calculating the LCR.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 139


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Contingent liquidity

In
addition to the Group liquidity pool, the Barclays Group has access to other unencumbered assets which provide a source of contingent liquidity. While these are not relied on in the Group’s LRA, a portion of these assets may be monetised in a
stress to generate liquidity through use as collateral for secured funding or through outright sale.

In a Barclays-specific, market-wide
or combined liquidity stress, liquidity available via market sources could be severely disrupted. In circumstances where market liquidity is unavailable or available only at heavily discounted prices, the Barclays Group could generate liquidity via
central bank facilities. The Barclays Group maintains a significant amount of collateral positioned at central banks and available to raise funding.

For more detail on the Barclays Group’s other unencumbered assets, see pages 142 to 144.

Funding structure
and funding relationships

The basis for sound liquidity risk management is a solid funding structure that reduces the probability of
a liquidity stress leading to an inability to meet funding obligations as they fall due. The Barclays Group’s overall funding strategy is to develop a diversified funding base (geographically, by type and by counterparty) and maintain access to
a variety of alternative funding sources, to provide protection against unexpected fluctuations, while minimising the cost of funding.


Within this, the Barclays Group aims to align the sources and uses of funding. As such, retail and corporate loans and advances are largely funded
by customer deposits in the relevant entities, with the surplus primarily funding the liquidity pool. Other assets, together with other loans and advances, are funded by wholesale debt and equity. The majority of reverse repurchase agreements are
matched by repurchase agreements. Derivative liabilities and assets are largely matched. A substantial proportion of balance sheet derivative positions qualify for counterparty netting and the remaining portions are largely offset once netted
against cash collateral received and paid.

These funding relationships are summarised below:


Assets   2018 £bn   2017 b £bn   Liabilities   2018 £bn   2017 b £bn
Loans and advances at amortised cost   327   324   Deposits at amortised cost   395   399
Group liquidity pool   227   220   < 1 Year wholesale funding   47   45
> 1 Year wholesale funding   107   99
Other assets a   53   47   Equity and other liabilities   102   79
Reverse repurchase agreements, trading portfolio assets, cash collateral and settlement
balances   303   304   Repurchase agreements, trading portfolio liabilities, cash collateral and settlement balances   262   273
Derivative financial instruments   223   238   Derivative financial instruments   220   238
Total assets   1,133   1,133   Total liabilities   1,133   1,133

Notes


a   Other assets include fair value assets that are not part of reverse repurchase agreements or
trading portfolio assets, and other asset categories.


b   December 2017 comparatives have been updated for balance sheet presentation changes.


Deposit funding (audited)
2018   2017
Funding of loans and advances As at 31 December 2018   Loans and advances at amortised cost £bn   Deposits at amortised cost £bn   Loan: deposit ratio a %   Loan to deposit ratio %
Barclays UK   189   197   96%   95%
Barclays International   127   197   65%   68%
Head Office   11   –
Barclays Group   326   395   83%   81%

Note


a   The loan: deposit ratio is calculated as loans and advances at amortised cost divided by deposits
at amortised cost. Comparatives have been updated based on this approach.

As at 31 December 2018, £172bn
(2017: £175bn) of total customer deposits were insured through the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) and other similar schemes. In addition to these customer deposits £5bn (2017: £4bn) of other liabilities are
insured by other governments.

Contractually current accounts are repayable on demand and savings accounts at short notice. In practise,
their observed maturity is typically longer than their contractual maturity. Similarly, repayment profiles of certain types of assets e.g. mortgages, overdrafts and credit card lending, differ from their contractual profiles. The Barclays Group
therefore assesses the behavioural maturity of both customer assets and liabilities to identify structural balance sheet funding gaps. In doing so, it applies quantitative modelling and qualitative assessments which take into account historical
experience, current customer composition, and macroeconomic projections.

The Barclays Group’s broad base of customers, numerically
and by depositor type, helps protect against unexpected fluctuations in balances and hence provide a stable funding base for the Barclays Group’s operations and liquidity needs.


140 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Wholesale funding

Barclays
Bank Group and Barclays Bank UK Group maintain access to a variety of sources of wholesale funds in major currencies, including those available from term investors across a variety of distribution channels and geographies, short-term funding markets
and repo markets.

Barclays Bank Group has direct access to US, European and Asian capital markets through its global investment banking
operations and to long-term investors through its clients worldwide. Key sources of wholesale funding include money markets, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, medium term issuances (including structured notes) and securitisations.


Key sources of wholesale funding for Barclays Bank UK Group include money markets, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, covered
bonds and other securitisations.

Barclays Group expects to continue issuing public wholesale debt from Barclays PLC (the Parent
company), in order to maintain compliance with indicative MREL requirements and maintain a stable and diverse funding base by type, currency and market.

As at 31 December 2018, Barclays Group’s total wholesale funding outstanding (excluding repurchase agreements) was £154.0bn (2017: £143.7bn), of which £22.5bn (2017: £20.3bn) was secured funding and
£131.5bn (2017: £123.4bn) unsecured funding. Unsecured funding includes £47.3bn (2017: £44.8bn) of privately placed senior unsecured notes issued through a variety of distribution channels including intermediaries and private
banks.

During the year, Barclays Group issued £12.2bn of minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)
instruments from Barclays PLC (the Parent company) in a range of different currencies and tenors. Barclays Bank PLC continued to issue in the shorter-term markets and Barclays Bank UK PLC issued in the shorter-term and secured markets, helping to
maintain their stable and diversified funding bases.

As at 31 December 2018, wholesale funding of £46.7bn (2017:
£44.9bn) matures in less than one year, of which £19.1bn (2017: £13.8bn) relates to term funding. Although not a requirement, the liquidity pool exceeded the wholesale funding maturing in less than one year by £180bn (2017:
£163bn).

Barclays Bank Group and Barclays Bank UK Group also support various central bank monetary initiatives including
participation in the Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme. These are reported under ‘repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing’ on the balance sheet.


Maturity profile of wholesale funding a,b
<1 month £bn   1-3 months £bn   3-6 months £bn   6-12 months £bn   <1 year £bn   1-2
years £bn   2-3
years £bn   3-4
years £bn   4-5
years £bn   >5 years £bn   Total £bn
Barclays PLC
(the Parent company)
Senior unsecured (Public benchmark)   –   –   –   1.6   1.6   1.1   4.4   1.3   6.7   16.3   31.4
Senior unsecured (Privately placed)   –   –   –   –   –   –   0.2   –   0.2   0.5   0.9
Subordinated liabilities   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   6.8   6.8
Barclays Bank PLC
(including subsidiaries)
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper   0.1   7.8   3.5   8.0   19.4   1.2   0.8   0.5   0.1   –   22.0
Asset backed commercial paper   2.0   3.7   1.1   –   6.8   –   –   –   –   –   6.8
Senior unsecured (Public benchmark)   –   0.3   1.1   1.1   2.5   3.0   0.4   –   –   1.2   7.1
Senior unsecured (Privately placed) c   0.1   3.0   2.3   5.6   11.0   7.7   4.6   2.6   4.0   16.5   46.4
Asset backed securities   –   –   –   1.0   1.0   1.2   0.2   0.2   0.6   2.6   5.8
Subordinated liabilities   0.2   0.1   –   0.1   0.4   0.9   5.2   3.4   –   4.1   14.0
Other   0.1   –   –   –   0.1   0.1   –   –   0.3   1.1   1.6
Barclays Bank UK PLC
(including subsidiaries)
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper   –   1.0   0.2   0.1   1.3   –   –   –   –   –   1.3
Covered bonds   –   –   –   1.8   1.8   1.0   1.0   2.4   1.3   1.1   8.6
Asset backed securities   –   –   –   0.8   0.8   0.5   –   –   –   –   1.3
Total as at 31 December 2018   2.5   15.9   8.2   20.1   46.7   16.7   16.8   10.4   13.2   50.2   154.0
Of which secured   2.0   3.7   1.1   3.6   10.4   2.7   1.2   2.6   1.9   3.7   22.5
Of which unsecured   0.5   12.2   7.1   16.5   36.3   14.0   15.6   7.8   11.3   46.5   131.5
Total as at 31 December 2017   7.2   14.9   12.5   10.3   44.9   18.7   12.0   13.6   10.8   43.7   143.7
Of which secured   1.9   5.1   1.0   0.2   8.2   3.5   2.0   1.0   2.5   3.1   20.3
Of which unsecured   5.3   9.8   11.5   10.1   36.7   15.2   10.0   12.6   8.3   40.6   123.4

Notes


a The composition of wholesale funding principally comprises of debt securities and subordinated liabilities.


b Term funding comprises public benchmark and privately placed senior unsecured notes, covered bonds,
asset backed securities (ABS) and subordinated debt where the original maturity of the instrument was more than one year.

c Includes structured notes of £35.7bn, £6.2bn of which matures within one year.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 141


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Currency composition of wholesale debt


As at 31 December 2018, the proportion of wholesale funding by major currencies was as follows:


Currency composition of wholesale funding
USD %   EUR %   GBP %   Other %
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper   48   49   3   –
Asset backed commercial paper   86   9   5   –
Senior unsecured (Public benchmark)   61   19   12   8
Senior unsecured (Privately placed)   54   24   9   13
Covered bonds/Asset backed securities   33   35   32   –
Subordinated liabilities   46   24   28   2
Total as at 31 December 2018   53   27   13   7
Total as at 31 December 2017   50   28   10   12

To manage cross currency refinancing risk, the Barclays Group manages to foreign exchange cash flow limits, which
limit risk at specific maturities.

Encumbrance


Asset encumbrance arises from collateral pledged against secured funding and other collateralised obligations. Barclays funds a portion of trading
portfolio assets and other securities via repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing, and pledges a portion of loans and advances as collateral in securitisation, covered bond and other similar secured structures. Barclays monitors the mix of
secured and unsecured funding sources and seeks to efficiently utilise available collateral to raise secured funding and meet other collateral requirements.

Encumbered assets have been defined consistently with the Barclays Group’s reporting requirements under Article 100 of the CRR. Securities and commodities assets are considered encumbered when they have been pledged or used to
secure, collateralise or credit enhance a transaction which impacts their transferability and free use. This includes external repurchase or other similar agreements with market counterparties.


Excluding assets positioned at central banks, as at 31 December 2018, £165.9bn (2017: £193.2bn) of the Barclays Group’s assets
were encumbered, primarily due to firm financing of trading portfolio assets, posting of cash collateral, funding secured against loans and advances, and other assets at fair value.


Assets may also be encumbered under secured funding arrangements with central banks. In advance of such encumbrance, assets are often positioned
with central banks to facilitate efficient future draw down. £78.6bn (2017: £70.0bn) of
on-balance
 sheet assets were positioned at the central banks, consisting of encumbered assets and collateral
available for use in secured financing transactions.

£350.6bn (2017: £341.9bn) of on and off balance sheet assets not
positioned at the central bank were identified as readily available assets for use in secured financing transactions. Additionally, they include cash and securities held in the Barclays Group’s liquidity pool as well as unencumbered assets
which provide a source of contingent liquidity. While these additional assets are not relied upon in the Barclays Group’s liquidity pool, a portion of these assets may be monetised to generate liquidity through use as collateral for secured
funding or through outright sale. Loans and advances to customers are only classified as readily available if they are already in a form, such that, they can be used to raise funding without further management actions. This includes excess
collateral already in secured funding vehicles.

£216.3bn (2017: £198.0bn) of assets not positioned at the central banks were
identified as available as collateral. These assets are not subject to any restrictions on their ability to secure funding, to be offered as collateral, or to be sold to reduce potential future funding requirements, but are not immediately available
in the normal course of business in their current form. They primarily consist of loans and advances which would be suitable for use in secured funding structures but are conservatively classified as not readily available because they are not in a
transferable form.

Not available as collateral consists of assets that cannot be pledged or used as security for funding due to
restrictions that prevent their pledge or use as security for funding in the normal course of business.

Derivatives and reverse repos
are shown separately as these
on-balance
 sheet assets cannot be pledged. However, these assets can give rise to the receipt of
non-cash
 assets which are held
off-balance
 sheet, and can be used to raise secured funding or meet additional funding requirements.


In addition, £529.0bn (2017: £547.6bn) of the total £598.3bn (2017: £608.4bn) securities accepted as collateral, and held
off-balance
 sheet, were
on-pledged,
 the significant majority of which related to matched-book activity where reverse repurchase agreements are matched by repurchase agreements
entered into to facilitate client activity. The remainder relates primarily to reverse repurchase agreements used to settle trading portfolio liabilities as well as collateral posted against derivatives margin requirements.


142 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Asset encumbrance
Assets encumbered as a result of transactions with
counterparties other than central banks   Other assets (comprising assets encumbered at the central bank and unencumbered assets)
Assets positioned at the central banks a £bn   Assets not positioned at the central
bank
On-balance sheet As at 31 December 2018   Assets £bn   As a result of covered bonds £bn   As a result of securitis- ations £bn   Other £bn   Total £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn   Derivatives and Reverse repos £bn   Total £bn
Cash and balances at central banks   177.1   –   –   –   –   –   177.1   –   –   –   177.1
Cash collateral   59.1   –   –   55.5   55.5   –   3.6   –   –   –   3.6
Settlement balances   18.1   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   18.1   –   18.1
Loans and advances at amortised cost   326.4   11.6   9.7   8.2   29.5   78.1   19.2   197.1   2.5   –   296.9
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2.3   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   2.3   2.3
Trading portfolio assets   104.2   –   –   63.1   63.1   –   41.1   –   –   –   41.1
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   149.6   –   –   7.4   7.4   0.5   4.2   18.5   –   119.0   142.2
Derivative financial instruments   222.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   222.5   222.5
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   52.8   –   –   10.4   10.4   –   41.7   0.7   –   –   42.4
Other assets   21.2   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   21.2   –   21.2
Total on-balance sheet   1,133.3   11.6   9.7   144.6   165.9   78.6   286.9   216.3   41.8   343.8   967.4
Off-balance sheet
Collateral received £bn   Collateral received of which on- pledged £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   598.3   529.0   63.7   –   5.7
Total unencumbered collateral   –   –   350.6   216.3   47.5

Note


a   Includes both encumbered and unencumbered assets. Assets within this category that have been
encumbered are disclosed as assets pledged in Note 38 to the financial statements on page 292.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 143


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Asset encumbrance
Assets encumbered as a result of transactions with counterparties other than
central banks   Other assets (comprising assets encumbered at the central bank and unencumbered assets)
Assets positioned at the central banks a £bn   Assets not positioned at the central bank
On-balance sheet As at 31 December 2017   Assets £bn   As a result of covered bonds £bn   As a result of securitis- ations £bn   Other £bn   Total £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn   Derivatives and Reverse repos £bn   Total £bn
Cash and balances at central banks   171.1   –   –   –   –   –   171.1   –   –   –   171.1
Cash collateral   58.6   –   –   56.4   56.4   –   2.2   –   –   –   2.2
Settlement balances   18.6   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   18.6   –   18.6
Loans and advances at amortised cost   324.0   11.2   18.4   13.0   42.6   70.0   24.1   186.4   0.9   –   281.4
Reverse repurchase agreements   12.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   12.5   12.5
Trading portfolio assets   113.8   –   –   73.9   73.9   –   39.9   –   –   –   39.9
Financial assets at fair value   116.3   –   –   4.8   4.8   –   1.5   10.0   –   100.0   111.5
Derivative financial instruments   237.7   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   237.7   237.7
Financial Investments   58.9   –   –   15.5   15.5   –   43.0   0.4   –   –   43.4
Other assets   20.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   20.5   –   20.5
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale   1.2   –   –   –   –   –   –   1.2   –   –   1.2
Total on-balance sheet   1,133.2   11.2   18.4   163.6   193.2   70.0   281.8   198.0   40.0   350.2   940.0


Off-balance sheet
Collateral received £bn   Collateral received of which on- pledged £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   608.4   547.6   60.1   –   0.7
Total unencumbered collateral   –   –   341.9   198.0   40.7

Note


a   Includes both encumbered and unencumbered assets. Assets within this category that have been
encumbered are disclosed as assets pledged in Note 38 to the financial statements on page 292.

Repurchase
agreements and reverse repurchase agreements

Barclays enters into repurchase and other similar secured borrowing agreements to
finance its trading portfolio assets. The majority of reverse repurchase agreements are matched by offsetting repurchase agreements entered into to facilitate client activity. The remainder are used to settle trading portfolio liabilities.


Due to the high quality of collateral provided against secured financing transactions, the liquidity risk associated with this activity
is significantly lower than unsecured financing transactions. Nonetheless, Barclays manages to gross and net secured mismatch limits to limit refinancing risk under a severe stress scenario and a portion of the Barclays Group’s liquidity pool
is held against stress outflows on these positions. The Barclays Group secured mismatch limits are calibrated based on market capacity, liquidity characteristics of the collateral and risk appetite of the Barclays Group.


The cash value of repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions will typically differ from the market value of the collateral against which these
transactions are secured by an amount referred to as a haircut (or overcollateralisation). Typical haircut levels vary depending on the quality of the collateral that underlies these transactions. For transactions secured against extremely liquid
fixed income collateral, lenders demand relatively small haircuts (typically ranging from
0-2%).
 For transactions secured against less liquid collateral, haircuts vary by asset class (typically ranging from
5-10%
 for corporate bonds and other less liquid collateral).

As at 31 December 2018, the
significant majority of repurchase activity related to matched-book activity. The Barclays Group may face refinancing risk on the net maturity mismatch for matched-book activity.


144 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Net matched-book activity a,b
Net match-book repurchase agreements/(Reverse repurchase
agreements)   Less than one month £bn   One month to three months £bn   Over three months £bn
As at 31 December 2018
Extremely liquid fixed income c   32.4   (19.6   )   (11.3   )
Liquid fixed income   (0.4   )   0.5   0.7
Equities   (10.9   )   7.7   6.4
Less liquid   (1.4   )   1.5   1.9
Total   19.7   (9.9   )   (2.3   )
As at 31 December 2017
Extremely liquid fixed income c   36.4   (18.1   )   (16.1   )
Liquid fixed income   0.9   (1.5   )   1.4
Equities   (9.7   )   5.6   8.8
Less liquid   (1.7   )   0.7   2.2
Total   25.9   (13.3   )   (3.7   )

The residual repurchase agreement activity is the firm-financing component and reflects Barclays funding of a
portion of its trading portfolio assets. The primary risk related to firm-financing activity is the inability to roll-over transactions as they mature.


Firm financing repurchase agreements a,b,d
Less than one month £bn   One month to three months £bn   Over three months £bn   Total £bn
As at 31 December 2018
Extremely liquid fixed income c   43.6   5.1   1.6   50.3
Liquid fixed income   3.2   3.3   5.8   12.3
Equities   15.9   15.1   9.0   40.0
Less liquid   7.8   1.6   13.8   23.2
Total   70.5   25.1   30.2   125.8
As at 31 December 2017
Extremely liquid fixed income c   37.2   10.3   1.4   48.9
Liquid fixed income   4.1   1.5   2.5   8.1
Equities   17.4   21.4   15.7   54.5
Less liquid   2.1   1.9   12.6   16.6
Total   60.8   35.1   32.2   128.1

Notes


a Includes collateral swaps, financing positions for prime brokerage clients which reported as loans and advances
or deposits on the balance sheet.

b Values are reported on a cash value basis.


c Extremely liquid fixed income is defined as very highly rated sovereigns and agencies, typically rated AA+ or
better. It excludes liquid fixed income, equities and other less liquid collateral.

d Includes
participation in central bank monetary initiatives e.g. Bank of England’s Term Funding Scheme.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 145


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Credit ratings

In addition
to monitoring and managing key metrics related to the financial strength of the Barclays Group, Barclays also solicits independent credit ratings from Standard & Poor’s Global (S&P), Moody’s, Fitch and Rating and Investment
Information (R&I). These ratings assess the creditworthiness of the Barclays Group, its subsidiaries and branches and are based on reviews of a broad range of business and financial attributes including capital strength, profitability, funding,
liquidity, asset quality, strategy and governance.


Credit ratings
As at 31 December 2018   Standard & Poor’s   Moody’s   Fitch
Barclays Bank PLC
Long-term   A   A2   A+
Short-term   A-1   P-1   F1
Outlook   Stable   Stable   Stable
Barclays Bank UK PLC
Long-term   A   A1   A+
Short-term   A-1   P-1   F1
Outlook   Stable   Stable   Stable
Barclays PLC
Long-term   BBB   Baa3   A
Short-term   A-2   P-3   F1
Outlook   Stable   Stable   Stable

All credit rating agencies took rating actions during the year to convert their respective initial ratings of
Barclays Bank UK PLC to final ratings in April 2018, following the setting up of the ring-fenced bank.

In March 2018, S&P finalised
their rating of Barclays Bank UK PLC, aligning it to Barclays Bank PLC’s rating of A. Both entities are on stable outlooks. Barclays PLC continues to be rated BBB with a stable outlook.


In April 2018, Moody’s assigned a rating to Barclays Bank UK PLC of A1, whilst Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays PLC’s ratings were
downgraded by one notch to A2 and Baa3 respectively due to their assessment of the entities’ profitability and, for Barclays Bank PLC, the impact of ring-fencing. All entities carry stable outlooks.


Fitch assigned a rating to Barclays Bank UK PLC of A, aligning it to Barclays Bank PLC’s rating in April 2018. In December 2018, both entities
were upgraded by one notch to A+ due to the sufficient amount of junior debt both entities hold, referred to as qualifying junior debt (QJD). Barclays PLC continues to be rated A on stable outlook.


Barclays also solicits issuer ratings from R&I and the ratings of
A-
 for Barclays PLC and A for Barclays
Bank PLC were affirmed in July 2018 with stable outlooks.

A credit rating downgrade could result in outflows to meet collateral
requirements on existing contracts. Outflows related to credit rating downgrades are included in the LRA stress scenarios and a portion of the liquidity pool is held against this risk. Credit ratings downgrades could also result in reduced funding
capacity and increased funding costs.

The contractual collateral requirement following
one-
 and
two-notch
 long-term and associated short-term downgrades across all credit rating agencies, would result in outflows of £5bn and £6bn respectively, and are fully reserved for in the liquidity pool. These
numbers do not assume any management or restructuring actions that could be taken to reduce posting requirements. These outflows do not include the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding, such as from money market funds, or loss
of secured funding capacity. However, unsecured and secured funding stresses are included in the LRA stress scenarios and a portion of the liquidity pool is held against these risks.


146 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities


The table below provides detail on the contractual maturity of all financial instruments and other assets and liabilities. Derivatives (other than
those designated in a hedging relationship) and trading portfolio assets and liabilities are included in the ‘on demand’ column at their fair value. Liquidity risk on these items is not managed on the basis of contractual maturity since
they are not held for settlement according to such maturity and will frequently be settled before contractual maturity at fair value. Derivatives designated in a hedging relationship are included according to their contractual maturity.


Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities
(audited)
As
at 31 December 2018   On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over
six months but not more than nine months £m   Over
nine months but not more than one year £m   Over
one year but not more than two years £m   Over
two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over
ten years £m   Total £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   175,534   1,353   118   –   64   –   –   –   –   –   177,069
Cash collateral and settlement balances   2,389   74,786   19   –   22   2   –   4   –   –   77,222
Loans and advances at amortised cost   12,506   11,171   7,938   5,416   7,072   26,336   25,559   39,604   48,606   142,198   326,406
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   31   1,245   –   –   –   586   446   –   –   –   2,308
Trading portfolio assets   104,187   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   104,187
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   13,606   112,297   7,174   3,124   2,312   4,677   165   311   829   5,153   149,648
Derivative financial instruments   222,384   –   6   1   4   14   11   11   86   21   222,538
Financial investments   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   11   3,120   2,784   1,696   2,719   6,080   2,765   7,818   18,659   7,164   52,816
Other financial assets   761   182   56   –   7   –   –   –   –   –   1,006
Total financial assets   531,409   204,154   18,095   10,237   12,200   37,695   28,946   47,748   68,180   154,536   1,113,200
Other
assets a   20,083
Total assets   1,133,283
Liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost   342,967   30,029   7,282   3,672   3,237   3,983   2,053   520   349   746   394,838
Cash collateral and settlement balances   3,542   63,973   5   2   –   –   –   –   –   –   67,522
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   1,331   5,542   –   –   –   3   10,017   1,201   484   –   18,578
Debt securities in issue   26   14,779   5,937   5,159   7,686   6,984   6,248   12,988   15,812   6,667   82,286
Subordinated liabilities   –   306   –   78   45   860   5,156   3,387   6,968   3,759   20,559
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,882   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,882
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   14,280   143,635   6,809   9,051   3,577   10,383   5,689   7,116   4,415   11,879   216,834
Derivative financial instruments   219,578   9   –   –   –   3   3   3   3   44   219,643
Other financial liabilities   277   2,984   –   –   –   554   –   –   –   –   3,815
Total financial liabilities   619,883   261,257   20,033   17,962   14,545   22,770   29,166   25,215   28,031   23,095   1,061,957
Other liabilities   7,547
Total liabilities   1,069,504
Cumulative liquidity gap   (88,474   )   (145,577   )   (147,515   )   (155,240   )   (157,585   )   (142,660   )   (142,880   )   (120,347   )   (80,198   )   51,243   63,779


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 147


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities (audited)
As
at 31 December 2017   On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over
six months but not more than nine months £m   Over
nine months but not more than one year £m   Over
one year but not more than two years £m   Over
two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over
ten years £m   Total £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   170,236   846   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   171,082
Cash collateral and settlement balances   1,794   75,323   32   2   14   3   –   –   –   –   77,168
Loans and advances at amortised cost   13,667   25,720   9,735   5,594   7,733   36,213   26,244   39,446   48,382   111,314   324,048
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   7,522   4,446   578   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   12,546
Trading portfolio assets   113,760   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   113,760
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   14,800   77,288   8,828   4,570   1,252   2,095   160   196   557   6,535   116,281
Derivative financial instruments   237,504   41   –   –   –   71   22   15   1   15   237,669
Financial investments   30   2,378   2,717   97   504   5,675   3,928   16,162   17,059   10,365   58,915
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Other financial assets   2,153   759   –   –   –   110   –   –   –   –   3,022
Total financial assets   561,466   186,801   21,890   10,263   9,503   44,167   30,354   55,819   65,999   128,229   1,114,491
Other
assets a   18,757
Total assets   1,133,248
Liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost   337,881   39,586   8,083   3,820   3,823   2,754   634   1,198   266   656   398,701
Cash collateral and settlement balances   2,047   66,052   16   4   19   4   1   –   –   –   68,143
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   3,550   17,841   4,516   2,136   1,396   310   93   10,006   490   –   40,338
Debt securities in issue   907   17,120   8,395   5,107   1,562   8,136   3,883   12,819   10,983   4,402   73,314
Subordinated liabilities   –   2,402   791   7   23   57   1,959   8,751   5,466   4,370   23,826
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,351   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   13,298   102,860   10,570   5,918   3,139   10,515   7,281   5,879   4,923   9,335   173,718
Derivative financial instruments   237,235   10   3   –   –   10   5   4   41   1,037   238,345
Other financial liabilities   446   3,793   –   –   –   781   –   –   –   –   5,020
Total financial liabilities   632,715   249,664   32,374   16,992   9,962   22,567   13,856   38,657   22,169   19,800   1,058,756
Other liabilities   8,476
Total liabilities   1,067,232
Cumulative liquidity gap   (71,249   )   (134,112   )   (144,596   )   (151,325   )   (151,784   )   (130,184   )   (113,686   )   (96,524   )   (52,694   )   55,735   66,016

Expected maturity dates may differ from the contract dates, to account for:


◾   trading portfolio assets and liabilities and derivative financial instruments, which may not be held
to maturity as part of Barclays Group’s trading strategies


◾   corporate and retail deposits, which are included within deposits at amortised cost, are repayable on
demand or at short notice on a contractual basis. In practice, these instruments form a stable base for Barclays Group’s operations and liquidity needs because of the broad base of customers, both numerically and by depositor type


◾   loans to corporate and retail customers, which are included within loans and advances at amortised
cost and financial assets at fair value, may be repaid earlier in line with terms and conditions of the contract


◾   debt securities in issue, subordinated liabilities, and financial liabilities designated at fair
value, may include early redemption features.


148 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Contractual maturity of financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis


The table below presents the cash flows payable by the Barclays Group under financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturities at the balance
sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows of all financial liabilities (i.e. nominal values).

The balances in the below table do not agree directly to the balances in the consolidated balance sheet as the table incorporates all cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, related to both principal as well as those associated with
all future coupon payments.

Derivative financial instruments held for trading and trading portfolio liabilities are included in the on
demand column at their fair value.


Contractual maturity of financial liabilities – undiscounted
(audited)
On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over six months but not
more than one year £m   Over one year but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over ten years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Deposits at amortised cost   342,967   30,047   7,295   6,924   6,069   546   412   816   395,076
Cash collateral and settlement balances   3,542   63,985   5   2   –   –   –   –   67,534
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   1,331   5,542   –   –   10,238   1,243   486   –   18,840
Debt securities in issue   26   14,810   5,976   12,914   13,849   13,351   17,639   10,254   88,819
Subordinated liabilities   –   306   –   123   6,147   3,568   7,917   4,413   22,474
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,882   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,882
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   14,280   143,766   6,948   12,732   16,546   7,679   5,008   17,621   224,580
Derivative financial instruments   219,578   12   –   –   6   3   4   59   219,662
Other financial liabilities   277   2,984   –   –   554   –   –   –   3,815
Total financial liabilities   619,883   261,452   20,224   32,695   53,409   26,390   31,466   33,163   1,078,682
As at 31 December 2017
Deposits at amortised cost   337,881   39,602   8,087   7,650   3,405   1,200   267   725   398,817
Cash collateral and settlement balances   2,047   66,059   16   24   5   –   –   –   68,151
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   3,550   17,847   4,526   3,557   410   10,259   490   –   40,639
Debt securities in issue   907   17,614   8,565   7,025   13,786   13,928   12,687   6,734   81,246
Subordinated liabilities   –   2,822   1,816   685   5,501   10,232   6,243   6,231   33,530
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,351   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   13,298   102,983   10,609   9,118   18,142   6,177   5,490   12,834   178,651
Derivative financial instruments   237,235   9   3   –   15   5   48   1,755   239,070
Other financial liabilities   446   3,793   –   –   781   –   –   –   5,020
Total financial liabilities   632,715   250,729   33,622   28,059   42,045   41,801   25,225   28,279   1,082,475


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 149


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Maturity of
off-balance
 sheet commitments received and given


The table below presents the maturity split of the Barclays Group’s
off-balance
 sheet commitments
received and given at the balance sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the undiscounted cash flows (i.e. nominal values) on the basis of earliest opportunity at which they are available.


Maturity
analysis of off-balance sheet commitments received (audited)
On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over six months but not more than nine months £m   Over nine months but not more than one year £m   Over one year but not more than two
years £m   Over two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over ten years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Guarantees, letters of credit and credit insurance   6,288   110   20   13   16   65   10   33   10   5   6,570
Other commitments received   93   42   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   135
Total off-balance sheet
commitments received   6,381   152   20   13   16   65   10   33   10   5   6,705
As at 31 December 2017
Guarantees, letters of credit and credit insurance   6,373   5   2   3   1   8   7   5   3   4   6,411
Other commitments received   –   29   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   29
Total off-balance sheet
commitments received   6,373   34   2   3   1   8   7   5   3   4   6,440
Maturity
analysis of off-balance sheet commitments given (audited)
On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over
three months but not more than six months £m   Over
six months but not more than nine months £m   Over
nine months but not more than one year £m   Over one year but not more than two years £m   Over
two years but not more than three years £m   Over
three years but not more than five years £m   Over
five years but not more than ten years £m   Over ten years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Contingent liabilities   16,344   1,102   553   145   170   415   435   641   319   179   20,303
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   70   1,263   325   55   14   11   3   –   –   –   1,741
Standby facilities, credit lines and other
commitments   317,257   1,734   1,311   397   667   311   257   424   19   105   322,482
Total off-balance sheet
commitments given   333,671   4,099   2,189   597   851   737   695   1,065   338   284   344,526
As at 31 December 2017
Contingent liabilities   16,047   1,085   560   92   242   346   80   59   245   256   19,012
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   34   593   147   26   6   5   1   –   –   –   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other
commitments   311,481   1,144   883   77   778   44   47   259   2   46   314,761
Total off-balance sheet
commitments given   327,562   2,822   1,590   195   1,026   395   128   318   247   302   334,585


150 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Capital risk
The risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet
its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans. All disclosures in this section (pages 151-158) are unaudited unless otherwise stated.
Key metrics
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio
13.2%
UK leverage ratio
5.1%
Average UK leverage ratio
4.5%


Overview


The CET1 ratio, among other metrics, is a measure of the capital strength and resilience of Barclays. Maintenance of our capital resources is vital
in order to meet the minimum capital requirements, and to cover the Barclays Group’s current and forecast business needs, and associated risks in order to provide a viable and sustainable business offering.


This section provides an overview of the Barclays Group’s: (i) regulatory minimum capital and leverage requirements; (ii) capital
resources; (iii) risk weighted assets (RWAs); and (iv) leverage ratios and exposures.

Summary of performance in the
period

Barclays continues to be in excess of minimum transitional and fully loaded capital requirements, and regulatory minimum
leverage requirements.

The CET1 ratio ended the year at 13.2% (December 2017: 13.3%), at our end state target of c.13%.


CET1 capital decreased £0.5bn to £41.1bn as underlying profit generation of £4.2bn, was more than offset by £2.1bn of
litigation and conduct charges as the Barclays Group resolved legacy matters, £1.7bn for ordinary dividends and Additional Tier 1 coupons paid and foreseen, £1.0bn from the redemption of capital instruments and £0.5bn of pensions
contributions.

RWAs remained broadly stable at £311.9bn (December 2017: £313.0bn). The Barclays Group continued to actively
manage capital allocation to businesses during the year, including the redeployment of RWAs within CIB to higher returning businesses and clients, while targeting growth in selected consumer businesses in Barclays UK and Consumer, Cards and
Payments. Within Barclays UK, the increase in RWAs included the impact of a change in the regulatory methodology for the Education, Social Housing and Local Authority (ESHLA) portfolio which was partly offset by a reduction in Head Office due to the
regulatory deconsolidation of Barclays Africa Group Limited (BAGL).

The UK leverage ratio remained flat at 5.1%


(December 2017: 5.1%). The leverage exposure increased marginally to £999bn (December 2017: £985bn) including securities financing
transactions (SFTs), due to the CIB utilising leverage balance sheet more efficiently within high returning financing businesses. The average UK leverage ratio decreased to 4.5% (December 2017: 4.9%).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 151


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Regulatory minimum capital requirements

Barclays’ fully loaded CET1 regulatory requirement is 11.7% comprising a 4.5% Pillar 1 minimum, a 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB), a 1.5% Global Systemically Important Institution

(G-SII)
 buffer, a 2.7% Pillar 2A requirement applicable from 1 January 2019, and a 0.5% Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB).


The CCB and the
G-SII
 buffer, determined by the PRA in line with guidance from the Financial Stability Board
(FSB), are subject to phased implementation at 25% per annum from 2016 with full effect from 2019. The CCB has been set at 2.5% with 1.9% applicable for 2018. The
G-SII
 buffer for 2018 has been set at 1.5%
with 1.1% applicable for 2018. The FSB confirmed that the
G-SII
 buffer will remain at 1.5% applicable for 2019 and 2020.


The Barclays CCyB is based on the buffer rate applicable for each jurisdiction in which Barclays has exposures. On 28 November 2018, the
Financial Policy Committee (FPC) increased the CCyB rate for UK exposures from 0.5% to 1%. The buffer rates set by other national authorities for our
non-UK
 exposures are not currently material. Overall, this
results in a 0.5% CCyB for Barclays for Q418.

Barclays’ Pillar 2A requirement as per the PRA’s Individual Capital Requirement
for 2018 is 4.3% of which at least 56.25% needs to be met in CET1 form, equating to approximately 2.4% of RWAs. Certain elements of the Pillar 2A requirement are a fixed quantum whilst others are a proportion of RWAs and are based on a point in time
assessment. The Pillar 2A requirement is subject to at least annual review.

The CET1 transitional minimum capital requirement for
December 2018 was 10.4% comprising a 4.5% Pillar 1 minimum, a 1.9% CCB, a 1.1%
G-SII
 buffer, a 0.5% CCyB and a 2.4% Pillar 2A requirement.


Regulatory minimum leverage requirements

Barclays is subject to a leverage ratio requirement that is implemented on a phased basis, with a transitional requirement of 3.8% as at 31 December 2018; this comprised the 3.25% minimum requirement, a transitional
G-SII
 additional leverage ratio buffer
(G-SII
 ALRB) of 0.39% and a countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) of 0.2%. Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of
T1 capital, 75% of the minimum requirement, equating to 2.4375%, needs to be met with CET1 capital. In addition, the
G-SII
 ALRB and CCLB must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against
the 0.39% transitional
G-SII
 ALRB was £4.4bn and the 0.2% CCLB was £2.2bn. The fully loaded UK leverage requirement is expected to be 4.0%.


Capital resources

The CRR
and Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) implemented Basel III within the EU (collectively known as CRD IV) on 1 January 2014. The rules are supplemented by Regulatory Technical Standards and the PRA’s rulebook, including the
implementation of transitional rules. However, rules and guidance are still subject to change as certain aspects of CRD IV are dependent on final technical standards and clarifications to be issued by the EBA and adopted by the European Commission
and the PRA.


Capital ratios a,b,c
As at 31 December   2018   2017
CET1   13.2%   13.3%
Tier 1 (T1)   17.0%   17.2%
Total regulatory capital   20.7%   21.5%

Notes


a   CET1, T1 and T2 capital, and RWAs are calculated applying the transitional arrangements of the
CRR. This includes IFRS 9 transitional arrangements and the grandfathering of CRR non-compliant capital instruments.


b   The fully loaded CET1 ratio, as is relevant for assessing against the conversion trigger in
Barclays PLC additional tier 1 (AT1) securities, was 12.8%, with £39.8bn of CET1 capital and £311.8bn of RWAs calculated without applying the transitional arrangements of the CRR.


c   The Barclays PLC CET1 ratio, as is relevant for assessing against the conversion trigger in
Barclays Bank PLC T2 Contingent Capital Notes, was 13.2%. For this calculation CET1 capital and RWAs are calculated applying the transitional arrangements under the CRR, including the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements. The benefit of the Financial
Services Authority (FSA) October 2012 interpretation of the transitional provisions, relating to the implementation of CRD IV, expired in December 2017.


152 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Capital resources (audited)
As at 31 December   2018 £bn   2017 £bn
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests per the balance
sheet   62.6   63.9
Less: other equity instruments (recognised as AT1 capital)   (9.6   )   (8.9   )
Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable dividends   (0.7   )   (0.4   )
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions
Additional value adjustments (PVA)   (1.7   )   (1.4   )
Goodwill and intangible assets   (8.0   )   (7.9   )
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding temporary differences   (0.5   )   (0.6   )
Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges   (0.7   )   (1.2   )
Excess of expected losses over impairment   –   (1.2   )
Gains or losses on liabilities at fair value resulting from own credit   (0.1   )   0.1
Defined benefit pension fund assets   (1.3   )   (0.7   )
Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments   (0.1   )   (0.1   )
Adjustment under IFRS 9 transitional arrangements   1.3   –
CET1 capital   41.1   41.6
AT1 capital
Capital instruments and related share premium accounts   9.6   8.9
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries   2.4   3.5
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions   (0.1   )   (0.1   )
AT1 capital   11.9   12.3
T1 capital   53.0   53.9
T2 capital
Capital instruments and related share premium accounts   6.6   6.5
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries   5.3   7.0
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions   (0.3   )   (0.3   )
Total regulatory capital   64.6   67.2


Movement in CET1 capital
2018 £bn
Opening balance as at 1 January   41.6
Effects of changes in accounting policies   (2.2   )
Profit/Loss for the period attributable to equity holders   2.1
Own credit relating to derivative liabilities   (0.1   )
Dividends paid and foreseen   (1.7   )
Increase in retained regulatory capital generated from earnings   0.4
Net impact of share schemes   0.1
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve   (0.5   )
Currency translation reserve   0.8
Other reserves   (1.0   )
Decrease in other qualifying reserves   (0.6   )
Pension remeasurements within reserves   0.3
Defined benefit pension fund asset deduction   (0.6   )
Net impact of pensions   (0.3   )
Additional value adjustments (PVA)   (0.4   )
Goodwill and intangible assets   (0.1   )
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary
differences   0.1
Excess of expected loss over impairment   1.2
Adjustment under IFRS 9 transitional arrangements   1.3
Increase in regulatory capital due to adjustments and
deductions   2.2
Closing balance as at 31 December   41.1


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 153


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


CET1 capital decreased £0.5bn to £41.1bn (December 2017: £41.6bn).


£4.2bn of organic capital generated from profits was more than offset by £2.1bn of litigation and conduct charges, as the Barclays Group
resolved legacy matters, as well as the following significant items:


◾   £1.7bn of dividends paid and foreseen for ordinary dividends and AT1 coupons


◾   A £1bn decrease in other qualifying reserves following the redemption of the legacy $2.65bn
8.125% Series Non-Cumulative Callable Dollar Preference Shares and $2bn 8.25% AT1 securities due to these instruments being held on the balance sheet at historical FX rates


◾   A £0.3bn decrease as a result of movements relating to pensions, largely due to deficit
contribution payments of £0.25bn in April 2018 and £0.25bn in September 2018.

The implementation of IFRS 9
resulted in a net increase in CET1 capital as the initial decrease in shareholders’ equity of £2.2bn on implementation was more than offset by the transitional relief of £1.3bn and the removal of £1.2bn of regulatory deduction
for the excess of expected loss over impairment.

Risk weighted assets


Risk weighted assets (RWAs) by risk type and
business
Credit risk   Counterparty credit risk   Market risk   Operational risk   Total RWAs
As at 31 December 2018   Std £bn   IRB £bn   Std £bn   IRB £bn   Settlement Risk £bn   CVA £bn   Std £bn   IMA £bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays UK   3.3   59.7   0.2   –   –   0.1   0.1   –   11.8   75.2
Barclays International   55.6   67.0   9.9   15.0   0.2   3.3   13.9   16.8   29.0   210.7
Head Office   4.3   5.8   –   –   –   –   –   –   15.9   26.0
Barclays Group   63.2   132.5   10.1   15.0   0.2   3.4   14.0   16.8   56.7   311.9
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   3.8   55.0   –   –   –   –   –   –   12.2   70.9
Barclays International   49.1   69.5   17.0   17.2   0.1   2.8   13.3   13.5   27.7   210.3
Head Office   2.9   9.8   0.1   0.6   –   0.2   0.1   1.4   16.8   31.8
Barclays Group   55.8   134.2   17.1   17.9   0.1   3.0   13.4   14.9   56.7   313.0


Movement analysis of risk weighted assets
Risk weighted assets   Credit risk £bn   Counterparty credit risk a £bn   Market risk £bn   Operational risk £bn   Total RWAs £bn
As at 31 December 2017   190.0   38.0   28.3   56.7   313.0
Book size   6.8   (0.6   )   2.2   –   8.4
Acquisitions and disposals   (3.6   )   (0.3   )   (0.2   )   –   (4.1   )
Book quality   (2.9   )   (0.5   )   –   –   (3.4   )
Model updates   –   –   –   –   –
Methodology and policy   2.2   (7.8   )   0.5   –   (5.1   )
Foreign exchange movement a   3.1   –   –   –   3.1
As at 31 December 2018   195.6   28.8   30.8   56.7   311.9

Note


a Foreign exchange movement does not include FX for modelled counterparty risk or modelled market risk.


RWAs decreased £1.1bn to £311.9bn:


◾   Book size increased RWAs £8.4bn primarily due to increased lending activity within the
Investment Banking and Consumer, Cards & Payments businesses


◾   Acquisitions and disposals decreased RWAs £4.1bn primarily due to the regulatory deconsolidation
of BAGL


◾   Book quality decreased RWAs £3.4bn primarily due to changes in the risk profile in Barclays
International


◾   Methodology and policy decreased RWAs £5.1bn primarily due to an extended regulatory permission
to use the modelled exposure measurement approach


◾   Foreign exchange movements increased RWAs £3.1bn primarily due to appreciation of period end USD
against GBP.


154 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Leverage ratios and exposures

From 1 January 2018, following the end of the transitional period Barclays is required to disclose an average UK leverage ratio which is based on capital on the last day of each month in the quarter and an exposure measure for
each day in the quarter. During the transitional period, the exposure measure was based on the last day of each month in the quarter. Barclays is also required to disclose a UK leverage ratio based on capital and exposure on the last day of the
quarter. Both approaches exclude qualifying claims on central banks from the leverage exposures.


Leverage ratios a,b
As at 31 December   2018 £bn   2017 £bn
UK leverage ratio   5.1%   5.1%
CET1 capital   41.1   41.6
AT1 capital   9.5   8.8
T1 capital c   50.6   50.4
UK leverage exposure   999   985
Average UK leverage ratio   4.5%   4.9%
Average T1 capital c   50.5   51.2
Average UK leverage exposure d   1,110   1,045
UK leverage exposure
As at 31 December   2018 £bn   2017 £bn
Accounting assets
Derivative financial instruments   223   238
Derivative cash collateral   48   53
Securities financing transactions (SFTs)   121   113
Loans and advances and other assets   741   729
Total IFRS assets   1,133   1,133
Regulatory consolidation adjustments   (2   )   8
Derivatives adjustments
Derivatives netting   (202   )   (217   )
Adjustments to cash collateral   (42   )   (42   )
Net written credit protection   19   14
Potential Future Exposure (PFE) on derivatives   123   120
Total derivatives adjustments   (102   )   (125   )
SFTs adjustments   17   19
Regulatory deductions and other adjustments   (11   )   (13   )
Weighted off-balance sheet commitments   108   103
Qualifying central bank claims   (144   )   (140   )
UK leverage exposure b   999   985

Notes


a The fully loaded UK leverage ratio was 4.9%, with £49.3bn of T1 capital and £997bn of leverage
exposure calculated without applying the transitional arrangements of the CRR.

b Capital and leverage
measures are calculated applying the transitional arrangements of the CRR.

c The T1 capital is
calculated in line with the PRA Handbook, which excludes grandfathered AT1 instruments allowed under the CRR.

d The average UK leverage exposure as at 31 December 2017 was calculated based on the last day of each month in the quarter.

The UK leverage ratio remained flat at 5.1% (December 2017: 5.1%). The leverage exposure increased marginally to £999bn (December 2017: £985bn). The leverage exposure movements included:


◾   loans and advances and other assets increased £12bn to £741bn primarily driven by growth
in the UK mortgage portfolio


◾   SFTs increased £8bn to £121bn primarily driven by the CIB utilising leverage balance sheet
more efficiently within high returning financing business


◾   regulatory consolidation adjustments decreased £10bn primarily driven by the regulatory
deconsolidation of BAGL.

The average UK leverage ratio decreased to 4.5% (December 2017: 4.9%) partially driven by the
change to the daily exposure measure. Average UK leverage exposures increased due to higher trading activity in SFTs and trading portfolio assets, as well as a decrease in average Tier 1 capital.


The difference between the average UK leverage ratio and the UK leverage ratio was primarily driven by lower trading portfolio assets, settlement
exposures and SFT exposures at quarter end.

Barclays is required to disclose a CRR leverage ratio. This is included in the additional
Barclays regulatory disclosures, prepared in accordance with European Banking Authority (EBA) guidelines on disclosure requirements under Part Eight of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (see the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2018 (unaudited)), due to
bepublished by 21 February 2019, available at home.barclays/annual report.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 155


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Foreign exchange risk (audited)

The Barclays Group is exposed to two sources of foreign exchange risk.


a) Transactional foreign currency
exposure

Transactional foreign currency exposures represent exposure on banking assets and liabilities, denominated in currencies
other than the functional currency of the transacting entity.

The Barclays Group’s risk management policies prevent the holding of
significant open positions in foreign currencies outside the trading portfolio managed by Barclays International which is monitored through VaR.

Banking book transactional foreign exchange risk outside of Barclays International is monitored on a daily basis by the market risk function and minimised by the businesses.


b) Translational foreign exchange exposure

The Barclays Group’s investments in overseas subsidiaries and branches create capital resources denominated in foreign currencies, principally USD and EUR. Changes in the GBP value of the net investments due to foreign currency
movements are captured in the currency translation reserve, resulting in a movement in CET1 capital.

The Barclays Group’s strategy
is to minimise the volatility of the capital ratios caused by foreign exchange movements, by matching the CET1 capital movements to the revaluation of the Barclays Group’s foreign currency RWA exposures.


Functional currency of operations (audited)
Foreign currency net investments £m   Borrowings which hedge the
net investments £m   Derivatives which hedge the
net investments £m   Structural currency exposures pre- economic hedges £m   Economic hedges £m   Remaining structural currency exposures £m
As at 31 December 2018
USD   28,857   (12,322   )   (2,931   )   13,604   (4,827   )   8,777
EUR   2,672   (3   )   –   2,669   (2,146   )   523
ZAR   5   –   –   5   –   5
JPY   489   –   –   489   –   489
Other   2,021   –   (37   )   1,984   –   1,984
Total   34,044   (12,325   )   (2,968   )   18,751   (6,973   )   11,778
As at 31 December 2017
USD   27,848   (12,404   )   (540   )   14,904   (6,153   )   8,751
EUR   2,489   (3   )   –   2,486   (2,127   )   359
ZAR   8   –   –   8   –   8
JPY   467   (152   )   (301   )   14   –   14
Other   2,475   –   (1,299   )   1,176   –   1,176
Total   33,287   (12,559   )   (2,140   )   18,588   (8,280   )   10,308

The economic hedges primarily represent the USD and EUR preference shares and Additional Tier 1 (AT1) instruments
that are held as equity. These are accounted for at historical cost under IFRS and do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes.


During 2018, total structural currency exposure net of hedging instruments increased by £1.5bn to £11.8n (2017: £10.3bn). Foreign
currency net investments increased by £0.76bn to £34bn (2017: £33.3bn) driven predominantly by a £1bn increase in US Dollars and a £0.2bn increase in Euro offset by a £0.5bn decrease in other currencies. The
hedges associated with these investments increased by £0.6n to £15.3bn (2017: £14.7bn).


156 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Pension risk review

The UK
Retirement Fund (UKRF) represents approximately 97% (2017: 96%) of Barclays Group’s total retirement benefit obligations globally. As such this risk review section focuses exclusively on the UKRF. The UKRF is closed to new entrants and there is
no new final salary benefit being accrued. Existing active members accrue a combination of a cash balance benefit and a defined contribution element. Pension risk arises as the market value of the pension fund assets may decline, investment returns
may reduce or the estimated value of the pension liabilities may increase.

Assets


The Trustee Board of the UKRF defines its overall long-term investment strategy with investments across a broad range of asset classes. This results
in an appropriate mix of return seeking assets as well as liability matching assets to better match future pension obligations. The main market risks within the asset portfolio are interest rates and equities. The split of scheme assets is shown
within Note 33. The fair value of the UKRF assets was £29.0bn as at 31 December 2018 (2017: £30.1bn).

Liabilities


The UKRF retirement benefit obligations are a series of future cash flows with relatively long duration. On an IAS 19 basis these
cash flows are sensitive to changes in the expected long-term price inflation rate (RPI) and the discount rate (AA corporate bond yield):


◾   an increase in long-term expected inflation corresponds to an increase in liabilities;


◾   a decrease in the discount rate corresponds to an increase in liabilities.

Pension risk is generated through Barclays Group’s defined benefit schemes and this risk is set to reduce over
time as the main defined benefit scheme is closed to new entrants. The chart below outlines the shape of the UKRF’s liability cash flow profile as at 31 December 2018 that takes account of the future inflation indexing of payments to
beneficiaries. The majority of the cash flows (approximately 92%) fall between 0 and 40 years, peaking between 11 and 20 years and reducing thereafter. The shape may vary depending on changes to inflation and longevity expectations and any members
who elect to transfer out. Transfers out will bring forward the liability cash flows.

For more detail on the UKRF’s financial and
demographic assumptions see Note 33 to the financial statements.


Proportion of liability cash flows   IAS 19 pension position in 2018

The graph above shows the UKRF’s net IAS 19 pension position at each

month-end
 for the past two years. During 2017 and 2018 the net improvement in the IAS 19 position was largely driven by bank contributions and credit spreads widening. Changes from other market levels, in
particular equity prices and interest rates, were offset by updates to demographic assumptions.

Refer to Note 33 for the sensitivity of
the UKRF to changes in key assumptions.

Risk measurement


In line with Barclays’ risk management framework the assets and liabilities of the UKRF are modelled within a VaR framework to show the
volatility of the pension position at a total portfolio level. This enables the risks, diversification and liability matching characteristics of the UKRF obligations and investments to be adequately captured. VaR is measured and monitored on a
monthly basis. Risks are reviewed and reported regularly at forums including the Board Risk Committee, the Group Risk Committee, the Pensions Management Group and the Pension Executive Board. The VaR model takes into account the valuation of the
liabilities on an IAS 19 basis (see Note 33). The Trustee receives quarterly VaR measures on a funding basis.

The pension liability is
also sensitive to post-retirement mortality assumptions which are reviewed regularly. See Note 33 for more details.

In addition, the
impact of pension risk to Barclays Group is taken into account as part of the stress testing process. Stress testing is performed internally on at least an annual basis. The UKRF exposure is also included as part of regulatory stress tests.


Barclays defined benefit pension schemes affects capital in two ways:


◾   An IAS 19 deficit is treated as a liability on Barclays Group’s balance sheet. Movement in a
deficit due to remeasurements, including actuarial losses, are recognised immediately through Other Comprehensive Income and as such reduces shareholders’ equity and CET1 capital. An IAS 19 surplus is treated as an asset on the balance sheet
and increases shareholders’ equity; however, it is deducted for the purposes of determining CET1 capital.


◾   In Barclays Group’s statutory balance sheet an IAS 19 surplus or deficit is partially offset by a
deferred tax liability or asset respectively. These may or may not be recognised for calculating CET1 capital depending on the overall deferred tax position of Barclays Group at the particular time.


Pension risk is taken into account in the Pillar 2A capital assessment undertaken by the PRA at least annually. The Pillar 2A requirement forms part
of Barclays Group’s overall regulatory minimum requirement for CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 157


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL)


Under the Bank of England’s statement of policy on MREL, the Bank of England will set MREL for UK Global Systemically Important Banks
(G-SIBs)
 as necessary to implement the total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) standard. Institution or group-specific MREL requirements will depend on the preferred resolution strategy for that institution or group.


The MREL requirements will be phased in from 1 January 2019 and will be fully implemented by 1 January 2022, at which time
G-SIBs
 with resolution entities incorporated in the UK, including Barclays, will be required to meet an MREL equivalent to the higher of either: (i) two times the sum of its Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements
or; (ii) the higher of two times its leverage ratio requirement or 6.75% of leverage exposures. However, the PRA will review the MREL calibration by the end of 2020, including assessing the proposal for Pillar 2A recapitalisation which may
drive a different 1 January 2022 MREL requirement than currently proposed. In addition, it is proposed that CET1 capital cannot be counted towards both MREL and the combined buffer requirement (CBR), meaning that the CBR will effectively be
applied above both the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements relating to own funds and MREL.

Barclays’ indicative MREL requirement is
currently expected to be 30.0% of RWAs from 1 January 2022 consisting of the following components:


◾   Loss absorption and recapitalisation amounts consisting of 8% Pillar 1 and 4.7% Pillar 2A buffers
respectively


◾   Regulatory buffers including a 1.5% G-SII buffer, 2.5% CCB and
0.5% from the planned introduction of a 1% CCyB for the UK a .


MREL position and ratios
MREL ratios   2018   2017
CET1 capital b   13.2%   13.3%
Additional tier 1 (AT1) capital instruments and related share premium accounts   3.1%   2.9%
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments and related share premium accounts   2.1%   2.1%
Term senior unsecured funding   9.7%   6.8%
Total Barclays PLC (the Parent company) MREL ratio   28.1%   25.0%
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries c   0.7%   1.1%
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by
subsidiaries c   1.6%   2.2%
Total MREL ratio, including eligible Barclays Bank PLC
instruments   30.5%   28.2%
MREL position   £bn   £bn
CET1 capital b   41.1   41.6
AT1 capital instruments and related share premium accounts   9.6   8.9
T2 capital instruments and related share premium accounts   6.6   6.5
Term senior unsecured funding   30.4   21.2
Total Barclays PLC (the Parent company) MREL position   87.7   78.2
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries c   2.3   3.4
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by
subsidiaries c   5.1   6.8
Total MREL position, including eligible Barclays Bank PLC
instruments   95.1   88.4
Total RWAs   311.9   313.0

Notes


a   2022 requirements subject to Bank of England review by the end of 2020.


b   CET1 capital and RWAs are calculated applying the transitional arrangements of the CRR. This
includes IFRS 9 transitional arrangements and the grandfathering of CRR non-compliant capital instruments.


c   Includes other AT1 capital regulatory adjustments and deductions of £0.1bn (December 2017:
£0.1bn), and other T2 credit risk adjustments and deductions of £0.3bn (December 2017: £0.3bn).


158 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Interest rate risk in the banking
book
The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the
interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities. All disclosures in this section (pages 159 to 161) are unaudited unless otherwise stated.
Key metrics
AEaR
+£213m
across Barclays Group from a positive 100bps shock in interest
rates.


Overview


The
non-traded
 market risk framework covers exposures in the banking book, mostly relating to accrual
accounted and FVOCI instruments. The potential volatility of net interest income is measured by an Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR) metric which is monitored regularly and reported to senior management and the BRC as part of the limit monitoring
framework.

Summary of performance in the period


Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR), is a key measure of interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 159


Risk review


Risk performance

Treasury
and capital risk


Net interest income sensitivity


The table below shows a sensitivity analysis on
pre-tax
 net interest income for
non-trading
 financial assets and financial liabilities, including the effect of any hedging. The sensitivity has been measured using the Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR) methodology. Note that this metric assumes an
instantaneous parallel change to interest rate forward curves. The model floors shocked market rates at zero; changes in Net Interest Income (NII) sensitivity are only observed where forward rates are greater than zero. The main model assumptions
are:
(i) one-year
 time horizon; (ii) balance sheet is held constant; (iii) balances are adjusted for assumed behavioural profiles (i.e. considers that customers may remortgage before the
contractual maturity); and (iv) behavioural assumptions are kept unchanged in all rate scenarios.


Net interest income sensitivity (AEaR) by business
unit abc (audited)
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
+100bps   124   89   213
+25bps   30   23   53
-25bps   (73   )   (35   )   (108   )
As at 31 December 2017
+100bps   45   31   76
+25bps   11   9   20
-25bps   (61   )   (22   )   (83   )

Notes


a   Excludes investment banking business.


b   Excludes Treasury operations, which are driven by the firm’s investments in the liquidity
pool, which are risk managed using value-based risk measures. Treasury’s NII (AEaR) sensitivity to a +25/-25bps move is +£23m / -£29m respectively.


c   Expected fixed rate mortgage pipeline completions in Barclays UK assumed to be consistent with
level and timing of pipeline hedging.

NII asymmetry arises due to the current low level of interest rates. Modelled
NII sensitivity to a -25bps shock to rates has increased year on year as a result of maturity of hedging which provided an offset to the exposure to falling interest rates. Modelled NII sensitivity to +25bps and +100bps shocks to rates also
increased as a result.


Net interest income sensitivity (AEaR) by currency a
2018   2017
As at 31 December   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m
GBP   43   (99   )   12   (76   )
USD   1   (1   )   1   (1   )
EUR   6   (3   )   4   (1   )
Other currencies   3   (5   )   3   (5   )
Total   53   (108   )   20   (83   )
As percentage of net interest income   0.58%   (1.19%   )   0.20%   (0.84%   )

Note


a   Barclays UK and Barclays International sensitivity (excluding Investment Banking business and
Treasury).

Analysis of equity sensitivity


Equity sensitivity table measures the overall impact of a +/- 25bps movement in interest rates on retained earnings, fair value through other
comprehensive income (FVOCI) and cash flow hedge reserves. This data is captured using DV01 metric which is an indicator of the shift in value for a 1 basis point in the yield curve.


Analysis of equity sensitivity (audited)
2018   2017
As at 31 December   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m
Net interest income   53   (108   )   20   (83   )
Taxation effects on the above   (13   )   27   (6   )   25
Effect on profit for the year   40   (81   )   14   (58   )
As percentage of net profit after tax   1.69%   (3.41%   )   (1.57%   )   6.52%
Effect on profit for the year (per above)   40   (81   )   14   (58   )
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve   (143   )   256   (164   )   219
Cash flow hedge reserve   (574   )   544   (616   )   598
Taxation effects on the above   179   (200   )   195   (204   )
Effect on equity   (498   )   519   (571   )   555
As percentage of equity   (0.78%   )   0.81%   (0.87%   )   0.84%


160 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


As discussed in relation to the net interest income sensitivity table on page 160, the increase in impact of a 25bps movement in rates as a result
of maturity of hedging.

Movements in the FVOCI reserve would impact CET1 capital, however the movement in the cash flow hedge reserve
would not impact CET1 capital.

Volatility of the FVOCI portfolio in the liquidity pool


Changes in value of FVOCI exposures flow directly through capital via the FVOCI reserve. The volatility of the value of the FVOCI investments in the
liquidity pool is captured and managed through a value measure rather than an earning measure, i.e. the
non-traded
 market risk VaR.


Although the underlying methodology to calculate the
non-traded
 VaR is identical to the one used in traded
management VaR, the two measures are not directly comparable. The
non-traded
 VaR represents the volatility to capital driven by the FVOCI exposures. These exposures are in the banking book and do not meet the
criteria for trading book treatment.

Non-traded value at risk (£m)


Analysis of volatility of the FVOCI portfolio in the liquidity
pool
2018   2017
For the year ended 31 December   Average £m   High £m   Low £m   Average £m   High £m   Low £m
Non-traded market value at
risk (daily, 95%)   45   61   32   36   50   27

The volatility in the FVOCI portfolio is primarily driven by changes in interest rate risk exposure taken in the
liquid asset buffer.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 161


Risk review


Risk performance


Operational risk


Operational risk The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events (for example fraud) where the
root cause is not due to credit or market risks All disclosures in
this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.
Key metrics
84% of Barclays Group’s net reportable operational risk events had a loss value of £50,000 or less
61% of events by number are due to External Fraud


Overview


Operational risks are inherent in Barclays Group’s business activities and it is not always cost effective or possible to attempt to eliminate
all operational risks. The Operational Risk Management Framework is therefore focused on identifying operational risks, assessing them and managing them within Barclays Group’s approved risk appetite.


The operational risk principal risk comprises the following risks: data management and information, financial reporting, fraud, payments process,
people, physical security, premises, prudential regulation, supplier, tax, technology and transaction operations.

For definitions of
these risks see page 88. In order to provide complete coverage of the potential adverse impacts on Barclays Group arising from operational risk, the operational risk taxonomy extends beyond the risks listed above to cover operational risks
associated with other principal risks too.

This section provides an analysis of Barclays Group’s operational risk profile,
including events above Barclays Group’s reportable threshold, which have had a financial impact in 2018.

Summary of
performance in the period

During 2018, total operational risk losses decreased to £220m (2017: £291m) and the number of
recorded events for 2018 decreased to 1,995 from 2,770 events recorded during the prior year. The total operational risk losses for the year were primarily driven by events falling within the Execution, Delivery and Process Management and External
Fraud categories, which tend to be high volume but low impact events.


162 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Operational risk profile


Within operational risk, a high proportion of risk events have a low financial impact whilst a very small proportion of operational risk events will
have a material impact on the financial results of Barclays Group. In 2018, 84% of Barclays Group’s reportable operational risk events by volume had a value of less than £50,000 (2017: 86%), although this type of event accounted for only
14% (2017: 16%) of Barclays Group’s total net operational risk losses.

The analysis below presents Barclays
Group’s operational risk events by Basel event category:


◾   Execution, Delivery and Process Management impacts decreased to £127m (2017: £216m) and accounted for 58% (2017: 74%) of total operational risk losses. The events in this category are
typical of the banking industry as a whole where high volumes of transactions are processed on a daily basis. Whilst the overall frequency of events in this category increased in 2018 to 31% of total events by volume (2017: 24%), the decrease in
total impacts was due to a lower number of events with high loss values compared to the prior year.


◾   External Fraud remains the category with the highest frequency of events at 61% of total events in 2018, although down from 72% in prior year. In this category, high volume, low value events are
driven by transactional fraud often related to debit and credit card usage.


◾   Business Disruption and System Failures impacts decreased to £13m (2017: £20m), although count of events increased slightly year-on-year to 93 (73 for 2017) accounting for 4.7% of total events by volume in 2018 (2017: 2.6%). The decrease in total impacts was due to a lower number of events with high loss values compared to the
prior year.


◾   Employment Practices and Workplace Safety impacts show a significant increase to £35m (2017: £0.3m) accounting for 16% of total operational risk losses in 2018. This resulted from a low
number of events with significant impacts (three single legacy events relating to closed businesses accounted for 91% of these impacts) although the number of events in this category also increased to 48 for 2018 (11 for 2017).


Barclays Group’s operational risk profile is informed by

bottom-up
 risk assessments undertaken by each business unit and
top-down
 qualitative review by the Operational Risk specialists for each risk type. Fraud, Transaction
Operations and Technology continue to be highlighted as key operational risk exposures. The operational risk profile is also informed by a number of risk themes: Cyber, Data, Execution and Resilience. These represent threats to Barclays Group that
extend across multiple risk types, and therefore require an integrated risk management approach.

Investment continues to be made in
improving the control environment across Barclays Group. Particular areas of focus include new and enhanced fraud prevention systems and tools to combat the increasing level of fraud attempts being made and to minimise any disruption to genuine
transactions. Fraud remains an industry wide threat and Barclays Group continues to work closely with external partners on various prevention initiatives. Technology, resilience and cyber security risks evolve rapidly so Barclays Group maintains
continued focus and investment in our control environment to manage these risks, and actively partners with peers and relevant organisations to understand and disrupt threats originating outside Barclays Group.


Cyber threats, which are evolving and increasing in sophistication and frequency, continue to be a threat across multiple industries globally.
Barclays Group recognizes the potential impact of cyber security threats on all areas of its business. This extends to third party suppliers and service providers which also presents a potential source of cyber security threats, leading to the need
for increased scrutiny of Barclays Group’s relationships with third parties. The potential impact of cyber security threats includes the potential for operational disruption, reputational harm, and costs associated with possible litigation,
regulatory investigation, and remediation. The Regulators in Europe and the US have been increasingly focused on cyber security risk management and operational resilience for banking organisations given the complexity of the transactions they
process, the number of jurisdictions in which they operate, and the quantities of sensitive data they hold and process. This has resulted in a number of proposed laws, regulations and other


requirements that necessitate implementation of a variety of increased controls and enhancement
activities for regulated Barclays Group entities. These include, among others, the adoption of cyber security policies and procedures meeting specified criteria, minimum required security measures, controls and procedures for enhanced reporting and
public disclosures, compliance certification requirements, and other cyber and information risk governance measures. Further to this, Barclays Group continues to use an intelligence-driven defence approach, analysing external events for current and
emerging cyber threats which allows the delivery of proactive counter measures; Barclays Group also completes cyber threat scenarios and incident playbooks to assess our security posture and business impacts and runs an internal adversarial
capability which simulates hackers to proactively test controls and responses. The increased control environment has enhanced and will continue to enhance our security posture and our ability to better protect the organisation and our customers.
Cyber-attacks however are increasingly sophisticated and there can be no assurance that the measures implemented will be fully effective to prevent or mitigate future attacks, the consequences of which could be significant to Barclays Group.
Furthermore, such measures have resulted and will result in increased technology and other costs in connection with cyber security mitigation and compliance for Barclays Group. Barclays Group currently incurs an additional cost in mitigating its
cyber risk via insurance.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 163


Risk review


Risk performance


Operational risk


Note


a   The data disclosed includes operational risk losses for reportable events (excluding BAGL) having
impact of > £10,000 and excludes events that are conduct or legal risk, aggregate and boundary events. A boundary event is an operational risk event that results in a credit risk impact. Due to the nature of risk events that keep evolving,
prior year losses are updated.


164 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Risk performance

Model
risk


Model risk
The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based
on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview


Model risk is a focus area for management and the Barclays Group Board. It is an important component of regulators’ assessment of
Barclays’ risk management capabilities. Models are used to support a broad range of business and risk management activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risks, valuing exposures, conducting
stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, supporting new business acceptance and risk/reward evaluation, managing client assets, or meeting reporting requirements.


Summary of performance in the period

The principal risk framework for model risk was established in 2016. In 2017, the framework was enhanced and governance and controls capabilities were established. In 2018 the framework was embedded further in the organisation and
governance was improved by:


◾   strengthening of the Barclays Group-wide Model Risk Management (MRM) framework, policy and associated standards, validation templates and procedures;


◾   broadening governance of models to include qualitative estimation approaches called ‘non-modelled methods’, which cover material decision making
and financial and regulatory reporting functions of Barclays Group, such as the primary stress testing programmes and impairment estimations;


◾   enhancement of Board oversight of model risk, through the reporting of the model risk tolerance framework and periodic updates to the Board on the progress of the MRM implementation;


◾   improved collection and attestation of Barclays Group’s global inventory of models;


◾   reporting metrics on policy adherence and breaches;


◾   enhancement of model development and model identification processes, with the areas of model ownership throughout Barclays Group embedding and improving their own model control functions.

In addition to the governance outlined above, which details how new models are validated and existing models are
internally controlled and assessed, models have been classified based on their materiality (the level of reliance placed on the model output for decision making or reporting), and their complexity. A strengthened programme of review and validation
for such material models commenced during 2017 and has made significant progress in 2018. In 2019 through to 2020, model risk governance will continue with the programme of model documentation and reviews, targeting prioritised models across
Barclays Group as well as focusing on performance monitoring of models already brought into governance to assess compliance with the framework.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 165


Risk review


Risk performance

Conduct
risk


Conduct risk
The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or
Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview


Barclays strives to create and maintain mutually beneficial long-term relationships with its customers and clients. This means taking appropriate
steps to understand their needs and providing them with products and services that meet those needs appropriately and help them manage their financial affairs.


As a transatlantic consumer, corporate and investment bank, Barclays also plays a critical role in promoting fair, open and transparent markets, as
well as fostering shared growth for all.

Summary of performance in the period


Barclays is committed to continuing to drive the right culture throughout all levels of the organisation. Barclays will continue to enhance
effective management of conduct risk and appropriately consider the relevant tools, governance and management information in decision-making processes. Focus on management of conduct risk is ongoing and amongst other relevant business and control
management information the Barclays Group Conduct Dashboards are a key component of this.

Barclays Group continues to review the role
and impact of conduct issues in the remuneration process at both the individual and business level.

Businesses have continued to assess
the potential customer, client and market impacts of strategic change and structural reform. As part of the 2018 Medium-Term Planning Process, material conduct risks associated with strategic and financial plans were assessed.


Throughout 2018, conduct risks were raised by businesses for consideration by the Board Reputation Committee. The Committee reviewed the risks
raised and whether management’s proposed actions were appropriate to mitigate the risks effectively. The Board Reputation Committee received regular updates with regards to key risks and issues including those relating to structural reform and
regulatory change.


Although certain legacy litigation and conduct issues have been resolved, the Barclays Group
continued to incur costs in relation to litigation and conduct matters, refer to Note 27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters and Note 25 Provisions, for further details. Costs include customer redress and remediation, as well as fines and
settlements. Resolution of these matters remains a necessary and important part of delivering Barclays Group’s strategy and an ongoing commitment to improve oversight of culture and conduct.


The Board Reputation Committee and Senior Management received Barclays Group Conduct Dashboards setting out key indicators in relation to conduct,
financial crime, culture, citizenship and complaints. These continue to be evolved and enhanced to allow effective oversight and decision-making. Barclays has operated at the overall set tolerance for conduct risk throughout 2018. The tolerance is
assessed by the business through Key Indicators which are aggregated and provide an overall rating which is reported to the Board Reputation Committee as part of the Conduct Dashboard.


Barclays remained focused on the continuous improvements being made to manage risk effectively, with an emphasis on enhancing governance and
management information to help identify risks at earlier stages.


166 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Risk performance


Reputation risk


The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the
firm’s integrity and competence by clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview


Reputation risk may arise from any business decision or activity. It may also arise as a result of issues and incidents relevant to other principal
risks, in particular other
non-financial
 risks e.g. conduct or operational risk. Reputation risks and issues are identified via regular information gathering from within the business and from external
stakeholders. Some risks and issues are specific to Barclays Group, while others are also relevant to the banking sector more generally.


Barclays has set tolerances for reputation risk, which take into account the risks arising from specific events or decisions and longer-term
strategic themes. The primary responsibility for managing reputation risk lies with each business and function, where there are processes in place to identify, assess and manage reputation risks and issues.


There are circumstances, however, where it is necessary to escalate to Barclays Group level the evaluation of the reputation risk associated with
particular decisions beyond an individual, business or function. The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of reputation risk.


Summary of performance in the period

Barclays is committed to identifying reputation risks and issues as early as possible and managing them appropriately. At a Barclays Group level throughout 2018, reputation risks and issues were overseen by the Board Reputation
Committee (RepCo), which reviews the processes and policies by which Barclays identifies and manages reputation risk. Within Barclays Bank UK Group and Barclays Bank Group oversight of reputation risks and issues was overseen by the respective Risk
and Board Risk committees. The top live and emerging reputation risks and issues within Barclays Bank UK Group and Barclays Bank Group are included within an over-arching quarterly report to RepCo.


RepCo reviewed risks escalated by the businesses and considered whether management’s proposed
actions, for example attaching conditions to proposed client transactions or increased engagement with impacted stakeholders, were appropriate to mitigate the risks effectively. RepCo also received regular updates with regard to key reputation risks
and issues, including: legacy conduct issues; Barclays’ association with sensitive sectors; cyber and data security; consumer and household debt; fraud and scams that could impact Barclays customers and the resilience of key Barclays systems
and processes.

Barclays Group continued to incur significant costs in relation to litigation and conduct matters, refer to Note 27
Legal, competition and regulatory matters and Note 25 Provisions for further details. Costs include customer redress and remediation, as well as fines and settlements. Resolution of these matters remains a necessary and important part of delivering
Barclays Group’s strategy and an ongoing commitment to improve oversight of culture and conduct and management of reputation.

In
2018, the central reputation management team received 486 referrals from across the businesses (581 referrals in 2017) for consideration. These referrals covered a variety of sectors including, but not limited to, defence, fossil fuels and mining.


As part of Barclays 2018 Medium Term Planning process, material reputation risks associated with strategic and financial plans were also
assessed.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 167


Risk review


Risk performance

Legal
risk


Legal risk
The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm
to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview


Barclays conducts diverse activities in a highly regulated global market and therefore is exposed to the risk of loss or imposition of penalties,
damages, fines and sanctions relating to a failure to meet its legal obligations in the conduct of its business. Legal risk encompasses the failure of Barclays to appropriately seek legal advice, escalate or manage contractual arrangements,
litigation, intellectual property, competition/anti-trust issues, its use of law firms and its contact with regulators. Barclays has limited tolerance for legal risk, however the multitude of laws and regulations across the globe are highly dynamic
and their application to particular circumstances is often unclear. A Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF) includes Group-wide requirements covering how legal risks are identified, managed and measured to support effective management of legal
risk.


Summary of performance in the period


In 2018, Barclays remained focused on continuous improvements to manage legal risk effectively, with an emphasis on enhancing and establishing
processes to help identify risks at earlier stages and escalate as appropriate.

This is supported by the LRMF, which was reviewed and
enhanced to clarify Group-wide requirements relating to the identification, management and measurement of legal risk. The LRMF is supported by legal risk policies and associated standards covering areas of identified legal risk and mandatory minimum
control requirements. An additional legal risk policy has been created and implemented in relation to the engagement of the Legal Function with respect to key business decisions. For further information on the legal risk policies, see legal risk
management on page 102. Refreshed legal risk mandatory training was also implemented across Barclays, reinforced by ongoing engagement and education of Barclays businesses and functions.


The Legal Function organisation and coverage model aligns expertise to businesses, functions, products, activities and geographic locations. It
continues to provide legal support, oversight, monitoring and challenge across the organisation, including advising on appropriate identification, management and escalation of legal risk. The Legal Executive Committee continues to oversee, monitor
and challenge legal risk across Barclays.


168 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Supervision and regulation


Supervision of Barclays Group


Barclays Group’s operations, including its overseas branches, subsidiaries and associates, are subject to a large number of rules and
regulations that are a condition for authorisations to conduct banking and financial services business in each of the jurisdictions in which Barclays Group operates. These apply to business operations, impact financial returns and include capital,
leverage and liquidity requirements, authorisation, registration and reporting requirements, restrictions on certain activities, conduct of business regulations and many others. These requirements are set in legislation and by the relevant central
banks and regulatory authorities that authorise, regulate and supervise Barclays Group in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Often, the requirements may reflect global standards developed by international bodies such as the G20, the Financial
Stability Board (FSB), the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS), and the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (lOSCO). Various bodies, such as central banks and self-regulatory organisations (SROs), also create voluntary
Codes of Conduct which affect the way Barclays Group does business.

Regulatory developments impact Barclays Group globally. We focus
particularly on EU, UK and US regulation due to the location of Barclays Group’s principal areas of business. Regulations elsewhere may also have a significant impact on Barclays Group due to the location of its branches, subsidiaries and, in
some cases, clients. For more information on the risks related to the supervision and regulation of Barclays Group, including regulatory change, see the Risk Factor entitled ‘Regulatory Change agenda and impact on Business Model’ on page
86.

Supervision in the UK and EU

Financial regulation in the UK is to a significant degree shaped and influenced by EU legislation. This provides the structure of the European Single Market, an important feature of which is the framework for the regulation of
authorised firms in the EU. This framework is designed to enable a credit institution or investment firm authorised in one EU member state to conduct banking or investment business in another member state through the establishment of branches or by
the provision of services on a cross-border basis without the need for local authorisation. Barclays Group’s operations in Europe are authorised and regulated by a combination of both home and host regulators. The impact of the UK’s
departure from the EU in this respect and, more broadly, its impact on the UK domestic regulatory framework, is yet to be finally determined. In the UK, the Bank of England (BoE) has responsibility for monitoring the UK financial system as a whole,
including by way of conducting annual stress tests on UK banks. The
day-to-day
 regulation and supervision of Barclays Group is divided between the Prudential Regulation
Authority (PRA) (a division of the BoE) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).


In addition, the Financial Policy Committee (FPC) of the BoE has influence on the prudential
requirements that may be imposed on the banking system through its powers of direction and recommendation.

Barclays Bank PLC and
Barclays Bank UK PLC are authorised and subject to prudential supervision by the PRA and subject to conduct regulation and supervision by the FCA. Barclays Group is also subject to prudential supervision by the PRA on a group consolidated basis.
Barclays Services Limited is an appointed representative of Barclays Bank PLC and Clydesdale Financial Services Limited (the principals). This status enables Barclays Services Limited to undertake activities which would otherwise require
authorisation, with the principals assuming regulatory responsibility for the conduct of Barclays Services Limited as their appointed representative.

Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is licensed as a credit institution by the Central Bank of Ireland and has recently been designated as a significant institution falling under direct supervision on a solo basis by the European Central Bank
(ECB) from 1 January 2019. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC has recently acquired an extension of its current licence to support Barclays Group’s ability to provide services to EU clients after Brexit. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC’s German
branch is supervised by the ECB as part of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and is also subject to direct supervision for local conduct purposes by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFIN) in accordance with EU credit institution branch
passporting rules. It is expected that all the remaining EU branches of Barclays Bank PLC will have been transferred to Barclays Bank Ireland PLC by the end of Q1 2019 and will, following such transfer, be supervised by the ECB as part of Barclays
Bank Ireland PLC and also be subject to direct supervision for local conduct purposes in accordance with EU credit institution branch passporting rules, by national supervisory authorities in the jurisdiction where they are established. Barclays
Group is also subject to regulatory initiatives undertaken by the UK Payment Systems Regulator (PSR), as a participant in payment systems regulated by the PSR.


In its role as supervisor, the PRA seeks to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions with the aim of strengthening, but not
guaranteeing, the protection of customers and the financial system. The PRA’s continuing supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the collection of information by way of prudential
returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular meetings with management and
non-executive
 directors to discuss issues such as strategy, operational resilience, risk management, and
recovery and resolution.

The regulation and supervision of market conduct matters is the responsibility of the FCA. The FCA’s
regulation of the UK firms in Barclays Group is carried out through a


combination of proactive engagement, regular thematic work and project work based on the FCA’s sector assessments, which analyse the different areas of the market and the risks that may lie
ahead.

Both the PRA and the FCA have continued to develop and apply a more
pre-emptive
 approach
to supervision and the application of existing standards. This may include the application of standards that either anticipate or go beyond requirements established by global or EU standards, whether in relation to capital, leverage and liquidity,
resolvability and resolution or matters of conduct.

The FCA has retained an approach to enforcement based on credible deterrence that
has seen significant growth in the size of regulatory fines. The approach appears to be trending towards a more US model of enforcement including vigorous enforcement of criminal and regulatory breaches, heightened fines and proposed measures
related to increased corporate criminal liability.

The FCA has focused strongly on conduct risk and on customer outcomes and will
continue to do so. This has included a focus on the design and operation of products, the behaviour of customers and the operation of markets. Recently, the FCA has increased its focus on fair pricing in financial services. The FCA is also reviewing
whether vulnerable customers pay more for financial services products. These initiatives may affect both the incidence of conduct costs and increase the cost of remediation.


The FCA and the PRA have also increasingly focused on individual accountability within firms. This focus is reflected in the Senior Managers and
Certification Regime (the SMCR) which came into force in 2016. The SMCR, which implements the recommendations in the final report of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards relating to individual accountability in banks, imposes a
regulatory approval, accountability and fitness and propriety framework in respect of senior or key individuals within relevant firms.


The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has played an active role in recent years in investigating and prosecuting complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
If, as a result of an investigation, the SFO determines that it has sufficient evidence to support a realistic prospect of conviction, and to prosecute would be in the public interest, the SFO may bring forward a prosecution. Alternatively, the SFO
may consider using a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA). DPAs, which were introduced in February 2014, are judicially supervised agreements between the SFO and organisations that could be prosecuted whereby the SFO suspends prosecution while the
organisation in question complies with conditions imposed on it by the DPA, such as the payment of fines.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 169


Risk review


Supervision and regulation


Supervision in the US


Barclays Group’s US activities and operations are subject to umbrella supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(FRB), as well as additional supervision, requirements and restrictions imposed by other federal and state regulators and SROs. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and their US branches and subsidiaries are subject to a comprehensive regulatory
framework involving numerous statutes, rules and regulations, including the International Banking Act of 1978, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act), the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the Commodity Exchange Act, the federal securities laws, and
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (DFA), which comprehensively amended the regulation of financial institutions in the US in response to the financial crisis, including by amending the other aforementioned
statutes. In some cases, US requirements may impose restrictions on Barclays Group’s global activities in addition to its activities in the US.

Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, along with Barclays US LLC (BUSL), Barclays Group’s
top-tier
 US holding company that holds substantially all of Barclays Group’s US subsidiaries
(including Barclays Capital Inc. and Barclays Bank Delaware), are regulated as bank holding companies (BHCs) by the FRB. BUSL is subject to requirements that are similar to those applicable to large US domestic bank holding companies, including in
respect of capital adequacy, capital planning and stress testing (including FRB
non-objection
 to proposed capital distributions), risk management and governance, liquidity, leverage limits and financial
regulatory reporting. Barclays Bank PLC’s US branches are also subject to enhanced prudential supervision requirements relating to, among others, liquidity and risk management.


Because the BHC Act generally restricts the activities of BHCs to banking and activities closely related to banking, Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC
and BUSL have elected to be treated as financial holding companies under the BHC Act. Financial holding company status allows these entities to engage in a variety of financial and related activities, directly or through subsidiaries, including
underwriting, dealing and market making in securities. Failure to maintain financial holding company status could result in increasingly stringent penalties and ultimately, in the closure or cessation of certain operations in the US. To qualify as a
financial holding company, Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, as foreign banking organisations and BHCs, and BUSL, as a BHC, must maintain certain regulatory capital ratios above minimum requirements and must be deemed to be ‘well
managed’ for US bank regulatory purposes. In addition, any US depository institution subsidiaries of the foreign banking organisation or BHC must also maintain certain regulatory capital ratios above minimum requirements and be deemed


to be ‘well managed’ and must have at least a ‘satisfactory’ rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977.


In addition to umbrella oversight by the FRB (and applicable Federal Reserve Banks), certain of Barclays Group’s branches and subsidiaries are
regulated by additional authorities based on the location or activities of those entities. The New York and Florida branches of Barclays Bank PLC are subject to extensive supervision and regulation by, as applicable, the New York State Department of
Financial Services (NYSDFS) and the Florida Office of Financial Regulation. Barclays Bank Delaware, a Delaware chartered commercial bank, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Delaware Office of the State Bank Commissioner. The deposits of
Barclays Bank Delaware are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which also provides for FDIC supervisory authority over Barclays Bank Delaware and requires that Barclays PLC,
Barclays Bank PLC and BUSL act as a source of strength for the insured bank. This could, among other things, require these entities to inject capital into Barclays Bank Delaware if it fails to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements.


Barclays Group’s US securities broker/dealer and investment banking operations, primarily conducted through Barclays Capital Inc.,
are also subject to ongoing supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and other government agencies and SROs as part of a comprehensive scheme of regulation of all
aspects of the securities and commodities business under US federal and state securities laws.

Similarly, Barclays Group’s US
commodity futures, commodity options and swaps-related and client clearing operations are subject to ongoing supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the National Futures Association and other SROs. Barclays
Bank PLC is also prudentially regulated as a swaps dealer and is subject to the FRB swaps rules with respect to margin and capital requirements.

Barclays Group’s US retail and consumer activities, including the US credit card operations of Barclays Bank Delaware, are subject to direct supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). The
CFPB has the authority to examine and take enforcement action related to compliance with federal laws and regulations regarding the provision of consumer financial services and the prohibition of ‘unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and
practices’.

Supervision in Asia Pacific


Barclays Group’s operations in Asia Pacific are supervised and regulated by a broad range of national regulators including: the Japan Financial
Services Agency, the Bank of Japan,


the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, the Monetary
Authority of Singapore, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the People’s Bank of China, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People’s Republic of China and the China Banking and Insurance
Regulatory Commission. Such supervision and regulation extends to activities conducted through branches of Barclays Bank PLC in the Asia Pacific region as well as subsidiaries of Barclays Group as applicable.


Global regulatory developments

Regulatory change continues to affect all large financial institutions. Such change emanates from global institutions such as the G20, FSB, BCBS and IOSCO, the EU regionally, and national regulators, especially in the UK and US. The
level of regulatory and supervisory uncertainty faced by Barclays Group, and the financial markets more broadly, continues to remain elevated in our primary markets. In the EU, the legislative and regulatory bodies have been implementing, and
continue to propose, multiple financial regulatory reforms.

There remains much uncertainty regarding the state of the future
relationship between the UK and the EU and therefore the potential impact of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU on the financial regulatory framework in the UK. There are several possible outcomes.


First, the UK could leave the EU with no deal or arrangement covering financial services in place. At the time of writing, this will happen on
29 March 2019. Under such a scenario, with no ability to passport, and no third country “equivalence”-based recognition in place, Barclays Group entities in the UK would no longer be able to provide certain of their services from the
UK into the EU27 in the way in which these services are currently provided. As a result of the onshoring of EU legislation in the UK, UK firms would (at least initially) be subject to substantially the same rules and regulations as before Brexit,
albeit with EU entities, exposures and assets ceasing to enjoy preferential treatment under the UK’s financial regulatory framework (including for capital and liquidity purposes), given that the EU will become a third country for the purposes
of such framework. The UK regulators have indicated that they will mitigate the impact of the removal of preferential treatment by providing transitional relief for a period of up to two years during which preferential treatment will continue to
apply. The UK may seek to make changes to these rules going forward, particularly in the event of “no deal”, where they are not subject to any requirements to maintain particular rules or standards for equivalence purposes.


Secondly, the UK and EU could agree a deal. This could either take the form of a general withdrawal agreement (such as the draft Withdrawal
Agreement that Parliament voted against on 15 January 2019) or could be a series of specific bilateral agreements or unilateral measures on financial services topics to facilitate continued provision of


170 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


services to and from the UK. In either case, such a deal would likely permit the provision of certain
services between the UK and the EU. In this scenario, firms incorporated and authorised in the UK would be able to continue to provide services into the EU27, and firms incorporated and authorised in the EU27 would be able to continue to provide
services into the UK in accordance with the terms of such agreement. UK firms would again be subject to substantially the same rules and regulations as before Brexit as a result of the onshoring of EU legislation in the UK. There would likely be
less scope for regulatory change in the UK as continued access to the EU27 would depend on the UK maintaining equivalence with the EU (and vice versa) and other constraints as may be agreed in such an agreement.


Thirdly, the UK could decide to delay its withdrawal. This would require the unanimous consent of all other EU member states. In this scenario, UK
firms would continue to be subject to EU27 law and services could continue to be provided between the UK and EU on the basis of the existing passporting arrangements until such time as the UK finally withdraws from the EU – in which case one of
the two scenarios described above will apply – unless it revokes its intention to do so.

Finally, the UK could decide to revoke its
intention to withdraw from the EU. This would likely only happen for the purposes of holding a second referendum, if a delay is not agreed to unanimously by the EU member states. In this scenario, the status quo in relation to the financial
regulatory framework would prevail until the result of that referendum was known and action taken to implement such result.

In the US,
the financial regulatory environment continues to evolve due to political developments and the ongoing implementation of regulations arising from the DFA and recent amendments to the DFA. Furthermore, the application of various regional rules on a
cross-border basis increases regulatory complexity for global financial institutions. For more information, see the Risk Factor entitled ‘Regulatory Change agenda and impact on Business Model’ on page 86.


The programme of reform of the global regulatory framework previously agreed by the G20 Heads of Government in April 2009 has continued to be taken
forward throughout 2018. The G20 continues to monitor emerging risks and vulnerabilities in the financial system and has stated that it will take action to address them if necessary.


The FSB has been designated by the G20 as the body responsible for
co-ordinating
 the delivery of the global
reform programme in relation to the financial services industry. It has focused particularly on the risks posed by systemically important financial institutions. In


2011, the G20 Heads of Government adopted FSB proposals to reform the regulation of global systemically important financial institutions
(G-SIFIs),
 including global systemically important banks
(G-SIBs),
 such


as Barclays Group. In December 2017, the BCBS finalised ‘Basel III’ (the BCBS international
regulatory framework for banks), with the majority of the December 2017 changes expected to be implemented by 1 January 2022, including by regulators in many jurisdictions where Barclays Group operates. Various other measures have been agreed
at FSB and BCBS level on capital, including those relating to recovery and resolution planning of CCPs, the identification and management of
step-in
 risk, and TLAC (discussed in detail below).


In December 2018, the Council of the EU and the European Parliament announced they had reached a provisional political agreement on the proposed
Risk Reduction Measures package, which includes the CRD V Directive and CRR II Regulation and will transpose many of the Basel III measures into EU law.

Financial regulatory framework

Financial services regulation can broadly be categorised as follows:
(a) prudential regulation, which aims to promote safety and soundness of financial institutions and reduce risk in the financial system; (b) recovery and resolution, a key aspect of which is to ensure that

G-SIFIs
 are capable of being resolved without recourse to taxpayer support and minimising market disruption; (c) structural reform and the Volcker rule, aimed at structurally separating certain wholesale
activities (such as proprietary trading) from retail-focused activities (such as taking retail deposits); (d) market infrastructure regulation, aimed at enhancing client protection, financial stability and market integrity; and (e) conduct,
culture and other regulation, which includes regulatory initiatives designed to pursue any other aims not falling within the previous categories (such as improving standards of conduct within financial services firms, ensuring the right culture in
firms, and protecting personal data).

(a) Prudential regulation


Certain Basel III standards were implemented in EU law through the Capital Requirements Directive IV (CRD IV), which came into effect in 2014 and
included new or enhanced requirements for the quality and quantity of capital, liquidity and leverage. Beyond the minimum standards required by CRD IV, the PRA has expected Barclays Group, in common with other major UK banks and building societies,
to meet a 7% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio at the level of the consolidated group since 1 January 2016.

G-SIBs
 are subject to a number of additional prudential requirements, including the requirement to hold additional loss-absorbing capacity and additional capital buffers above the level required by Basel III
standards. The level of the
G-SIB
 buffer is set by the FSB according to a bank’s systemic importance and can range from 1% to 3.5% of risk-weighted assets. The

G-SIB
 buffer must be met with common equity.

In November 2018, the FSB published an update to
its list of
G-SIBs,
 maintaining the 1.5%
G-SIB
 buffer that applies to Barclays


Group. The additional
G-SIB
 buffer was subject to
phase-in
 arrangements, with 50% of the buffer requirement
applying in 2017, 75% in 2018 and 100% in January 2019. Barclays Group is also subject to, among other buffers, a countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) based on rates determined by the regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction in which Barclays
Group maintains exposures. These rates may vary in either direction. On 27 June 2017, the FPC raised the UK CCyB rate from 0% to 0.5% with binding effect from 27 June 2018. In November 2017, the FPC raised the UK CCyB rate from 0.5% to 1%
with binding effect from 28 November 2018.

The FPC has a framework for determining a systemic risk buffer at rates between 0% and
3% of risk-weighted assets for ring-fenced bodies and large building societies (SRB firms). The systemic risk buffer is a firm-specific buffer, that is designed to increase the capacity of SRB firms to absorb stress, and which must be met solely
with CET1. The framework has applied from 1 January 2019. In the UK, the PRA has implemented the systemic risk buffer framework and requires ring-fenced banks whose groups are already required to meet the requirements under the leverage ratio
framework on a consolidated basis, such as Barclays Bank UK PLC, to also meet the requirements on a
sub-consolidated
 basis. The PRA has also recently announced that the systemic risk buffer will be
incorporated in the calculation of banks’ stress test hurdle rates, which are the target capital ratios set by the regulator, with a view to capturing domestic systemic importance as well as global systemic importance.


Final BCBS standards on securitisation have been implemented under EU law from 1 January 2019, with a

one-year
 grandfathering period for existing transactions. Final BCBS standards on counterparty credit risk, leverage, large exposures and a Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) are being implemented under EU law
via the Risk Reduction Measures package. The Risk Reduction Measures package also requires certain credit institutions or investment firms established in the EU with a common parent undertaking established outside the EU to establish an intermediate
parent undertaking, authorised and established in, and subject to the supervision of, an EU member state.

The BCBS’s finalisation
of Basel III, noted above, among other things, eliminated model-based approaches for certain categories of risk-weighted assets (RWAs), (for example, operational risk RWAs, CVA volatility and credit risk RWAs for equity exposures), revised the
standardised approach’s risk weights for a variety of exposure categories, replaced the four current approaches for operational risk (including the advanced measurement approach) with a single standardised measurement approach, established
72.5% of standardised approach RWAs for exposure categories as a floor for RWAs calculated under advanced approaches (referred to as the ‘output floor’), and for


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 171


Risk review


Supervision and regulation


G-SIBs
 introduced a leverage ratio buffer in an amount equal
to 50% of the applicable
G-SIB
 buffer used for RWA purposes (meaning, for Barclays Group, a leverage ratio buffer of 0.75%). The majority of the final Basel III changes are expected to be implemented
commencing 1 January 2022, with a five-year
phase-in
 period for the output floor. The new market risk framework, including rules made as a result of the ‘fundamental review of the trading book’,
is also expected to be implemented from 1 January 2022 (with a potential transitional period until 1 January 2023), following a recalibration of the requirements agreed in January 2019. Precise implementation details will be confirmed once
the finalised Basel III requirements are transposed into national and EU law in the jurisdictions where Barclays Group operates.

IFRS 9
(an accounting standard that covers accounting for financial instruments) came into force under EU law on 1 January 2018. A separate EU regulation has provided transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9,
largely in relation to CET1 capital arising from the expected credit loss accounting measures set out in IFRS 9. The BCBS is continuing to assess whether permanent changes to the recognition of expected credit loss provisions in regulatory capital
are necessary, as well as any corresponding changes to the risk-weighting framework.

In the US, BUSL and Barclays Bank PLC’s US
branches are subject to enhanced prudential supervision requirements as required by the DFA and described above in ‘Supervision in the US’.

In addition to prudential regulations already promulgated under the DFA, the FRB has issued proposed regulations for NSFR implementation. The NSFR, as originally proposed by the FRB and other US regulatory agencies, would have
applied to US bank holding companies with more than $250bn in total assets or $10bn or more in
on-balance
 sheet foreign exposures, including BUSL, and consolidated depositary institution subsidiaries of such
banking organisations with more than $10bn in assets, including Barclays Bank Delaware. Under the proposed rule, such entities would be required to maintain a minimum level of available stable funding that equals or exceeds the amount of required
stable funding over a
one-year
 period. In October 2018, the FRB and other US regulatory agencies released proposals to tailor the applicability of prudential requirements, including the proposed NSFR, for
large domestic US banking organisations. The FRB has stated that it is working to develop a separate proposal relating to the application of prudential requirements to foreign banks, including Barclays Group. Although the NSFR proposal provided for
an effective date of 1 January 2018, the FRB has not finalised its NSFR proposal and the schedule for finalisation is uncertain.


In June 2018, the FRB finalised rules regarding single counterparty credit limit (SCCL). The SCCL
applies single counterparty credit limits to the largest US bank holding companies (BHCs) and foreign banks’ (including Barclays Group) US operations. The SCCL creates two separate limits for foreign banks, the first on combined US operations
(CUSO) and the second on the US intermediate holding company (BUSL). The SCCL requires that no counterparty of BUSL can exceed 25% of BUSL’s total regulatory capital plus the balance of its allowance for loan and lease losses not included in
tier 2 capital. With respect to the CUSO, the SCCL rule allows foreign banks to comply with the rule by certifying to the Federal Reserve that they comply with comparable home country regulation.


Stress testing

Barclays
Group and certain of its members are subject to supervisory stress testing exercises in a number of jurisdictions. These exercises currently include the annual stress testing programmes of the BoE and the FRB and the biennial stress testing
programme of the EBA. These exercises are designed to assess the resilience of banks to adverse economic or financial developments and ensure that they have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for the risks associated
with their business profile. Assessment by regulators is on both a quantitative and qualitative basis, the latter focusing on Barclays Group’s data provision, stress testing capability including model risk management and internal management
processes and controls. Failure to meet requirements of regulatory stress tests, or the failure by regulators to approve the stress test results and capital plans of Barclays Group or its members subject to these exercises, could result in Barclays
Group or certain of its members being required to enhance its capital position or limit capital distributions, to any external holders of its equity or capital or within Barclays Group.


In the US, BUSL participates in the FRB’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) process. In June 2018, the FRB issued its first
public CCAR assessment of BUSL. The 2018 results indicated BUSL’s capital ratios would remain above all regulatory minimum required levels and the FRB did not object to BUSL’s capital plan on either a quantitative or qualitative basis.


In April 2018, the FRB proposed to amend its CCAR process to combine the CCAR quantitative assessment and the buffer requirements in the
FRB’s capital adequacy rules to create a single integrated capital requirement.

(b) Recovery and Resolution


Stabilisation and resolution framework

An important component of the EU legislative framework is the 2014 Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) which establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of EU credit institutions and investment firms. The UK
implemented the BRRD through the


Bank Recovery and Resolution Order 2014, which amended the Banking Act 2009 (the Banking Act) and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), and the Banks and Building Societies
(Depositor Preference and Priorities) Order 2014, which amended the Insolvency Act 1986 (among other insolvency legislation).

In
November 2016, the European Commission proposed a package of amendments to the BRRD, including the introduction of two new moratorium tools. Political agreement on this package was reached in December 2018. On 28 December 2017, an EU directive
came into force harmonising the priority ranking of unsecured debt instruments under national insolvency laws. All member states were required to transpose the directive by 29 December 2018 and it has been transposed into national law in the UK
under the Banks and Building Societies (Priorities on Insolvency) Order 2018.

Under the Banking Act, UK resolution authorities are
empowered to intervene in and resolve a UK financial institution that is no longer viable. Pursuant to these laws, the BoE (in consultation with the PRA and HM Treasury as appropriate) has several stabilisation options where a banking institution is
failing or likely to fail: (i) transfer some or all of the securities or business of the bank to a commercial purchaser; (ii) transfer some or all of the property, rights and liabilities of the bank to a ‘bridge bank’ wholly
owned by the BoE or to a commercial purchaser; (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time; (iv) cancel or reduce certain liabilities of the institution or convert
liabilities to equity to absorb losses and recapitalise the institution; and (v) transfer the banking institution into temporary public ownership. In addition, the BoE may apply for a court insolvency order in order to wind up or liquidate the
institution or to put the institution into special administration. When exercising any of its stabilisation powers, the BoE must generally provide that shareholders bear first losses, followed by creditors in accordance with the priority of their
claims under normal insolvency proceedings.

In order to enable the exercise of its stabilisation powers, the BoE may impose a temporary
stay on the rights of creditors to terminate, accelerate or close out contracts, and in some cases to override events of default or termination rights that might otherwise be invoked as a result of a resolution action. In addition, the Banking Act
gives the BoE the power to override, vary, or impose conditions or contractual obligations between a UK bank, its holding company and its group undertakings, in order to enable any transferee or successor bank to operate effectively after any of the
resolution tools have been applied. There is also power for HM Treasury to amend the law (excluding provisions made by or under the Banking Act) for the purpose of enabling it to use its powers under this regime effectively, potentially with


172 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


retrospective effect. The Banking Act powers apply regardless of any contractual restrictions and
compensation that may be payable.

The BoE’s preferred approach for the resolution of Barclays Group is a
bail-in
 strategy with a single point of entry at Barclays PLC. Under such a strategy, Barclays PLC’s subsidiaries would remain operational while Barclays PLC’s eligible liabilities would be written down or
converted to equity in order to recapitalise Barclays Group and allow for the continued provision of services and operations throughout the resolution.

In July 2016, the PRA issued final rules on ensuring operational continuity in resolution. The rules apply from 1 January 2019 and require banks to ensure that their operational structures facilitate effective recovery and
resolution planning and the continued provision of functions critical to the economy in a resolution scenario.

In June 2018 the BoE
finalised its policy on Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) for UK banks and published indicative MREL levels for UK
G-SIBs
 and
D-SIBs,

including Barclays Group, to be reached in 2019, 2020 and 2022 (see section on TLAC/ MREL below).

Additionally, the BoE finalised its
policy on Valuations in Resolution in June 2018 with an expected compliance timeline of 1 January 2021.

The PRA has made rules that
require authorised firms to draw up recovery plans and resolution packs, as required by the BRRD. Recovery plans are designed to outline credible actions that authorised firms could implement in the event of severe stress in order to restore their
business to a stable and sustainable condition.

The resolution pack contains detailed information on the group, and its significant
legal entities which will be used to develop resolution strategies for that firm, assess its current level of resolvability against the strategy, and to inform work on identifying barriers to the implementation of operational resolution plans. In
the UK, recovery and resolution planning (RRP) work is considered part of continuing supervision. Removal of potential impediments to an orderly resolution of Barclays Group or one or more of its subsidiaries is considered as part of the BoE’s
and PRA’s supervisory strategy for each firm, and the PRA can require firms to make significant changes in order to enhance resolvability. Barclays Group currently provides the PRA with a recovery plan annually and with a resolution pack as
requested.

In December 2018, the BoE and PRA released a package of consultations setting out how they propose to increase transparency
and accountability and clarify the responsibilities on firms with regards to resolution. The package comprises three main components: (i) a BoE Consultation Paper (CP) which proposes how the BoE, as resolution authority, intends to assess
individual banks’


resolvability; (ii) a PRA CP which contains proposed requirements for banks to assess their preparations for resolution, identifying any risks to implementation and their plans to address
these; (iii) proposals for future public disclosures.

The final policy will apply to Barclays Group when published.


While regulators in many jurisdictions have indicated a preference for single point of entry resolution, additional resolution or bankruptcy
provisions may apply to certain of Barclays Bank PLC’s subsidiaries or branches. In the US, Title II of the DFA established the Orderly Liquidation Authority, a regime for the orderly liquidation of systemically important financial
institutions, which could apply to BUSL. Specifically, when a systemically important financial institution is in default or in danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed as receiver under the Orderly Liquidation Authority instead of the
institution being resolved through a voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the US Bankruptcy Code. In certain circumstances, including insolvency, violations of law and unsafe business practices, the licensing authorities of each US branch of
Barclays Bank PLC and of Barclays Bank Delaware have the authority to take possession of the business and property of the applicable Barclays Group entity they license or to revoke or suspend such licence. Specific resolution regimes may apply to
certain Barclays Group entities or branches in other jurisdictions in which Barclays Group does business.

In the US, Title I of the DFA
and the implementing regulations issued by the FRB and the FDIC require each bank holding company with assets of $50bn or more, including those within Barclays Group, to prepare and submit a plan for the orderly resolution of subsidiaries and
operations in the event of future material financial distress or failure. Barclays Group submitted its US Resolution Plan in respect of its US operations on 1 July 2018. Barclays Group’s next submission of the US Resolution Plan in respect
of its US operations will be due on 1 July 2020.

Barclays Group’s 2018 US Resolution Plan in respect of its US operations
included two strategies. The first is the global preferred resolution strategy, which is the BoE’s preferred resolution strategy of single point of entry with
bail-in
 at Barclays PLC. The 2018 US
Resolution Plan also included a
US-specific
 resolution strategy, which would involve a
single-point-of-entry
 resolution of
Barclays Group’s US operations with only BUSL entering bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. The
US-specific
 resolution strategy is intended as an additional option in case the global preferred resolution
strategy is not successful.

In Ireland, as a result of the transfer of Barclays Group’s European businesses to Barclays Bank
Ireland PLC, that entity has been designated by the ECB as a significant institution coming under the direct supervision of the ECB for


prudential supervisory purposes. As a significant institution, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC now faces the Single Resolution Board (SRB) as the Eurozone resolution authority. The ECB has required
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC to submit a standalone BRRD compliant recovery plan on an annual basis. The SRB has the power to require data submissions specific to Barclays Bank Ireland PLC under powers conferred upon it by the BRRD and the Single
Resolution Mechanism Regulation (SRMR). The SRB will exercise these powers to determine the optimal resolution strategy for Barclays Bank Ireland PLC in the context of the BoE’s preferred resolution strategy of single point of entry with
bail-in
 at Barclays PLC. The SRB also has the power under the BRRD and the SRMR to develop a resolution plan for Barclays Bank Ireland PLC.


TLAC and MREL

The BRRD
requires competent authorities to impose a Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) on financial institutions to facilitate their orderly resolution without broader financial disruption or recourse to public funds. In
November 2015, the FSB finalised its proposals to enhance the loss-absorbing capacity of
G-SIBs
 to ensure that there is sufficient loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity available in resolution to
implement an orderly resolution which minimises the impact on financial stability, ensures the continuity of critical functions and avoids exposing taxpayers to losses. To this end, the FSB has set a new minimum requirement for ‘total
loss-absorbing capacity’ (TLAC). As the TLAC standard requires a certain amount of those loss-absorbing resources to be committed to subsidiaries or
sub-groups
 that are located in host jurisdictions and
deemed material for the resolution of the
G-SIB
 as a whole, the FSB published guiding principles on internal TLAC on 6 July 2017. These provide guidance on the size and composition of the internal TLAC
requirement, cooperation and
co-ordination
 between home and host authorities and the trigger mechanism for internal TLAC.


The EU is implementing the TLAC standard (including internal TLAC) via the MREL requirement and the relevant amendments are contained in the Risk
Reduction Measures package. Under the BoE’s statement of policy on MREL, the BoE will set MREL for UK
G-SIBs
 as necessary to implement the TLAC standard and institution or group-specific MREL requirements
will depend on the preferred resolution strategy for that institution or group. Internal MREL for operating subsidiaries will be scaled within a
75-90%
 range of the external requirement that would apply to the
subsidiary if it were a resolution entity. The starting point for the scalar will be 90% for ring-fenced bank
sub-groups.


The MREL requirements are being phased in as from 1 January 2019 and will be fully implemented by 1 January 2022, at which time
G-SIBs
 with resolution entities incorporated in the UK, including Barclays Group, will be required to meet an MREL equivalent to the higher of: (i) two times the sum of its Pillar 1


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 173


Risk review


Supervision and regulation


and Pillar 2A requirements; or (ii) the higher of two times its leverage ratio or 6.75% of
leverage exposures. However, the PRA plans to review the MREL calibration by the end of 2020, including assessing the proposal for Pillar 2A recapitalisation which may drive a different 1 January 2022 MREL requirement than currently proposed.
In June 2018, the BoE published indicative MREL levels for UK
G-SIBs,
 including Barclays Group, to be reached in 2020 and 2022.


Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is subject to the SRB’s MREL policy, as issued in January 2019, in respect of the internal MREL that it will be
required to issue to Barclays Bank Group. The SRB’s MREL policy will be revised in the near future to reflect the implementation of the Risk Reduction Measures package in the EU. The SRB’s current calibration of MREL is two times the sum
of: (i) the firm’s Pillar 1 requirement; (ii) its Pillar 2 requirement; and (iii) its combined buffer requirement, minus 125 basis points. The SRB’s policy does not envisage the application of any scalar in respect of the
internal MREL requirement.

In October 2016, the BCBS published its final standard on the prudential treatment of banks’ investments
in TLAC instruments issued by other institutions, confirming that internationally active banks (both
G-SIBs
 and
non-G-SIBs)
 must
deduct their holdings of TLAC instruments that do not otherwise qualify as regulatory capital from their own Tier 2 capital. Where the investing bank owns less than 10% of the issuing bank’s common shares, TLAC holdings are to be deducted from
Tier 2 capital only to the extent that they exceed 10% of the investing bank’s common equity (or 5% for
non-regulatory
 capital TLAC holdings). Below this threshold, holdings would instead be subjected to
risk-weighting.
G-SIBs
 may only apply risk-weighting to
non-regulatory
 capital TLAC holdings by the 5% threshold where those holdings are in the trading book and are
sold within 30 business days. The EU’s Risk Reduction Measures package requires firms to deduct external MREL holdings from equivalent MREL capital of the firm.


In December 2016, the FRB issued final regulations for TLAC, which apply to BUSL commencing 1 January 2019. The FRB’s final TLAC rule,
while generally following the FSB term sheet, contains a number of provisions that are more restrictive. For example, the FRB’s TLAC rule includes provisions that require BUSL (the Barclays IHC) to have: (i) a specified outstanding amount
of eligible long-term debt; (ii) a specified outstanding amount of TLAC (consisting of common and preferred equity regulatory capital plus eligible long-term debt); and (iii) a specified common equity buffer. In addition, the FRB’s
TLAC rule would prohibit BUSL, for so long as Barclays Group’s overall resolution plan treats BUSL as a
non-resolution
 entity, from issuing TLAC to entities other than Barclays Group and its
non-US
 subsidiaries.


Bank Levy and FSCS


The BRRD requires EU member states to establish a
pre-funded
 resolution financing arrangement with funding
equal to 1% of covered deposits by 31 December 2024 to cover the costs of bank resolutions. Where the amount of such
pre-funding
 is insufficient, the BRRD requires that EU member states raise subsequent
contributions. The UK government raises both
pre-funded
 and subsequent contributions that would be required were the
pre-funded
 contributions not to cover costs or other
expenses incurred by use of the resolution funds by way of a tax on the balance sheets of banks known as the ‘Bank Levy’.

In
addition, the UK has a statutory compensation fund called the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), which is funded by way of annual levies on most financial services firms authorised under FSMA. The levies consist of a management expenses
levy (which funds the costs of running the FSCS) and a compensation costs levy (which funds the costs incurred by the FSCS in paying compensation).

Similar requirements, which include powers for competent authorities to adopt resolution measures, are in force or expected to come into force imminently in various other jurisdictions. These requirements will affect Barclays Group
to the extent it has operations in a relevant jurisdiction.

(c) Structural reform


Recent developments in banking law and regulation in the UK have included legislation designed to ring-fence the retail and smaller deposit-taking
businesses of large banks. The Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013 put in place a framework for this ring-fencing and secondary legislation passed in 2014 elaborated on the operation and application of the ring-fence. Ring-fencing requires,
among other things, the separation of the retail and smaller deposit-taking business activities of UK banks in the UK and branches of UK banks in the European Economic Area (EEA) into a legally distinct, operationally separate and economically
independent entity, which is not permitted to undertake a range of activities. Ring-fencing rules have been published by the PRA, further determining how ring-fenced banks will be permitted to operate. Further rules published by the FCA set out the
disclosures that
non-ring-fenced
 banks are required to make to prospective account holders of
non-ring-fenced
 banks who are individuals.


In the EU, following the publishing of the Liikanen Report in October 2012, the European Commission adopted a legislative proposal for a regulation
on structural measures to improve the resilience of EU banks in January 2014. The reforms included ring-fencing of retail activities from risky trading activities and a ban on proprietary trading for certain banks. However, the legislative proposal
was formally withdrawn in July 2018 as a result of the European Parliament and the Council of the EU failing to


reach a political agreement.

US regulation places further substantive limits on
the activities that may be conducted by banks and holding companies, including foreign banking organisations such as Barclays Group. The ‘Volcker Rule’, which was part of the DFA and which came into effect in the US in 2015, prohibits
banking entities from undertaking certain proprietary trading activities and limits such entities’ ability to sponsor or invest in certain private equity funds and hedge funds (in each case broadly defined). As required by the rule, Barclays
Group has developed and implemented an extensive compliance and monitoring programme addressing proprietary trading and covered fund activities (both inside and outside of the US). Proposed amendments to the Volcker Rule were published in the
Federal Register in July 2018. The existing Volcker framework and implemented processes will remain unchanged until amendments to the regulations become effective. We do not expect any changes to the Volcker rule to be effective prior to Q4 2019.


(d) Market infrastructure regulation

In recent years, regulators as well as global-standard setting bodies such as IOSCO have focused on improving transparency and reducing risk in markets, particularly risks related to
over-the-counter
 (OTC) transactions. This focus has resulted in a variety of new regulations across the G20 countries and beyond that require or encourage
on-venue

trading, clearing, posting of margin and disclosure of information related to many derivatives transactions. Some of the most significant developments are described below.


The European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) has introduced requirements designed to improve transparency and reduce the risks associated
with the derivatives market, some of which are still to be fully implemented. EMIR requires that certain entities that enter into derivative contracts: report such transactions; clear certain over the counter (OTC) transactions where mandated to do
so; and implement risk mitigation standards in respect of uncleared OTC trades. The obligation to clear derivatives only applies to certain counterparties and specified types of derivatives. In October 2016, the European Commission adopted a
delegated regulation relating to the exchange of collateral, one of the risk mitigation techniques under EMIR. Provisions relating to initial margin have entered into force, subject to a
phase-in
 until
1 September 2020. Provisions relating to variation margin have already entered into force. EMIR has potential operational and financial impacts on Barclays


Group, including by imposing collateral requirements.

The European Commission has recently proposed two sets of changes to EMIR, one containing technical changes to EMIR, and another measure which could result in certain central counterparties (CCPs) used by Barclays Group being forced
to relocate to an EU


174 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


jurisdiction in order to continue clearing for EU members. The changes proposed may have additional
operational and financial impacts on Barclays Group’s derivatives business.

CRD IV aims to complement EMIR by applying higher
capital requirements for bilateral, uncleared OTC derivative trades. Lower capital requirements for cleared derivative trades are only available if the CCP through which the trade is cleared is recognised as a ‘qualifying central
counterparty’ (QCCP) which has been authorised or recognised under EMIR. Higher capital requirements may apply to Barclays Group following the UK’s departure from the EU if UK CCPs are then no longer regarded as QCCPs and vice versa.


The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (collectively referred to as MiFID II)
have largely been applicable since 3 January 2018. MiFID II affects many of the investment markets in which Barclays Group operates, the instruments in which it trades and the way it transacts with market counterparties and other customers.
Changes introduced by MiFID II include: the introduction of a new type of trading venue (the organised trading facility), capturing
non-equity
 trading that falls outside the MiFID I regime; the strengthening
of conduct of business requirements, including in relation to conflicts of interest; the expansion of the concept of, and requirements applicable to, firms which systematically trade against proprietary capital (systematic internalisers); and
increased obligations on firms to secure best execution for their clients. Additionally, MiFID II mandates a trading obligation for certain types of cleared derivatives.


MiFID II strengthens investor protections, imposes new curbs on high frequency and commodity trading, increases

pre-
 and post-trade transparency reporting and introduces a new regime for third country
(non-EU)
 firms. MiFID II also includes new requirements relating to
non-discriminatory
 access to trading venues, CCPs and benchmarks, research unbundling and harmonised supervisory powers and sanctions across the EU.


US regulators have imposed similar rules as the EU with respect to the mandatory
on-venue
 trading and
clearing of certain derivatives, and post-trade transparency, as well as in relation to the margining of OTC derivatives.

US regulators
have addressed the applicability of certain of their regulations to cross-border transactions, and are continuing to review and consider their rules with respect to their application on a cross-border basis, including with respect to their
registration requirements in relation to
non-US
 swap dealers and security-based swap dealers. The regulators may adopt further rules, or provide further guidance, regarding the cross-border applicability of
such rules. In December 2017, the CFTC and the European Commission recognised the trading venues of each other’s


jurisdiction to allow market participants to comply with mandatory
on-venue
 trading requirements while trading on certain venues recognised by the other
jurisdiction.

The EU Benchmarks Regulation came into force in June 2016. Although some provisions have applied since 2016, the majority
of provisions have applied since 3 January 2018, subject to transitional provisions. This regulation applies to the administration, contribution of data to and use of benchmarks within the EU. Financial institutions within the EU will be
prohibited from using benchmarks unless their administrators are authorised, registered or otherwise recognised in the EU. This may impact the ability of Barclays Group to use certain benchmarks in the future. For example, EURIBOR will, as currently
stands, no longer be compliant with the Benchmarks Regulation on 1 January 2020, and the FCA has stated that it does not intend to support LIBOR after the end of 2021. International initiatives are therefore underway to develop alternative
benchmarks and backstop arrangements. However, adapting processes and systems to transition to these new benchmarks is likely to be a very time-consuming and costly task on an industry-wide basis.


In 2015, the European Commission launched work on establishing a Capital Markets Union (CMU) within the EU. The CMU aims to increase the
availability of
non-bank
 financing in the EU, deepen the EU single market for financial services and promote growth and financial stability. The CMU work programme is now being considered in light of Brexit.
Recent proposals have therefore included considerably broadened central supervisory powers for the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs) (including in relation to outsourcing, and delegation and risk transfer by entities authorised in the EU to
entities or branches in third countries) and an increased focus by the ESAs on ongoing equivalence assessments in the context of third country regimes in various EU regulations and directives.


Certain participants in US swap markets are required to register with the CFTC as ‘swap dealers’ or ‘major swap participants’
and/or, following the compliance date for relevant SEC rules, with the SEC as ‘security-based swap dealers’ or ‘major security-based swap participants’. Such registrants are subject to CFTC, and would be subject to SEC,
regulation and oversight. Entities required to register as swap dealers are subject to business conduct, recordkeeping and reporting requirements under CFTC rules and will be subject to capital and margin requirements in connection with transactions
with certain US and
non-US
 counterparties. Barclays Bank PLC has provisionally registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and is subject to CFTC rules on business conduct, record-keeping and reporting. With
respect to margin and capital, Barclays Group is subject to the rules of the FRB in connection with its swap dealer business.


The CFTC has approved certain comparability determinations that permit substituted compliance with
non-US
 regulatory regimes for certain swap regulations related to business conduct and other requirements, while other determinations remain pending. Substituted compliance is permitted, where applicable, only with
respect to transactions between a
non-US
 swap dealer and a
non-US
 counterparty. In addition, the CFTC has issued proposed rules that would require a
non-US
 swap dealer to comply with certain CFTC rules in connection with transactions that are “arranged, negotiated or executed” from the US. It is unclear whether the proposed rules will be adopted in the
form proposed. Most recently, in October 2017, the CFTC issued an order permitting substituted compliance with EU margin rules for certain uncleared derivatives. However, as Barclays Group is subject to the margin rules of the FRB, it will not
benefit from the CFTC’s action unless the FRB takes a similar approach.

It is unclear whether further changes will be made to the
CFTC’s proposed rules or when they will become effective. In addition, it is uncertain whether and to what degree other US regulators, such as the FRB, will take an approach similar to the CFTC’s regarding substituted compliance.


The SEC finalised the rules governing security based swap dealer registration in 2015 but clarified that registration timing is
contingent upon the finalisation of certain additional rules under Title VII of DFA, several of which are still pending. In particular, the SEC has stated that registration will be required at the later of the SEC’s adoption of final rules on
capital and margin, or the compliance dates for the SEC’s rules on recordkeeping and reporting, business conduct or employment of statutorily disqualified persons.


Therefore, there is currently no specific timetable for the effectiveness of the security-based swap dealer registration requirement. However, the
SEC has recently proposed additional rules, and republished prior proposed rules, regarding security-based swap dealers, and has indicated that it may take the actions that will trigger the registration requirement in the near future.


When security-based swap dealer registration is required, it is anticipated that Barclays Bank PLC and/or one or more of its affiliates will be
required to register in that capacity and thus will be required to comply with the SEC’s rules for security-based swap dealers. These rules may impose costs and other requirements or restrictions that could impact our business. In addition, the
SEC has provided some limited guidance regarding certain aspects of the cross-border applicability of its security-based swaps rules, including a final rule addressing transactions of a
non-US
 person arranged,
negotiated, or executed by personnel located in a US branch or office. However, it remains unclear as to how or when substituted compliance may be available, and which of the SEC’s rules will be eligible.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 175


Risk review


Supervision and regulation


(e) Conduct, culture and other regulation


Conduct and culture

On
7 March 2016, the PRA and FCA introduced measures to increase the individual accountability of senior managers and other covered individuals in the banking sector. The new regime comprises: the ‘Senior Managers Regime’, which applies
to a limited number of individuals with senior management responsibilities within a firm; the ‘Certification Regime’, which is intended to assess and monitor the fitness and propriety of a wider range of employees who could pose a risk of
significant harm to the firm or its customers; and conduct rules that individuals subject to either regime must comply with. From March 2017, the conduct rules have applied more widely to other staff of firms within the scope of the regime. The
regime will be expanded to apply to all firms authorised under FSMA from 9 December 2019. The Financial Services Act 2010, among other things, requires the UK regulators to make rules about remuneration and to require regulated firms to have a
remuneration policy that is consistent with effective risk management.

The Banking Act also amended FSMA to allow the FCA to make rules
requiring firms to operate a collective consumer redress scheme to deal with cases of widespread failure by regulated firms to meet regulatory requirements that may have created consumer detriment.


Our regulators have also enhanced their focus on the promotion of cultural values as a key area for banks, although they generally view the
responsibility for reforming culture as primarily sitting with the industry.

Strategic review of retail banking business models


The FCA conducted a strategic review of retail banking business models throughout 2017 and 2018 and published its final report in


December 2018. The FCA has used the analysis to inform its view of emerging scenarios in retail banking and their impact on business
models and consumers. It concluded that increased competition has the scope to improve outcomes for many consumers but it takes time. As a result of this review the FCA will initiate work in payment services, SME banking and monitoring of retail
banking business models which could impact Barclays Group over time.

Data protection and PSD2


Most countries in which Barclays Group has a presence already have privacy laws governing the collection, use and disclosure of personal data, or
are considering their introduction. The harmonisation of the European privacy regime through the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) was a major focus in 2018. However, new laws have also recently been introduced in
California, the Cayman Islands, and Brazil, and existing laws in Japan, Guernsey, Jersey and the Isle of Man have been updated. The global nature of our business and IT infrastructure means personal information


may be made available or stored in countries other than where it was originally collected. The proper handling and protection of personal data is very important to our clients, employees and to
regulators, and there can be considerable regulatory fines for breaches (for example, up to 4% of global turnover under GDPR).

A number
of recent developments have indicated a clear political and regulatory desire to make customer account information and transactional services more easily accessible to customers and parties providing services to them, such as the revised Payment
Services Directive (PSD2) and the Open Banking initiative. PSD2 replaced the previous Payment Services Directive and, with respect to certain requirements, has a wider scope, applying transparency and information requirements to payment transactions
in all currencies where the provider of at least one leg of the payment service is located in the EU. PSD2 also requires banks which provide accounts to enable access to those accounts through dedicated technology to allow third parties to provide
account information and payment initiation services. The requirements relating to this technology will come into effect in September 2019.

Cyber security and operational resilience

Regulators in Europe and the US have been increasingly focused on
cyber security risk management and operational resilience for banking organisations. This has resulted in a number of proposed laws, regulations and other requirements that necessitate the implementation of a variety of increased controls and
enhancement activities for regulated Barclays Group entities. These include, among others, the adoption of cyber security policies and procedures meeting specified criteria, minimum required security measures, controls and procedures for enhanced
reporting and public disclosures, compliance certification requirements, and other cyber and information risk governance measures. These increased controls will enhance our security posture and increase our ability to protect the organisation and
our customers. Such measures may result in increased technology and compliance costs for Barclays Group.

Sanctions and financial
crime

The UK Bribery Act 2010 introduced a new form of corporate criminal liability focused broadly on a company’s failure to
prevent bribery on its behalf. The legislation has broad application and in certain circumstances may have extra-territorial impact on entities, persons or activities located outside the UK, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. In practice,
the legislation requires Barclays Group to have adequate procedures to prevent bribery which, due to the extra-territorial nature of the status, makes this both complex and costly.


On 30 September 2017, the Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced new corporate criminal offences of failing to prevent the facilitation of UK
and overseas tax evasion. The legislation


has very broad extra-territorial application and may impact entities, persons or activities located outside the UK, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. It also requires Barclays Group to
have reasonable prevention procedures in place to prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion by persons acting for, or on behalf of, Barclays Group.

In the US, the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act 2001 and regulations thereunder contain numerous anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing requirements for financial institutions. In addition, Barclays Group is subject
to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits certain payments to foreign officials, as well as rules and regulations relating to economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control which
restrict certain business activities with certain individuals, entities, groups, countries and territories.

Two significant new
regulatory rules came into force in the US in 2018: the New York Department of Financial Services (DFS) Rule 504 and the US Department of Treasury’s Financial Crime Enforcement Network (FinCEN) Customer Due Diligence (CDD) Rule. Rule 504
enumerates detailed transaction filtering and screening requirements for potential Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering violations and transactions with sanctioned entities, applicable to institutions regulated by the DFS (including Barclays
Bank PLC, New York branch) and requires a senior bank official to certify compliance. The CDD Rule requires Barclays Group US entities to identify natural beneficial owners above a certain threshold for clients that are legal entities.


In some cases, US state and federal regulations addressing sanctions, money laundering and other financial crimes may impact entities, persons or
activities located outside the US, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. The enforcement of these regulations has been a major focus of US state and federal government policy relating to financial institutions in recent years, and failure of
a financial institution to ensure compliance could have serious legal, financial and reputational consequences for the institution.


176 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review


A review of the performance of Barclays, including the key performance indicators, and the contribution of each of our
businesses to the overall performance of the Barclays Group.


Financial review   Page
◾ Key performance
indicators   178
◾ Consolidated
summary income statement   180
◾ Income statement
commentary   181
◾ Consolidated
summary balance sheet   182
◾ Balance sheet
commentary   183
◾ Analysis of results
by business   184
◾ Margins and
balances   194
◾ Non-IFRS performance measures   195


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 177


Financial review


Key performance indicators


In
assessing the financial performance of the Group, management uses a range of KPIs which focus on the Group’s financial strength, the delivery of sustainable returns and cost management. Barclays is on track in the execution of its strategy and
continues to target RoTE of greater than 9% in 2019 and greater than 10% in 2020, excluding litigation and conduct, based on a CET1 ratio of c.13%, and operating expenses guidance in the range of £13.6–13.9bn in 2019, excluding litigation
and conduct.
Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide
valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial periods, and provide more detail concerning the
elements   of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Barclays Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which
operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS   measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to pages 195 to 200 for further information and calculations of non-IFRS performance measures
included throughout this section, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures.
Definition   Why is it important and how the Group performed
Common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio Capital requirements are part of the regulatory framework governing how banks and depository institutions are supervised. Capital ratios express a
bank’s capital as a percentage of its RWAs as defined by the PRA. CET1 ratio is a measure of capital that is predominantly common equity as defined by the CRR.   The Barclays Group’s capital management objective is to maximise shareholder value by prudently managing the level and mix of
its capital to: ensure the Barclays Group and all of its subsidiaries are appropriately capitalised relative to their regulatory minimum and stressed capital requirements, support the Barclays Group’s risk appetite, growth and strategic
options, while seeking to maintain a robust credit proposition for Barclays Group and its subsidiaries. The Barclays Group’s CET1 ratio continued to be at the end-state target of c.13%. The ratio decreased
to 13.2% (2017: 13.3%), as CET1 capital decreased to £41.1bn and RWAs remained broadly stable at £311.9bn, as underlying profit generation of £4.2bn, was more than offset by £2.1bn of litigation and conduct charges, as
Barclays Group resolved legacy matters, £1.7bn for ordinary dividends and AT1 coupons paid and foreseen, £1.0bn from the redemption of capital instruments. Barclays Group target: CET1 ratio of c.13%.   CET1 ratio 13.2% 2017: 13.3% 2016: 12.4%
Average UK leverage ratio The ratio is calculated as the average transitional Tier 1 capital divided by average UK leverage exposure. The average exposure measure excludes qualifying central bank claims.   The leverage ratio is non-risk based and is intended to act as a supplementary measure to
the risk-based capital metrics such as the CET1 ratio. The average
UK leverage ratio decreased to 4.5% (2017: 4.9%) driven by an increase in average UK leverage exposure to £1,110bn (2017: £1,045bn) and a decrease in average Tier 1 capital to £50.5bn (2017: £51.2bn). The average UK leverage exposure increased including securities financing
transactions due to the efficient use of leverage balance sheet within high returning financing businesses, Tier 1 capital reduced for the same reasons as CET1 capital. Barclays Group target: maintaining the UK leverage ratio above the expected
end point minimum requirement.   Average UK leverage ratio 4.5% 2017: 4.9% 2016: 4.5%


178 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Definition   Why is it important and how the Group performed
Return on average shareholders’ equity RoE is calculated as profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit recorded in reserves in
respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments.   This measure indicates the return generated by the management of the business based on shareholders’ equity. RoE for the
Barclays Group was positive 3.1% (2017: negative 3.1%) reflecting an attributable profit of £1,394m (2017: loss of £1,922m) which included charges for litigation and conduct of £2.1bn, relating to RMBS settlement and PPI
provisions.   Barclays Group RoE 3.1% 2017: (3.1%) 2016: 3.0%
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity RoTE is calculated as profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit recorded in reserves in
respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and
goodwill.   This measure indicates the return generated by the management of the business based on shareholders’ tangible equity.
Achieving a target RoTE demonstrates the organisation’s ability to execute its strategy and align management’s interests with the shareholders’. RoTE lies at the heart of the Barclays Group’s capital allocation and performance
management process. RoTE for the Barclays Group excluding
litigation and conduct, was 8.5%. Based on a CET1 ratio of 13% this would have been 8.3%. RoTE for the Barclays Group was positive 3.6% (2017: negative 3.6%) reflecting an attributable profit of £1,394m (2017: loss of £1,922m)
which included charges for litigation and conduct of £2.1bn, relating to RMBS settlement and PPI provisions. Barclays Group target: Barclays Group RoTE, excluding litigation and conduct, of greater than 9% in 2019 and greater than 10% in 2020, based on a
CET1 ratio of c.13%.   Barclays Group RoTE excluding litigation and conduct 8.5% 2017: (1.2%) 2016: 6.2% Barclays Group RoTE 3.6% 2017: (3.6%) 2016: 3.6%
Operating expenses a Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct.   Barclays views operating expenses as a key strategic area for banks; those who actively manage costs and control them effectively
will gain a strong competitive advantage. Barclays Group operating
expenses were £13.9bn, in line with 2018 guidance, after excluding a charge for GMP while total operating expenses were £16.2bn (2017: £15.5bn). Barclays Group target: operating expenses, excluding litigation and conduct, of £13.6 to 13.9bn in 2019.   Statutory operating expenses £16.2bn 2017:
£15.5bn 2016: £16.3bn Operating expenses a £13.9bn 2017:
£14.2bn 2016: £15.0bn
Cost: income ratio Total operating expenses divided by total income.   This is a measure management uses to assess the productivity of the business operations. Managing the cost base is a key execution
priority for management and includes a review of all categories of discretionary spending and an analysis of how we can run the business to ensure that costs increase at a slower rate than income. The Barclays Group cost: income ratio including litigation and conduct
increased to 77% (2017: 73%) due to stable income and a 5% increase in total operating expenses, which included charges for RMBS settlement and PPI provisions. Excluding litigation and conduct the Barclays Group cost: income ratio decreased to 66% (2017: 68%) as continued investment to grow the business and
improve future operating efficiency was more than offset by elimination of legacy costs, productivity savings and a lower bank levy charge. Barclays Group target: a cost: income ratio of below 60% over time.   Cost: income ratio 77% 2017: 73% 2016: 76% Cost: income ratio excluding litigation and conduct 66% 2017: 68% 2016: 70%


Note


a   Group operating expenses, excluding litigation and conduct, and a GMP charge of £140m.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 179


Financial review


Consolidated summary income statement


For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m   2014 £m
Continuing operations
Net interest income   9,062   9,845   10,537   10,608   10,086
Net fee, commission and other income   12,074   11,231   10,914   11,432   11,677
Total income   21,136   21,076   21,451   22,040   21,763
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (1,468   )   (2,336   )   (2,373   )   (1,762   )   (1,821   )
Operating costs   (13,627   )   (13,884   )   (14,565   )   (13,723   )   (14,959   )
UK bank levy   (269   )   (365   )   (410   )   (426   )   (418   )
Operating expenses   (13,896   )   (14,249   )   (14,975   )   (14,149   )   (15,377   )
GMP charge   (140   )   –   –   –   –
Litigation and conduct   (2,207   )   (1,207   )   (1,363   )   (4,387   )   (2,807   )
Total operating expenses   (16,243   )   (15,456   )   (16,338   )   (18,536   )   (18,184   )
Other net income/(expenses)   69   257   490   (596   )   (445   )
Profit before tax   3,494   3,541   3,230   1,146   1,313
Tax charge   (1,122   )   (2,240   )   (993   )   (1,149   )   (1,121   )
Profit/(loss) after tax in respect of continuing operations   2,372   1,301   2,237   (3   )   192
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued operation   –   (2,195   )   591   626   653
Non-controlling interests in respect of continuing operations   (226   )   (249   )   (346   )   (348   )   (449   )
Non-controlling interests in respect of discontinued operation   –   (140   )   (402   )   (324   )   (320   )
Other equity instrument holders a   (752   )   (639   )   (457   )   (345   )   (250   )
Attributable profit/(loss)   1,394   (1,922   )   1,623   (394   )   (174   )
Selected financial statistics
Basic earnings/(loss) per share a   9.4p   (10.3p   )   10.4p   (1.9p   )   (0.7p   )
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share a   9.2p   (10.1p   )   10.3p   (1.9p   )   (0.7p   )
Dividend per ordinary share   6.5p   3.0p   4.5p   6.5p   6.5p
Return on average shareholders’ equity   3.1%   (3.1%   )   3.0%   (0.6%   )   (0.2%   )
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity a   3.6%   (3.6%   )   3.6%   (0.7%   )   (0.3%   )
Cost: income ratio   77%   73%   76%   84%   84%
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct b
Profit before tax   5,701   4,748   4,593   5,533   4,120
Attributable profit/(loss)   3,530   (772   )   2,908   3,570   2,326
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity   8.5%   (1.2%   )   6.2%   7.6%   4.9%
Cost: income ratio   66%   68%   70%   64%   71%

Notes


a   The profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders of £752m (2017:
£639m) is offset by a tax credit recorded in reserves of £203m (2017: £174m). The net amount of £549m (2017: £465m), along with non-controlling interests, is deducted from profit
after tax in order to calculate earnings per share and return on average tangible shareholders’ equity


b   Refer to pages 197 to 200 for further information and calculations of performance measures
excluding litigation and conduct.

The financial information above is extracted from the published accounts. This
information should be read together with the information included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


180 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review


Income statement commentary


2018 compared to 2017


Profit before tax was £3,494m (2017: £3,541m). Excluding litigation and conduct charges, profit before tax increased 20% to
£5,701m driven by an improvement in credit impairment charges and a reduction in operating expenses. The 3% depreciation of average USD against GBP adversely impacted profits.


Total income was £21,136m (2017: £21,076m). Barclays UK income was stable as lower interest margins were offset by strong balance sheet
growth. Barclays International income growth in Markets, which increased 9%, was offset by lower Banking income, primarily from a 20% decrease in Corporate lending income reflecting the strategy of redeploying RWAs to higher returning businesses.
Consumer, Cards and Payments income growth was offset by the
non-recurrence
 of prior year
one-offs,
 from a US asset card sale and a valuation gain on Barclays’
preference shares in Visa Inc. Head Office income was a net expense of £273m (2017: £159m), and the Group benefited from the
non-recurrence
 of negative income associated with the former
Non-Core
 division, which was closed on 1 July 2017.

Credit impairment charges decreased 37% to
£1,468m primarily driven by single name recoveries, updates to consensus-based macroeconomic forecasts in the UK and US during the year, the
non-recurrence
 of single name charges in 2017, portfolio
adjustments as IFRS 9 has continued to embed and the prudent management of credit risk, including the impact of repositioning the US cards portfolio towards a lower risk mix. This decrease was partially offset by a Q4 2018 £150m specific
charge for the impact of the anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK. The Barclays Group loan loss rate was 44bps (2017: 57bps).


Operating expenses of £13,896m (2017: £14,249m) reduced 2% as continued investment to grow the business and improve future operating
efficiency was more than offset by elimination of legacy costs, productivity savings and a lower bank levy charge due to a reduction in the levy rate and the impact of prior year adjustments. The cost: income ratio, excluding litigation and conduct,
reduced to 66% (2017: 68%).

Total operating expenses of £16,243m (2017: £15,456m) included litigation and conduct charges of
£2,207m (2017: £1,207m) and a £140m charge for GMP in relation to the equalisation of obligations for members of the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund (UKRF). There was no capital impact of the GMP charge as, at 31 December
2018, the UKRF remained in accounting surplus.

Other net income declined to £69m (2017: £257m) primarily reflecting the
non-recurrence
 of gains on the sales of Barclays’ share in VocaLink and a joint venture in Japan in Q2 2017.


The Group’s effective tax rate reduced to 32.1% (2017: 63.3%). This rate included a
one-off
 net charge due to the
re-measurement
 of DTAs as a result of the reduction in the US federal corporate income tax rate. The underlying effective tax rate was 20.9%
(2017: 29.4%), due to the lower US federal corporate income tax rate and the beneficial impact of adjustments to prior periods recognised in 2018.

The Group’s underlying effective tax rate for future periods, is expected to be in the
low-to

mid-20
 percents, excluding the impact of the future
accounting change that will require tax relief on payments in relation to AT1 instruments to be recognised in the income statement, as opposed to retained earnings.


Attributable profit was £1,394m (2017: loss of £1,922m). This reflected the
non-recurrence
 of a
£2.5bn loss related to the sell down of BAGL and a tax charge of £1,122m compared to a 2017 charge of £2,240m which included a
one-off
 net charge of £0.9bn due to the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs.

RoE was 3.1% (2017: negative 3.1%). RoTE was 8.5% (2017: negative 1.2%) and
earnings per share was 21.9p (2017: loss per share of 3.5p), excluding litigation and conduct. Statutory RoTE was 3.6% (2017: negative 3.6%) and basic earnings per share was 9.4p (2017: loss per share 10.3p).


2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax increased 10% to £3,541m driven by a 5% reduction in operating expenses, partially offset by a 2% reduction in income and
lower other net income. Results were impacted by the appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP of 5% and 7% respectively, compared to 2016, which positively impacted income and adversely affected impairment and operating expenses.


Following the closure of Barclays
Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017, Group results for 2017 included a Barclays
Non-Core
 loss before tax for the six months ended 30 June 2017 of £647m, compared to a loss before tax of £2,786m for the full year in 2016. From 1 July 2017, residual Barclays
Non-Core
 assets and liabilities were reintegrated into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office.


Total income decreased to £21,076m (2016: £21,451m) reflecting a £613m decrease in Barclays International and a £262m
reduction in Head Office, partially offset by a reduction in losses related to
Non-Core.


Credit impairment charges were broadly stable at £2,336m (2016: £2,373m) and reflected a
charge of £168m in 2017 relating to deferred consideration from an asset sale in US Cards, and the
non-recurrence
 of a £320m charge in 2016 following the management review of the UK and US cards
portfolio impairment modelling. Impairment increased in Barclays International driven by an increase in underlying delinquency trends and business growth in US Cards. The Group loan loss rate increased 4bps to 57bps.


Operating expenses reduced 5% to £15,456m driven primarily by lower
Non-Core
 related operating
expenses. Excluding litigation and conduct charges, Group operating expenses were £14.2bn, in line with 2017 guidance.

Other net
income of £257m (2016: £490m) primarily reflected a gain of £109m on the sale of Barclays’ share in VocaLink to MasterCard and a gain of £76m on the sale of a joint venture in Japan.


The effective tax rate on profit before tax increased to 63.3% (2016: 30.7%) principally due to a
one-off

tax charge of £1,177m due to the remeasurement of US DTAs as a result of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, partially offset by an unrelated £276m increase in US DTAs due to a remeasurement of Barclays Bank PLC’s US branch DTAs.


Loss after tax in respect of the Africa Banking discontinued operation of £2,195m included a £1,090m impairment of
Barclays’ holding in BAGL and a £1,435m loss on the sale of 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital, primarily due to recycling of currency translation reserve losses to the income statement on accounting deconsolidation.


RoE was negative 3.1% (2016: positive 3.0%). RoTE was negative 3.6% (2016: positive 3.6%) and basic loss per share was 10.3p (2016: earnings per
share of 10.4p). Excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to the sell down of BAGL and the
one-off
 net charge due to the remeasurement of US DTAs, RoTE was 5.6% and earnings per share was 16.2p.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 181


Financial review


Consolidated summary balance sheet


As at 31 December   2018 £m   2017 a £m   2016 a £m   2015 a £m   2014 a £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   171,082   102,353   49,711   39,695
Cash collateral and settlement balances   77,222   77,168   90,135   82,980   103,403
Loans and advances at amortised cost   326,406   324,048   345,900   357,586   366,475
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,308   12,546   13,454   28,187   131,753
Trading portfolio assets   104,187   113,760   80,240   77,348   114,717
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   149,648   116,281   78,608   76,830   38,300
Derivative financial instruments   222,538   237,669   346,626   327,709   439,909
Financial investments   –   58,915   63,317   90,267   86,066
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   52,816   –   –   –   –
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   –   1,193   71,454   7,364   –
Other assets   21,089   20,586   21,039   22,030   37,588
Total assets   1,133,283   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012   1,357,906
Liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost   394,838   398,701   390,744   390,307   384,105
Cash collateral and settlement balances   67,522   68,143   80,648   75,015   101,989
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowings   18,578   40,338   19,760   25,035   124,479
Debt securities in issue b   82,286   73,314   75,932   69,150   86,099
Subordinated liabilities   20,559   23,826   23,383   21,467   21,153
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,882   37,351   34,687   33,967   45,124
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   216,834   173,718   96,031   91,745   56,972
Derivative financial instruments   219,643   238,345   340,487   324,252   439,320
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   –   –   65,292   5,997   –
Other liabilities   11,362   13,496   14,797   17,213   32,707
Total liabilities   1,069,504   1,067,232   1,141,761   1,054,148   1,291,948
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   4,311   22,045   21,842   21,586   20,809
Other equity instruments   9,632   8,941   6,449   5,305   4,322
Other reserves   5,153   5,383   6,051   1,898   2,724
Retained earnings   43,460   27,536   30,531   31,021   31,712
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   62,556   63,905   64,873   59,810   59,567
Non-controlling interests   1,223   2,111   6,492   6,054   6,391
Total equity   63,779   66,016   71,365   65,864   65,958
Total liabilities and equity   1,133,283   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012   1,357,906
Net asset value per ordinary share   309p   322p   344p   324p   335p
Tangible net asset value per share   262p   276p   290p   275p   285p
Number of ordinary shares of Barclays PLC (in
millions)   17,133   17,060   16,963   16,805   16,498
Year-end USD exchange rate   1.28   1.35   1.23   1.48   1.56
Year-end EUR exchange
rate   1.12   1.13   1.17   1.36   1.28

Notes


a   Barclays introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December 2017 as a
result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. The comparatives for the prior years have been updated to reflect this presentation change. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1 on
page 216 to 218, Note 42 on page 297 to 304 and the Credit risk disclosures on pages 103 to 129.


b   Debt securities in issue include covered bonds of £8.5bn (2017: £12.4bn).


182 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review


Balance sheet commentary


Total assets


Total assets remained flat at £1,133bn.

Cash and balances at central banks increased £6bn to £177bn, as cash contributed more to the Group liquidity pool. Cash collateral and settlement balances remained flat at £77bn.


Loans and advances at amortised cost increased £2bn to £326bn as £10bn of new lending, principally in mortgages and corporate
lending, and the reclassification £5bn of held to maturity securities from financial investments was offset by the effects of the transition to IFRS 9.

Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending decreased £10bn to £2bn reflecting the reclassification to financial assets at fair value through the income statement on transition to IFRS 9.


Trading portfolio assets decreased £10bn to £104bn. Financial assets at fair value through the income statement increased
£34bn to £150bn primarily due to the impact arising from the transition to IFRS 9 and increased reverse repurchase agreements activity.

Derivative financial instrument assets decreased from £238bn to £223bn which is consistent with the movement in derivative financial instrument liabilities. The decrease in both was as a result of an increase in major
interest rate forward curves and the adoption of daily settlement under the London Clearing House (LCH), partially offset by increased foreign exchange and equity derivative volumes.


Financial investments have been reclassified to financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income following the implementation of
IFRS 9. As part of the reclassification £5bn of held to maturity securities were classified as loans and advances at amortised cost.

Total liabilities

Total liabilities increased £3bn to £1,070bn.


Deposits at amortised cost decreased £4bn to £395bn as the effects of transition to IFRS 9 more than offset substantial and targeted
increases in Barclays International deposits and strong deposit growth in Barclays UK.

Cash collateral and settlement balances remained
flat at £68bn.

Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing decreased £21bn to £19bn reflecting the
reclassification to financial liabilities at fair value on transition to IFRS 9.


Debt securities in issue increased from £73bn to £82bn due to net issuances of bonds,
medium term notes and commercial paper used to manage the Group liquidity pool. Subordinated liabilities decreased by £3bn to £21bn as a result of various redemptions during the year.


Trading portfolio liabilities increased £1bn to £38bn. Financial liabilities designated at fair value increased £43bn to
£217bn primarily as a result of the effects of transition to IFRS 9 and additional client margin deposits from the growth of the Equities business.

Derivative financial instruments decreased from £238bn to £220bn in line with the decrease in derivative financial instrument assets.


Total shareholders’ equity

Total shareholders’ equity decreased £1bn to £63bn.

Share capital and share premium decreased
£17.7bn to £4.3bn. In September 2018, the High Court of Justice in England and Wales confirmed the cancellation of the share premium account of Barclays PLC, with the balance of £17.9bn credited to retained earnings.


Other equity instruments increased £0.7bn to £9.6bn primarily due the issuance of one USD AT1 security with a principal amount of $2.5bn
partially offset by a redemption of one USD AT1 security with a principal amount of $2.0bn.

The fair value through other comprehensive
income reserve represents the unrealised change in the fair value through other comprehensive income investments since initial recognition. Following the adoption of IFRS 9, accumulated fair value changes of £228m previously recognised in the
available for sale reserve are now recorded in fair value through other comprehensive income.

The decrease in the year of £0.6bn
was primarily driven by changes in the fair value of bonds held and a decrease in the Absa Group Limited share price.

The cash flow
hedging reserve has decreased £0.5bn to £0.7bn as a result of the fair value movements of interest rate swaps held for hedging purposes as interest rate forward curves increased whilst gains transferred to net profit.


The currency translation reserve increased £0.8bn reflecting the increase in value of period end USD against GBP.


Excluding the impact on transition to IFRS 9 of £2bn, retained earnings increased £18bn as a result of the cancellation of the
Group’s share premium account and profits for the year.

Net asset value per share decreased to 309p (2017: 322p).


Tangible net asset value per share decreased to 262p (2017: 276p) as profit before tax was more than offset by the impact of implementing IFRS 9,
the redemption of preference shares and dividends paid in the year.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 183


Financial review


Analysis of results by business


Barclays
UK


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   6,028   6,086   6,048
Net fee, commission and other income   1,355   1,297   1,469
Total income   7,383   7,383   7,517
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (826   )   (783   )   (896   )
Net operating income   6,557   6,600   6,621
Operating costs   (4,075   )   (4,030   )   (3,792   )
UK bank levy   (46   )   (59   )   (48   )
Litigation and conduct   (483   )   (759   )   (1,042   )
Total operating expenses   (4,604   )   (4,848   )   (4,882   )
Other net income/(expenses)   3   (5   )   (1   )
Profit before tax   1,956   1,747   1,738
Attributable profit   1,158   853   828
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost   £187.6bn   £183.8bn   £166.4bn
Total assets   £249.7bn   £237.4bn   £209.6bn
Customer deposits at amortised cost   £197.3bn   £193.4bn   £189.0bn
Loan: deposit ratio   96%   95%   89%
Risk weighted assets   £75.2bn   £70.9bn   £67.5bn
Key facts
Average LTV of mortgage portfolio   48%   48%   48%
Average LTV of new mortgage lending   65%   64%   63%
Number of branches   1,058   1,208   1,305
Mobile banking active customers   7.3m   6.4m   5.4m
30 day arrears rate - Barclaycard Consumer UK   1.8%   1.8%   1.9%
Number of employees (full time equivalent) a   22,600   22,800   36,000
Performance measures
Return on average allocated equity   8.8%   6.6%   6.4%
Average allocated equity   £13.6bn   £13.6bn   £13.4bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   11.9%   9.8%   9.6%
Average allocated tangible equity   £10.0bn   £9.1bn   £8.9bn
Cost: income ratio   62%   66%   65%
Loan loss rate (bps) b   43   42   52
Net interest margin   3.23%   3.49%   3.62%
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct c
Profit before tax   2,439   2,506   2,780
Attributable profit   1,630   1,586   1,862
Return on average allocated tangible equity   16.7%   17.8%   21.3%
Cost: income ratio   56%   55%   51%

Notes


a   As a result of the establishment of Barclays Execution Services in September 2017, employees who
are now employed by Barclays Execution Services and who were previously allocated to, or were within, Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


b   Comparatives calculated based on gross loans and advances at amortised cost prior to the balance
sheet presentation change and IAS 39 impairment charge.


c   Refer to pages 197 to 200 for further information and calculations of performance measures
excluding litigation and conduct.


184 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Analysis of Barclays UK
2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Analysis of total income
Personal Banking a   4,006   4,214   4,334
Barclaycard Consumer UK   2,104   1,977   2,022
Business Banking a   1,273   1,192   1,161
Total income   7,383   7,383   7,517
Analysis of credit impairment charges and other
provisions
Personal Banking a   (173   )   (221   )   (200   )
Barclaycard Consumer UK   (590   )   (541   )   (683   )
Business Banking a   (63   )   (21   )   (13   )
Total credit impairment charges and other
provisions   (826   )   (783   )   (896   )
Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised
cost
Personal Banking a   £146.0bn   £141.3bn   £138.5bn
Barclaycard Consumer UK   £15.3bn   £16.4bn   £16.5bn
Business Banking a   £26.3bn   £26.1bn   £11.4bn
Total loans and advances to customers at amortised
cost   £187.6bn   £183.8bn   £166.4bn
Analysis of customer deposits at amortised
cost
Personal Banking a   £154.0bn   £153.1bn   £156.3bn
Barclaycard Consumer UK   –   –   –
Business Banking a   £43.3bn   £40.3bn   £32.7bn
Total customer deposits at amortised cost   £197.3bn   £193.4bn   £189.0bn

Note


a   In Q218, Wealth was reclassified from Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking (now named
Business banking) to Personal Banking. Comparatives have been restated.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 185


Financial review


Analysis of results by business


2018 compared to 2017


RoE was 8.8% (2017: 6.6%). RoTE excluding litigation and conduct was 16.7% (2017: 17.8%) reflecting the continuing strength of Barclays UK business.
Including litigation and conduct charges of £483m (2017: £759m), RoTE increased to 11.9% (2017: 9.8%).

Total income was
stable at £7,383m (2017: £7,383m) as lower interest margins were offset by strong balance sheet growth in secured lending and customer deposits.

Personal Banking income decreased 5% to £4,006m as continued momentum in mortgage lending and growth in customer deposits was more than offset by the
non-recurrence
 of an update to
effective interest rate modelling in Q4 2017, a valuation gain on Barclays’ preference shares in Visa Inc. in Q1 2017, and the realignment of clients from Barclays UK to Barclays International as part of structural reform. Barclaycard Consumer
UK income increased 6% to £2,104m reflecting a focus on sustainable growth and the
non-recurrence
 of remediation provisioning in H2 2017. Business


Banking income increased 7% to £1,273m driven by strong deposit growth and the realignment of clients from Barclays International to Barclays
UK as part of structural reform.

Net interest margin decreased 26bps to 3.23% reflecting growth in secured lending at lower margins and
the integration of the ESHLA portfolio.

Credit impairment charges increased 5% to £826m primarily due to a Q4 2018 £100m
specific charge for the impact of the anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK. This was partially offset by improved consensus-based macroeconomic forecasts during the year and the continued prudent management of credit risk reflected in the
broadly stable 30 and 90 day arrears rates in UK cards of 1.8% (2017: 1.8%) and 0.9% (2017: 0.8%) respectively.

Operating expenses
excluding litigation and conduct increased 1% to £4,121m as continued investment to grow the business including digitisation of the bank and improvements to future operating efficiency, were partially offset by cost efficiencies and lower
costs of setting up the ring-fenced bank. The cost: income ratio excluding litigation and conduct was 56% (2017: 55%).

Loans and
advances to customers at amortised cost increased 2% to £187.6bn reflecting £4.6bn of mortgage growth.

Total assets
increased 5% to £249.7bn reflecting increases in the liquidity pool including the transfer of treasury assets from Head Office and loans and advances to customers.


Customer deposits at amortised cost increased 2% to £197.3bn as strong deposit growth was
partially offset by the net realignment of clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International as part of structural reform.

RWAs
increased to £75.2bn (December 2017: £70.9bn) primarily due to growth in mortgages and UK cards and regulatory methodology changes for the ESHLA portfolio.


2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax increased 1% to £1,747m as lower PPI charges of £700m (2016: £1,000m) and a reduction in credit impairment
charges were partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016, higher costs of setting up the ring-fenced bank and increased investment,
primarily in cyber resilience, digital and technology.

Total income decreased 2% to £7,383m, of which £151m reflected the
non-recurrence
 of the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016.


Personal Banking income decreased 3% to £4,214m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain and the
impact of the UK base rate reduction in 2016, partially offset by deposit pricing initiatives, growth in balances and an update to effective interest rate modelling. Barclaycard Consumer UK income decreased 2% to £1,977m reflecting a provision
for remediation in H2 2017. Business Banking income increased 3% to £1,192m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain, partially offset by growth in balances.


Net interest income increased 1% to £6,086m due to deposit pricing initiatives and growth in loans and advances to customers and deposits,
partially offset by the impact of the UK base rate reduction in 2016. Net interest margin decreased 13bps to 3.49% reflecting the integration of the Education, Social Housing and Local Authority (ESHLA) portfolio from

Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017. Net fee, commission and other income decreased 12% to £1,297m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain.


Credit impairment charges decreased 13% to £783m principally reflecting the
non-recurrence
 of a
£200m charge in 2016 following the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling, partially offset by higher charges in Barclaycard Consumer UK and Personal Banking.


Operating expenses decreased 1% to


£4,848m due to lower charges for PPI of £700m (2016: £1,000m), partially offset by the costs of setting up the ring-fenced bank
and increased investment, primarily in cyber resilience, digital and technology. The cost: income ratio was 66% (2016: 65%).

Loans and
advances to customers at amortised cost increased 10% to £183.8bn and total assets increased 13% to £237.4bn reflecting the integration of the ESHLA portfolio from
Non-Core
 into Business Banking on
1 July 2017 and mortgage growth in Personal Banking in H2 2017.

Customer deposits at amortised cost increased 2% to £193.4bn
due to deposit growth, partially offset by the realignment of clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International in preparation for structural reform.

RWAs increased to £70.9bn (December 2016:

£67.5bn) reflecting the integration of the


ESHLA portfolio.


186 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays
International


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   3,815   4,307   4,512
Net trading income   4,450   3,971   4,580
Net fee, commission and other income   5,761   6,104   5,903
Total income   14,026   14,382   14,995
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (658   )   (1,506   )   (1,355   )
Net operating income   13,368   12,876   13,640
Operating costs   (9,324   )   (9,321   )   (9,129   )
UK bank levy   (210   )   (265   )   (284   )
Litigation and conduct   (127   )   (269   )   (48   )
Total operating expenses   (9,661   )   (9,855   )   (9,461   )
Other net income   68   254   32
Profit before tax   3,775   3,275   4,211
Attributable profit   2,441   847   2,412
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances at amortised cost   £   127.2bn   £   126.8bn   £   153.7bn
Trading portfolio assets   £   104.0bn   £   113.0bn   £   73.2bn
Derivative financial instrument assets   £   222.1bn   £   236.2bn   £   156.2bn
Derivative financial instrument liabilities   £   219.6bn   £   237.8bn   £   160.6bn
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   £   144.7bn   £   104.1bn   £   62.3bn
Total assets   £   862.1bn   £   856.1bn   £   648.5bn
Deposits at amortised cost   £   197.2bn   £   187.3bn   £   184.7bn
Loan: deposit ratio   65%   68%   83%
Risk weighted assets   £   210.7bn   £   210.3bn   £   212.7bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent) a   12,400   11,500   36,900
Performance measures
Return on average allocated equity   8.1%   3.2%   8.8%
Average allocated equity   £32.3bn   £30.5bn   £28.2bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   8.4%   3.4%   9.8%
Average allocated tangible equity   £31.0bn   £28.1bn   £25.5bn
Cost: income ratio   69%   69%   63%
Loan loss rate (bps) b   50   75   63
Net interest margin   4.11%   4.16%   3.98%
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct c
Profit before tax   3,902   3,544   4,259
Attributable profit   2,547   1,107   2,457
Return on average allocated tangible equity   8.7%   4.4%   9.9%
Cost: income ratio   68%   67%   63%

Notes


a   As a result of the establishment of Barclays Execution Services in September 2017, employees who
are now employed by Barclays Execution Services and who were previously allocated to, or were within, Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


b   Comparatives calculated based on gross loans and advances at amortised cost prior to the balance
sheet presentation change and IAS 39 impairment charge.


c   Refer to pages 197 to 200 for further information and calculations of performance measures
excluding litigation and conduct.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 187


Financial review


Analysis of results by business


Analysis of Barclays International
Corporate and Investment Bank   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
FICC a   2,863   2,875   3,489
Equities   2,037   1,629   1,790
Markets   4,900   4,504   5,279
Banking fees   2,531   2,612   2,397
Corporate lending   878   1,093   1,195
Transaction banking   1,627   1,629   1,657
Banking   5,036   5,334   5,249
Other   (171   )   40   5
Total income   9,765   9,878   10,533
Credit impairment releases/(charges) and other provisions   150   (213   )   (260   )
Net operating income   9,915   9,665   10,273
Operating expenses   (7,281   )   (7,475   )   (7,579   )
Litigation and conduct   (68   )   (267   )   (45   )
Total operating expenses   (7,349   )   (7,742   )   (7,624   )
Other net income   27   133   1
Profit before tax   2,593   2,056   2,650
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances at amortised cost   £86.4bn   £88.2bn   £114.0bn
Deposits at amortised cost   £136.3bn   £128.0bn   £134.0bn
Risk weighted assets   £170.9bn   £176.2bn   £178.6bn
Performance measures
Return on average allocated equity   6.8%   1.1%   5.8%
Average allocated equity   £26.2bn   £24.9bn   £23.2bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   6.9%   1.1%   6.1%
Average allocated tangible equity   £26.0bn   £24.0bn   £21.9bn
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct b
Profit before tax   2,661   2,323   2,695
Return on average allocated tangible equity   7.1%   2.2%   6.3%
Consumer, Cards and Payments
Income statement information
Total income   4,261   4,504   4,462
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (808   )   (1,293   )   (1,095   )
Net operating income   3,453   3,211   3,367
Operating expenses   (2,253   )   (2,111   )   (1,834   )
Litigation and conduct   (59   )   (2   )   (3   )
Total operating expenses   (2,312   )   (2,113   )   (1,837   )
Other net income   41   121   31
Profit before tax   1,182   1,219   1,561
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances at amortised cost   £40.8bn   £38.6bn   £39.7bn
Deposits at amortised cost   £60.9bn   £59.3bn   £50.7bn
Risk weighted assets   £39.8bn   £34.1bn   £34.1bn
Key facts
30 day arrears rates - Barclaycard US   2.7%   2.6%   2.6%
Total number of Barclaycard business clients   374,000   366,000   355,000
Value of payments processed   £344bn   £322bn   £296bn
Performance measures
Return on average allocated equity   13.5%   12.5%   23.1%
Average allocated equity   £6.1bn   £5.6bn   £5.0bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   16.5%   16.7%   31.4%
Average allocated tangible equity   £5.0bn   £4.2bn   £3.6bn
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct b
Profit before tax   1,241   1,221   1,564
Return on average allocated tangible equity   17.3%   16.8%   31.5%


Notes


a   Fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) is composed of Credit and Macro income.


b   Refer to pages 197 to 200 for more information and calculations of performance measures excluding
litigation and conduct.


188 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


2018 compared to 2017


RoE was 8.1% (2017: 3.2%), CIB RoE was 6.8% (2017: 1.1%) and Consumer, Cards and Payments RoE was 13.5% (2017: 12.5%). Profit before tax increased
10% to £3,902m achieving a RoTE of 8.7% (2017: 4.4%), reflecting improved returns in both CIB of 7.1% (2017: 2.2%) and Consumer, Cards and Payments of 17.3% (2017: 16.8%) excluding litigation and conduct.


The 3% depreciation of average USD against GBP adversely impacted profits and income, and positively impacted credit impairment charges and
operating expenses.

Total income was £14,026m (2017: £14,382m)


CIB income of £9,765m decreased 1% as Markets income increased 9% to £4,900m, reflecting gains in market share
a
, offset by a decrease in Banking income of 6% to £5,036m.

FICC income was stable
at £2,863m (2017: £2,875m) with significant share gains despite a challenging environment. Equities income increased 25% to £2,037m becoming one of the highest growing Equities franchises relative to peers, substantially improving
our global ranking. This was driven by strength in derivatives and continued growth in the equity financing franchise through increased client balances, together with technology investment, which resulted in higher electronic revenues.


Banking fee income decreased 3% to £2,531m as Barclays maintained its highest rank and global fee share in 4 years, including a record year in
Advisory, which was more than offset by debt and equity underwriting fees being down across the industry. Corporate lending income reduced 20% to £878m reflecting the strategy of redeploying RWAs within the CIB towards higher returning
business and the transfer of clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International as part of structural reform. Transaction banking income was stable at £1,627m (2017: £1,629m) as strong and targeted growth in deposits was offset by
the transfer of clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International as part of structural reform.

Consumer, Cards and Payments income
decreased 5% to £4,261m. Excluding material
one-off
 items in both 2017 and 2018, related to US cards portfolio sales and revaluation of Barclays preference shares in Visa Inc, underlying income increased
due to growth in US cards.


Credit impairment charges decreased 56% to £658m. CIB credit impairment charges decreased to a
release of £150m (2017: charge of £213m) primarily due to single name recoveries, improved consensus-based macroeconomic forecasts during the year, the
non-recurrence
 of single name charges in 2017
and the prudent management of credit risk, partially offset by a Q4 2018 £50m specific charge for the anticipated economic uncertainty in the UK. Consumer, Cards and Payments credit impairment charges decreased 38% to £808m reflecting
the
non-recurrence
 of a £168m charge in Q3 2017 relating to deferred consideration from the Q1 2017 asset sale in US cards, improved consensus-based macroeconomic forecasts in the US and the impact of
repositioning the US cards portfolio towards a lower risk mix.

Total operating expenses decreased 2% to £9,661m as continued
investments in business growth, talent and technology were offset by lower restructuring and structural reform costs, and a reduced impact from the change in compensation awards introduced in Q4 2016.


Other net income decreased to £68m (2017: £254m) due to the
non-recurrence
 of a gain of
£109m on the sale of Barclays’ share in VocaLink to MasterCard and a gain of £76m on the sale of a joint venture in Japan in Q2 2017.

Attributable profit increased to £2,441m (2017: £847m) as 2017 was impacted by the
one-off
 tax charge due to the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs.


Loans and advances at amortised cost remained broadly flat at £127.2bn (December 2017: £126.8bn).


Derivative financial instrument assets and liabilities decreased £14.1bn to £222.1bn and £18.2bn to £219.6bn respectively,
due to a decrease in interest rate derivatives, driven by an increase in major interest rate forward curves, and the adoption of daily settlement under the London Clearing House (LCH) rules, partially offset by increased foreign exchange and equity
derivative volumes.

Financial assets at fair value through the income statement increased £40.6bn to £144.7bn primarily due
to the impact of the transition to IFRS 9 and increased reverse repurchase agreements activity.

Total assets increased £6.0bn to
£862.1bn including the transfer of treasury assets from Head Office.


Deposits at amortised cost increased £9.9bn to £197.2bn, due to the integration of
treasury liabilities from Head Office and a strong and targeted increase in deposits.

RWAs are in line at £210.7bn (December 2017:
£210.3bn) as reductions in CIB were offset by increased lending in Consumer, Cards & Payments.

2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax decreased 22% to £3,275 driven by a 4% decrease in total income, an 11% increase in credit impairment
charges and a 4% increase in operating expenses.

Total income decreased 4% to £14,382m, including the 5% appreciation of average
USD and the 7% appreciation of average EUR against GBP, as CIB income decreased 6% to £9,878m, partially offset by a 1% increase in Consumer, Cards and Payments income to £4,504m.


Markets income decreased 15% to £4,504m. Macro income decreased driven by lower market volatility in rates, the exit of the energy-related
commodities business and the integration of
Non-Core
 assets on 1 July 2017. Credit income increased due to improved performance in municipals. Equities income decreased 9% to £1,629m driven by US
equity derivatives as a result of lower market volatility, partially offset by improved performance in equity financing.

Banking income
increased 2% to £5,334m. Banking fee income increased 9% to £2,612m due to higher debt and equity underwriting fees, with fee share gains in banking overall and debt underwriting. Corporate lending declined 9% to £1,093m driven by
lower lending balances due to the realignment of certain clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International in preparation for structural reform and the reallocation of RWAs within CIB, as well as the

non-recurrence
 of prior year treasury gains and lower
work-out
 gains. Transaction banking declined 2% to £1,629m driven by lower trade balances and the
non-recurrence
 of prior year treasury gains, partially offset by higher average deposit balances.


Consumer, Cards and Payments income increased 1% to £4,504m driven by continued business growth, a gain of £192m relating to the Q1 2017
asset sale in US Cards and a valuation gain on Barclays’ preference shares in Visa Inc. of £74m, partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of the £464m gain on the disposal of Barclays’
share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016.


Note


a   All markets ranks and shares; Coalition, FY18 Preliminary Competitor Analysis based on the
Coalition Index and Barclays’ internal business structure.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 189


Financial review


Analysis of results by business


Credit impairment charges increased 11% to £1,506m, including the appreciation of average USD
and EUR against GBP. CIB credit impairment charges decreased 18% to £213m primarily due to the
non-recurrence
 of oil and gas single name charges in 2016, offset by a single name charge in 2017. Consumer,
Cards and Payments credit impairment charges increased 18% to £1,293m primarily due to a £168m charge in Q3 2017 relating to deferred consideration from the Q1 2017 asset sale in US Cards, an increase in underlying delinquency trends and
business growth in US Cards. This was partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of a £120m charge in 2016 following the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling. The 30 and 90 day
arrears rates within US Cards were stable at 2.6% (December 2016: 2.6%) and 1.3% (December 2016: 1.3%) respectively, including a benefit from the Q1 2017 asset sale in US Cards.


Operating expenses increased 4% to £9,855m, including the appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP. CIB operating expenses increased 2%
to £7,742m reflecting a provision of £240m in respect of foreign exchange matters recognised in Q4 2017, continued investment in technology, partially offset by lower restructuring charges and the reduced impact of the change in
compensation awards introduced in Q4 2016. Consumer, Cards and Payments increased 15% to £2,113m including continued growth and investment, primarily within the US Cards and merchant acquiring businesses.


Other net income increased to £254m (2016: £32m) due to a gain of £109m on the sale of Barclays’ share in VocaLink to
MasterCard and a gain of £76m on the sale of a joint venture in Japan.

Attributable profit reduced to £847m (2016:
£2,412m) including the net tax charge due to the remeasurement of US DTAs in Q4 2017.

Loans and advances at amortised cost
decreased £26.9bn to £126.8bn with CIB decreasing £25.8bn to £88.2bn due to a reduction in lending. Consumer, Cards and Payments decreased £1.1bn to £38.6bn due to the depreciation of period end USD against GBP,
partially offset by the realignment of certain clients from Barclays UK to Barclays International in preparation for structural reform.


Trading portfolio assets increased £39.8bn to £113.0bn due to increased activity.


Derivative financial instrument assets and liabilities increased £80.0bn to £236.2bn and £77.2bn to £237.8bn respectively,
reflecting the integration of balances from
Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017, partially offset by adoption of daily settlements under the CME, an increase in major interest rate forward curves and the depreciation
of period end USD against GBP.


Financial assets at fair value through income statement increased £41.8bn to £104.1bn
primarily due to increased reverse repurchase agreements activity.

Deposits at amortised cost increased £2.6bn to £187.3bn,
with Consumer, Cards and Payments increasing £8.6bn to £59.3bn driven by the realignment of certain clients from Barclays UK to Barclays International in preparation for structural reform. CIB decreased £6bn from a reduction in
deposits within the Investment Bank.

RWAs decreased £2.4bn to £210.3bn due to the net impact of the remeasurement of US DTAs
and the depreciation of period end USD against GBP, partially offset by increased trading portfolio and securities financing transaction volumes.


190 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Head Office


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   (781   )   (435   )   (183   )
Net fee, commission and other income   508   276   286
Total income   (273   )   (159   )   103
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   16   (17   )   –
Net operating (expenses)/income   (257   )   (176   )   103
Operating costs   (228   )   (277   )   (135   )
UK bank levy   (13   )   (41   )   (2   )
GMP charge   (140   )   –   –
Litigation and conduct   (1,597   )   (151   )   (27   )
Total operating expenses   (1,978   )   (469   )   (164   )
Other net (expenses)/income   (2   )   (189   )   128
(Loss)/profit before tax   (2,237   )   (834   )   67
Attributable (loss)/profit   (2,205   )   (868   )   110
Balance sheet information
Total assets   £   21.5bn   £39.7bn   £   75.2bn
Risk weighted assets   £   26.0bn   £31.8bn   £   53.3bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent) a   48,500   45,600   100
Performance measures
Average allocated equity   £6.2bn   £10.6bn   £8.0bn
Average allocated tangible equity   £3.1bn   £9.3bn   £6.5bn
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct b
Profit before tax   (640   )   (683   )   94
Attributable profit   (647   )   (731   )   133

Notes


a   As a result of the establishment of Barclays Execution Services in September 2017, employees who
are now employed by Barclays Execution Services and who were previously allocated to, or were within, Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


b   Refer to pages 197 to 200 for more information and calculations of performance measures excluding
litigation and conduct.


2018 compared to 2017


Loss before tax excluding litigation and conduct was £640m (2017: £683m). Including litigation and conduct charges of £1,597m
(2017: £151m) primarily related to the £1,420m settlement with the US DoJ relating to RMBS, loss before tax was £2,237m (2017: £834m).


Total income was an expense of £273m (2017: £159m) reflecting legacy capital instrument funding costs of £351m and hedge
accounting expenses. This was partially offset by a
one-off
 gain of £155m from the settlement of receivables relating to the Lehman Brothers acquisition in Q2 2018, lower net expenses from treasury
operations, higher Absa Group

Limited dividend income and

mark-to-market
 gains on legacy investments.

Operating
expenses excluding litigation and conduct and a GMP charge, reduced to £241m (2017: £318m) driven by lower costs associated with legacy
Non-Core
 assets and businesses, and reduced bank levy. Total
operating expenses of £1,978m (2017: £469m) included litigation and conduct charges of £1,597m (2017: £151m) and a £140m charge for GMP in relation to the


equalisation of obligations for members of the Barclays Bank UKRF.

Other net
expenses were £2m (2017: £189m) due to
non-recurrence
 of a £180m expense in Q2 2017 on the recycling of the currency translation reserve to the income statement on the sale of Barclays Bank
Egypt.

Total assets decreased to £21.5bn (December 2017: £39.7bn) reflecting the transfer of treasury assets to Barclays UK
and Barclays International as part of structural reform.

RWAs decreased to £26.0bn (December 2017: £31.8bn) reflecting the
net reduction due to BAGL regulatory deconsolidation.

2017 compared to 2016


Loss before tax was £834m (2016: profit of £67m).


Total income reduced to an expense of £159m (2016: income of £103m) primarily due to lower net income from treasury operations.


Operating expenses increased to £469m (2016: £164m) due to costs associated with

Non-Core
 assets and businesses, which were integrated on 1 July 2017, and increased


litigation and conduct costs, including a settlement to resolve the civil action brought by the US
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission’s Office of Enforcement and provisions for other legacy redress.

Other net expenses were
£189m (2016: income of £128m) driven by an expense of £180m on the recycling of the currency translation reserve to the income statement on the sale of Barclays Bank Egypt. 2016 included a gain due to recycling of the currency
translation reserve on disposal of the Southern European cards business.

Total assets decreased to £39.7bn (December 2016:
£75.2bn) primarily due to the accounting deconsolidation of BAGL, which accounted for £65bn of total assets on deconsolidation from the Barclays Group. This was partially offset by the integration of

Non-Core
 assets on 1 July 2017, of which c.£9bn related to Italian mortgages.

RWAs
decreased to £31.8bn (December 2016: £53.3bn) reflecting a £31.1bn reduction as a result of the proportional consolidation of BAGL, partially offset by the integration of
Non-Core
 assets.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 191


Financial review


Analysis of results by business


Barclays
Non-Core


2018 £m   2017 a £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   –   (112   )   160
Net trading income   –   (488   )   (1,703   )
Net fee, commission and other income   –   70   379
Total income   –   (530   )   (1,164   )
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   –   (30   )   (122   )
Net operating expenses   –   (560   )   (1,286   )
Operating costs   –   (256   )   (1,509   )
UK bank levy   –   –   (76   )
Litigation and conduct   –   (28   )   (246   )
Total operating expenses   –   (284   )   (1,831   )
Other net income   –   197   331
Loss before tax   –   (647   )   (2,786   )
Attributable loss   –   (419   )   (1,916   )
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost   –   –   £   51.1bn
Derivative financial instrument assets   –   –   £   188.7bn
Derivative financial instrument liabilities   –   –   £   178.6bn
Financial assets designated at fair value   –   –   £   14.5bn
Total assets   –   –   £   279.7bn
Customer deposits   –   –   £   12.5bn
Risk weighted assets   –   –   £   32.1bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent)   –   –   5,500

Note


a   Represents financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2017.


The Barclays
Non-Core
 segment was closed on 1 July 2017
with the residual assets and liabilities reintegrated into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office. Financial results up until 30 June 2017 are reflected in the
Non-Core
 segment within the Barclays Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2017.


192 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


  Discontinued Operation: Africa Banking


2018 £m   2017 a £m   2016 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   –   1,024   2,169
Net fee, commission and other income   –   762   1,577
Total income   –   1,786   3,746
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   –   (177   )   (445   )
Net operating income   –   1,609   3,301
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL   –   (1,130   )   (2,345   )
UK bank levy   –   –   (65   )
Other net income excluding loss on sale of BAGL   –   5   6
Profit before tax excluding impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL and loss on sale of BAGL   –   484   897
Impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL   –   (1,090   )   –
Loss on sale of BAGL   –   (1,435   )   –
(Loss)/profit before tax   –   (2,041   )   897
Tax charge   –   (154   )   (306   )
(Loss)/profit after tax   –   (2,195   )   591
Attributable (loss)/profit   –   (2,335   )   189
Balance sheet information
Total assets   –   –   £   65.1bn
Risk weighted assets   –   –   £   42.3bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent)   –   –   40,800

Note


a   The Africa Banking income statement represents five months of results as a discontinued operation
to 31 May 2017.


Following the reduction of the Barclays Group’s interest in BAGL in 2017, Barclays’
remaining holding of 14.9%, for the year ended 31 December 2017 is reported as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income in the Head Office segment, with Barclays’ share of Absa Group Limited’s dividend
recognised in the Head Office income statement.


The PRA agreed to Barclays fully deconsolidating BAGL for regulatory reporting purposes effective
30 June 2018. Barclays had been applying proportional consolidation for regulatory purposes since Q2 2017. Barclays’ shareholding in Absa Group Limited of 14.9% is now treated as a 250% risk weighted asset.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 193


Financial review


Margins and balances


Margins analysis


Net interest margin decreased 21bps to 3.53% primarily reflecting the full year impact of the integration of Education, Social Housing and Local
Authority (ESHLA) portfolio on 1 July 2017, the mix shift given growth in secured lending and the recategorisation of certain treasury income following ring-fencing (from net interest income to

non-interest
 income). Barclays Group net interest income decreased 8% to £9.1bn including gross structural hedge contributions of £1.7bn (2017: £1.7bn).


2018   2017
For the year ended 31 December   Net interest income £m   Average customer assets £m   Net interest margin %   Net interest income £m   Average customer assets £m   Net interest margin %
Barclays UK   6,028   186,881   3.23   6,086   174,484   3.49
Barclays International a   3,966   96,434   4.11   4,326   104,039   4.16
Total Barclays UK and Barclays International   9,994   283,315   3.53   10,412   278,523   3.74
Other b   (932   )   (567   )
Total net interest income   9,062   9,845

Notes


a   Barclays International margins include interest earning lending balances within the investment
banking business.


b   Other includes Head Office and non-interest earning
lending balances within the investment banking business. Barclays Non-Core is included in the first six months of the comparative period.


194 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review


Non-IFRS
 performance measures


Barclays’ management believes that the
non-IFRS

performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the businesses’ performance between financial
periods, and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence


or are relevant for an assessment of the Barclays Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the
way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management.

However, any
non-IFRS
 performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well.


Non-IFRS
 performance measures glossary


Measure   Definition
Loan: deposit ratio   Loans and advances at amortised cost divided by deposits at amortised cost. The
components of the calculation have been included on page 140.
Period end allocated tangible equity   Allocated tangible equity is calculated as 13.0% (2017: 12.0%) of RWAs for each
business, adjusted for capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Barclays Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the
Barclays Group’s tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses.
Average tangible shareholders’ equity   Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible equity and
the current month’s period end tangible equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period.
Average allocated tangible equity   Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible
equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period.
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity   Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests and other equity
instruments adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill. The components of the calculation have been included on page 196.
Return on average allocated tangible equity   Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The components of the calculation have been included on pages 196.
Cost: income ratio   Total operating expenses divided by total income.
Loan loss rate   Quoted in basis points and represents total impairment charges divided by gross loans
and advances held at amortised cost at the balance sheet date. The components of the calculation have been included on page 107.
Net interest margin   Net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets. The components of
the calculation have been included on page 194.
Tangible net asset value per share   Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 199.
Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct   Calculated by excluding litigation and conduct charges from performance measures. The
components of the calculations have been included on pages 197 to 200.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 195


Financial review


Non-IFRS
 performance measures


Returns


Return on average tangible equity is calculated as profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (adjusted for the tax
credit recorded in reserves in respect of interest payments on other equity instruments) divided by average tangible equity for the period, excluding
non-controlling
 and other equity interests for businesses.


Allocated tangible equity has been calculated as 13.0% (2017: 12.0%) of RWAs for each business,
adjusted for capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Barclays Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office average allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the Barclays
Group’s average tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses.


Attributable profit/(loss) £m   Tax
credit in respect of interest payments on other equity instruments £m   Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent £m   Average tangible equity £bn   Return on average tangible equity %
For the year ended 31 December 2018
Barclays UK   1,158   40   1,198   10.0   11.9
Corporate and Investment Bank   1,641   140   1,781   26.0   6.9
Consumer, Cards and Payments   800   18   818   5.0   16.5
Barclays International   2,441   158   2,599   31.0   8.4
Head Office   (2,205   )   5   (2,200   )   3.1   n/m
Barclays Group   1,394   203   1,597   44.1   3.6
For the year ended 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   853   40   893   9.1   9.8
Corporate and Investment Bank   167   102   269   24.0   1.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   680   18   698   4.2   16.7
Barclays International   847   120   967   28.1   3.4
Head Office a   (868   )   4   (864   )   9.3   n/m
Barclays Non-Core   (419   )   10   (409   )   2.4   n/m
Africa Banking discontinued operation a   (2,335   )   –   (2,335   )   n/m   n/m
Barclays Group   (1,922   )   174   (1,748   )   48.9   (3.6   )
For the year ended 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   828   29   857   8.9   9.6
Corporate and Investment Bank   1,270   72   1,342   21.9   6.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   1,142   11   1,153   3.6   31.4
Barclays International   2,412   83   2,495   25.5   9.8
Head Office a   110   (1   )   109   6.5   n/m
Barclays Non-Core   (1,916   )   17   (1,899   )   7.8   n/m
Africa Banking discontinued operation a   189   –   189   n/m   n/m
Barclays Group   1,623   128   1,751   48.7   3.6

Note


a   Average allocated tangible equity for Africa Banking is included within Head Office.


196 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct


For the year ended 31 December 2018
Cost: income ratio   Barclays UK £m   Corporate and Investment Bank £m   Consumer, Cards and Payments £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office £m   Barclays Group £m
Total operating expenses   (4,604   )   (7,349   )   (2,312   )   (9,661   )   (1,978   )   (16,243   )
Impact of litigation and conduct   483   68   59   127   1,597   2,207
Operating expenses   (4,121   )   (7,281   )   (2,253   )   (9,534   )   (381   )   (14,036   )
Total income   7,383   9,765   4,261   14,026   (273   )   21,136
Cost: income ratio excluding litigation and
conduct   56%   75%   53%   68%   n/m   66%
Profit before tax
Profit/(loss) before tax   1,956   2,593   1,182   3,775   (2,237   )   3,494
Impact of litigation and conduct   483   68   59   127   1,597   2,207
Profit/(loss) before tax excluding litigation and
conduct   2,439   2,661   1,241   3,902   (640   )   5,701
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent
Attributable profit/(loss)   1,158   1,641   800   2,441   (2,205   )   1,394
Post-tax impact of
litigation and conduct   472   62   44   106   1,558   2,136
Attributable profit/(loss) excluding litigation and conduct   1,630   1,703   844   2,547   (647   )   3,530
Tax credit in respect of interest payments on other equity
instruments   40   140   18   158   5   203
Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent excluding litigation and conduct   1,670   1,843   862   2,705   (642   )   3,733
Return on average tangible shareholders’
equity
Average shareholders’ equity   £13.6bn   £26.2bn   £6.1bn   £32.3bn   £6.2bn   £52.1bn
Goodwill and intangibles   (£3.6bn   )   (£0.2bn   )   (£1.1bn   )   (£1.3bn   )   (£3.1bn   )   (£8.0bn   )
Average tangible shareholders’ equity   £10.0bn   £26.0bn   £5.0bn   £31.0bn   £3.1bn   £44.1bn
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity excluding
litigation and conduct   16.7%   7.1%   17.3%   8.7%   n/m   8.5%
Barclays Group average tangible shareholders’ equity based on a
CET1 ratio of 13%   £45.0bn
Barclays Group return on average tangible shareholders’
equity excluding litigation and conduct based on a CET1 ratio of 13%   8.3%
Basic earnings per ordinary share
Basic weighted average number of shares   17,075m
Basic earnings per ordinary share excluding litigation and
conduct   21.9p


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 197


Financial review


Non-IFRS
 performance measures


For the year ended
31 December 2017
Cost: income ratio   Barclays UK £m   Corporate and Investment Bank £m   Consumer, Cards and Payments £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office a £m   Barclays Group b £m
Total operating expenses   (4,848   )   (7,742   )   (2,113   )   (9,855   )   (469   )   (15,456   )
Impact of litigation and conduct   759   267   2   269   151   1,207
Operating expenses   (4,089   )   (7,475   )   (2,111   )   (9,586   )   (318   )   (14,249   )
Total income   7,383   9,878   4,504   14,382   (159   )   21,076
Cost: income ratio excluding litigation and
conduct   55%   76%   47%   67%   n/m   68%
Profit before tax
Profit/(loss) before tax   1,747   2,056   1,219   3,275   (834   )   3,541
Impact of litigation and conduct   759   267   2   269   151   1,207
Profit/(loss) before tax excluding litigation and
conduct   2,506   2,323   1,221   3,544   (683   )   4,748
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent
Attributable profit/(loss)   853   167   680   847   (868   )   (1,922   )
Post-tax impact of
litigation and conduct   733   259   1   260   137   1,150
Attributable profit/(loss) excluding litigation and conduct   1,586   426   681   1,107   (731   )   (772   )
Tax credit in respect of interest payments on other equity
instruments   40   102   18   120   4   174
Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent excluding litigation and conduct   1,626   528   699   1,227   (727   )   (598   )
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity
Average shareholders’ equity   £13.6bn   £24.9bn   £5.6bn   £30.5bn   £10.6bn   £57.1bn
Goodwill and intangibles   (£4.4bn   )   (£1.0bn   )   (£1.4bn   )   (£2.4bn   )   (£1.4bn   )   (£8.2bn   )
Average tangible shareholders’ equity   £9.1bn   £24.0bn   £4.2bn   £28.1bn   £9.3bn   £48.9bn
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity excluding
litigation and conduct   17.8%   2.2%   16.8%   4.4%   n/m   (1.2%   )
Basic earnings per ordinary share
Basic weighted average number of shares   16,996m
Basic loss per ordinary share excluding litigation and
conduct   (3.5p   )

Notes


a   Average tangible shareholders’ equity for Africa is included within Head Office.


b   Barclays Group results also included Barclays Non-Core and
the Africa Banking discontinued operation.


198 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


For the year ended 31 December 2016
Cost: income ratio   Barclays UK £m   Corporate and Investment Bank £m   Consumer, Cards and Payments £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office a £m   Barclays Group b £m
Total operating expenses   (4,882   )   (7,624   )   (1,837   )   (9,461   )   (164   )   (16,338   )
Impact of litigation and conduct   1,042   45   3   48   27   1,363
Operating expenses   (3,840   )   (7,579   )   (1,834   )   (9,413   )   (137   )   (14,975   )
Total income   7,517   10,533   4,462   14,995   103   21,451
Cost: income ratio excluding litigation and
conduct   51%   72%   41%   63%   n/m   70%
Profit before tax
Profit before tax   1,738   2,650   1,561   4,211   67   3,230
Impact of litigation and conduct   1,042   45   3   48   27   1,363
Profit before tax excluding litigation and
conduct   2,780   2,695   1,564   4,259   94   4,593
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
parent
Attributable profit   828   1,270   1,142   2,412   110   1,623
Post-tax impact of
litigation and conduct   1,034   44   1   45   23   1,285
Attributable profit excluding litigation and conduct   1,862   1,314   1,143   2,457   133   2,908
Tax credit in respect of interest payments on other equity
instruments   29   72   11   83   (1   )   128
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
excluding litigation and conduct   1,891   1,386   1,154   2,540   132   3,036
Return on average tangible shareholders’
equity
Average shareholders’ equity   £13.4bn   £23.2bn   £5.0bn   £28.2bn   £8.0bn   £57.4bn
Goodwill and intangibles   (£4.5bn   )   (£1.4bn   )   (£1.3bn   )   (£2.7bn   )   (£1.4bn   )   (£8.7bn   )
Average tangible shareholders’ equity   £8.9bn   £21.9bn   £3.6bn   £25.5bn   £6.5bn   £48.7bn
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity excluding
litigation and conduct   21.3%   6.3%   31.5%   9.9%   n/m   6.2%
Basic earnings per ordinary share
Basic weighted average number of shares   16,860m
Basic earnings per ordinary share excluding litigation and
conduct   18.0p

Notes


a   Average tangible shareholders’ equity for Africa is included within Head Office.


b   Barclays Group results also included Barclays Non-Core and
the Africa Banking discontinued operation.

Tangible net asset value


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   62,556   63,905   64,873
Other equity instruments   (9,632   )   (8,941   )   (6,449   )
Shareholder’s equity excluding non-controlling interests
attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent   52,924   54,964   58,424
Goodwill and intangibles a   (7,973   )   (7,849   )   (9,245   )
Tangible shareholders’ equity attributable to ordinary
shareholders of the parent   44,951   47,115   49,179
Shares in issue   17,133m   17,060m   16,963m
Net asset value per share   309p   322p   334p
Tangible net asset value per share   262p   276p   290p

Note


a   Comparative figures for 2016 include goodwill and intangibles in relation to Africa Banking.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 199


Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent   2018   2017   2016
£m   £m   £m
Barclays UK   1,198   893   857
Corporate and Investment Bank   1,781   269   1,342
Consumer, Cards and Payments   818   698   1,153
Barclays International   2,599   967   2,495
Head Office   (2,200)   (864)   109
Barclays Non-Core   -   (409)   (1,899)
Africa Banking discontinued operation   -   (2,335)   189
Barclays Group   1,597   (1,748)   1,751
Average
allocated equity a   2018   2017   2016
£bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays UK   13.6   13.6   13.4
Corporate and Investment Bank   26.2   24.9   23.2
Consumer, Cards and Payments   6.1   5.6   5.0
Barclays International   32.3   30.5   28.2
Head Office b   6.2   10.6   8.0
Barclays Non-Core   -   2.4   7.8
Barclays Group   52.1   57.1   57.4
Return on
average allocated equity c   2018   2017   2016
%   %   %
Barclays UK   8.8%   6.6%   6.4%
Corporate and Investment Bank   6.8%   1.1%   5.8%
Consumer, Cards and Payments   13.5%   12.5%   23.1%
Barclays International   8.1%   3.2%   8.8%
Barclays
Group d   3.1%   (3.1%)   3.0%

Notes


a   This table shows average equity for the Group and average allocated equity for both the IFRS and non-IFRS reporting segments.


b   Includes the Africa Banking discontinued operation.


c   This table shows return on average equity for the Group and return on average allocated equity for
both the IFRS and non-IFRS reporting segments.


d   Includes Head Office and Barclays Non-Core.


200 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Presentation of information


Barclays approach to disclosures


Barclays aims to continually enhance its disclosures and their usefulness to the readers of the financial statements in the light of developing
market practice and areas of focus. Consequently Barclays’ disclosures go beyond the minimum standards required by accounting standards and other regulatory requirements.


Barclays continues to support the recommendations and guidance made by the Financial Stability Board and its various taskforces which continue to
promote a broadening of disclosures by global banks in a number of areas, including liquidity and funding, credit risk and market risk. Barclays has adopted the recommendations across the Annual Report and Pillar 3 Report.


In line with the Financial Reporting Council’s guidance on Clear and Concise reporting, Barclays has focused reporting on material items and
sought to present information in order to aid users’ understanding such as including detail on relevant accounting policies within each note.

British Bankers’ Association (BBA) Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure as adopted by UK Finance in 2017


Barclays has adopted the BBA Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure and has prepared the 2018 Annual Report and Accounts in compliance with the
Code.

It is Barclays’ view that best in class disclosures will continue to evolve in light of ongoing market and stakeholder
engagement within the banking sector. Barclays is committed to continuously reflect the objectives of reporting set out in the BBA Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure. This code sets out five disclosure principles together with supporting
guidance which states that UK banks will:


◾   provide high quality, meaningful and decision-useful disclosures


◾   review and enhance their financial instrument disclosures for key areas of interest


◾   assess the applicability and relevance of good practice recommendations to their disclosures acknowledging the importance of such guidance


◾   seek to enhance the comparability of financial statement disclosures across the UK banking sector and


◾   clearly differentiate in their annual reports between information that is audited and information that is unaudited.


Statutory accounts


The consolidated accounts of Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries (set out on pages 205 to 211 along with the accounts of Barclays PLC itself on pages
212 to 213) have been prepared in accordance with the IFRSs as adopted by the European Union. The accounting policies on pages 214 to 217 and the notes commencing on page 218 apply equally to both sets of accounts unless otherwise stated.


Capital Requirements
Country-by
 Country Reporting


The Capital Requirements
(Country-by-Country
 Reporting) Regulations
2013 require Barclays PLC to publish additional information in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018. This information is available on the Barclays website:


barclays.com/citizenship/our-reporting-and-policy


-positions/country-snapshot


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 201


Financial statements


Detailed analysis of our statutory accounts, independently audited and providing in-depth disclosure on the financial performance of the Barclays Group.


Consolidated financial statements   Page   Note
◾ Consolidated
income statement   205   n/a
◾ Consolidated
statement of comprehensive income   206   n/a
◾ Consolidated
balance sheet   207   n/a
◾ Consolidated
statement of changes in equity   208   n/a
◾ Consolidated
cash flow statement   211   n/a
◾ Parent company accounts   212   n/a
Notes to the financial statements
◾ Significant accounting policies   214   1
Performance/return   ◾ Segmental reporting   218   2
◾ Net interest
income   220   3
◾ Net fee and
commission income   220   4
◾ Net trading
income   222   5
◾ Net
investment income   222   6
◾ Credit
impairment charges and other provisions   223   7
◾ Operating
expenses   227   8
◾ Tax   228   9
◾ Earnings per
share   232   10
◾ Dividends on ordinary shares   232   11
Assets and liabilities held at fair
value   ◾ Trading portfolio   233   12
◾ Financial
assets at fair value through the income statement   233   13
◾ Derivative
financial instruments   234   14
◾ Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and Financial
investments   240   15
◾ Financial
liabilities designated at fair value   240   16
◾ Fair value
of financial instruments   241   17
◾ Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities   255   18
Financial instruments held
at   ◾ Loans and advances and deposits at amortised cost   257   19
amortised cost   ◾ Finance leases   258   20
Non-current assets and other   ◾ Property, plant and equipment   259   21
investments   ◾ Goodwill and
intangible assets   260   22
◾ Operating leases   262   23
Accruals, provisions,
contingent   ◾ Other liabilities   263   24
liabilities and legal proceedings   ◾ Provisions   263   25
◾ Contingent
liabilities and commitments   265   26
◾ Legal, competition and regulatory matters   265   27
Capital instruments, equity
and   ◾ Subordinated liabilities   273   28
reserves   ◾ Ordinary
shares, share premium and other equity   276   29
◾ Reserves   277   30
◾ Non-controlling interests   278   31
Employee benefits   ◾ Share-based payments   279   32
◾ Pensions and post-retirement benefits   281   33
Scope of consolidation   ◾ Principal subsidiaries   286   34
◾ Structured
entities   287   35
◾ Investments
in associates and joint ventures   290   36
◾ Securitisations   291   37
◾ Assets pledged   292   38
Other disclosure matters   ◾ Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration   293   39
◾ Auditors’
 remuneration   295   40
◾ Discontinued operations and assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities   295   41
◾ Transition
disclosures   297   42
◾ Barclays PLC (the Parent company)   304   43


202 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Barclays PLC:


Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barclays PLC and subsidiaries (the Group) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the
related consolidated income statements, consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity, and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2018, and
the related notes and specific disclosures described in Note 1 of the financial statements as being part of the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited, in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended
December 31, 2018, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also, in our opinion, the Group maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


Change in Accounting Principle


As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group has changed its method of accounting for financial instruments in 2018 due to the adoption of International Financial Reporting Standard 9 Financial
Instruments.

Basis for Opinions


The Group’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.


Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as
the Group’s auditor since 2017.

London, United Kingdom


February 20, 2019


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 203


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Barclays PLC


In our opinion, the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016,
present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of Barclays PLC (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted
our audit of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

London, United Kingdom


February 22, 2017

Note that the
report set out above is included for the purposes of Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2018 only and does not form part of Barclays PLC’s Annual Report and Accounts for 2018.


204 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated income statement


For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Continuing operations
Interest income   3   14,541   13,631   14,541
Interest expense   3   (5,479   )   (3,786   )   (4,004   )
Net interest income   9,062   9,845   10,537
Fee and commission income   4   8,893   8,751   8,570
Fee and commission expense   4   (2,084   )   (1,937   )   (1,802   )
Net fee and commission income   6,809   6,814   6,768
Net trading income   5   4,566   3,500   2,768
Net investment income   6   585   861   1,324
Other income   114   56   54
Total income   21,136   21,076   21,451
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   7   (1,468   )   (2,336   )   (2,373   )
Net operating income   19,668   18,740   19,078
Staff costs   8   (8,629   )   (8,560   )   (9,423   )
Infrastructure costs   8   (2,950   )   (2,949   )   (2,998   )
Administration and general expenses a   8   (2,457   )   (2,740   )   (2,554   )
Provisions for litigation and conduct a   8   (2,207   )   (1,207   )   (1,363   )
Operating expenses   8   (16,243   )   (15,456   )   (16,338   )
Share of post-tax results of associates and joint
ventures   69   70   70
Profit on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures   –   187   420
Profit before tax   3,494   3,541   3,230
Taxation   9   (1,122   )   (2,240   )   (993   )
Profit after tax in respect of continuing operations   2,372   1,301   2,237
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued
operation   –   (2,195   )   591
Profit/(loss) after tax   2,372   (894   )   2,828
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   1,394   (1,922   )   1,623
Other equity instrument holders   752   639   457
Total equity holders of the parent   2,146   (1,283   )   2,080
Non-controlling interests in respect of continuing
operations   31   226   249   346
Non-controlling interests in
respect of discontinued operation   31   –   140   402
Profit/(loss) after tax   2,372   (894   )   2,828
Earnings per share
Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share   10   9.4   (10.3   )   10.4
Basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   10   9.4   3.5   9.3
Basic (loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of discontinued operation   10   –   (13.8   )   1.1
Diluted earnings/(loss) per share   10   9.2   (10.1   )   10.3
Diluted earnings per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   10   9.2   3.4   9.2
Diluted (loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of
discontinued operation   10   –   (13.5   )   1.1

Note


a   The presentation of administration and general expenses has been amended to include provisions for
litigation and conduct as a separate line item. The prior year comparatives within administration and general expenses categories have been adjusted accordingly.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 205


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income


For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Profit/(loss) after tax   2,372   (894   )   2,828
Profit after tax in respect of continuing operations   2,372   1,301   2,237
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued
operation   –   (2,195   )   591
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be recycled to profit or loss from continuing
operations:
Currency translation reserve
Currency translation differences a   834   (1,337   )   3,024
Available for sale reserve b
Net gains from changes in fair value   –   473   2,147
Net gains transferred to net profit on disposal   –   (294   )   (912   )
Net losses transferred to net profit due to impairment   –   3   20
Net losses/(gains) transferred to net profit due to fair value hedging   –   283   (1,677   )
Changes in insurance liabilities and other movements   –   11   53
Tax   –   (27   )   (18   )
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve b
Net losses from changes in fair value   (553   )   –   –
Net losses transferred to net profit on disposal   48   –   –
Net losses transferred to net profit due to impairment   4   –   –
Net losses transferred to net profit due to fair value hedging   236   –   –
Other movements   (26   )   –   –
Tax   65   –   –
Cash flow hedging reserve
Net (losses)/gains from changes in fair value   (344   )   (626   )   1,455
Net gains transferred to net profit   (332   )   (643   )   (365   )
Tax   175   321   (292   )
Other   30   (5   )   13
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be recycled to profit or loss from continuing
operations   137   (1,841   )   3,448
Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss
from continuing operations:
Retirement benefit remeasurements   412   115   (1,309   )
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve   (260   )   –   –
Own credit   77   (7   )   –
Tax   (118   )   (66   )   329
Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss from continuing
operations   111   42   (980   )
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year from continuing
operations   248   (1,799   )   2,468
Other comprehensive income for the year from discontinued
operation   –   1,301   1,520
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
year
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax from continuing operations   2,620   (498   )   4,705
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax from
discontinued operation   –   (894   )   2,111
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
year   2,620   (1,392   )   6,816
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   2,394   (1,749   )   5,233
Non-controlling interests   226   357   1,583
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
year   2,620   (1,392   )   6,816

Notes


a   Includes £41m loss (2017: £189m loss; 2016: £101m gain) on recycling of currency
translation differences.


b   Following the adoption of IFRS 9, Financial Instruments on 1 January 2018, the fair value
through other comprehensive income reserve was introduced replacing the available for sale reserve.


206 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated balance sheet


As at 31 December   Notes   2018 £m   2017 a £m   2016 a £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   171,082   102,353
Cash collateral and settlement balances   77,222   77,168   90,135
Loans and advances at amortised cost   19   326,406   324,048   345,900
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,308   12,546   13,454
Trading portfolio assets   12   104,187   113,760   80,240
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   13   149,648   116,281   78,608
Derivative financial instruments   14   222,538   237,669   346,626
Financial investments   –   58,915   63,317
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   15   52,816   –   –
Investments in associates and joint ventures   36   762   718   684
Goodwill and intangible assets   22   7,973   7,849   7,726
Property, plant and equipment   21   2,535   2,572   2,825
Current tax assets   9   798   482   561
Deferred tax assets   9   3,828   3,457   4,869
Retirement benefit assets   33   1,768   966   14
Other assets   3,425   4,542   4,360
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale   41   –   1,193   71,454
Total assets   1,133,283   1,133,248   1,213,126
Liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost   394,838   398,701   390,744
Cash collateral and settlement balances   67,522   68,143   80,648
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   18,578   40,338   19,760
Debt securities in issue   82,286   73,314   75,932
Subordinated liabilities   28   20,559   23,826   23,383
Trading portfolio liabilities   12   37,882   37,351   34,687
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   16   216,834   173,718   96,031
Derivative financial instruments   14   219,643   238,345   340,487
Current tax liabilities   9   628   586   737
Deferred tax liabilities   9   51   44   29
Retirement benefit liabilities   33   315   312   390
Other liabilities   24   7,716   9,011   9,507
Provisions   25   2,652   3,543   4,134
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale   41   –   –   65,292
Total liabilities   1,069,504   1,067,232   1,141,761
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   29   4,311   22,045   21,842
Other equity instruments   29   9,632   8,941   6,449
Other reserves   30   5,153   5,383   6,051
Retained earnings   43,460   27,536   30,531
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   62,556   63,905   64,873
Non-controlling interests   31   1,223   2,111   6,492
Total equity   63,779   66,016   71,365
Total liabilities and equity   1,133,283   1,133,248   1,213,126

Note


a   Barclays introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December 2017 as a
result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. The comparatives as at 31 December 2016 have been updated to reflect this presentation change. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in
Note 1 on pages 216 to 218, Note 42 on pages 297 to 304, and the Credit risk disclosures on pages 103 to 129.

The
Board of Directors approved the financial statements on pages 205 to 385, on 20 February 2019.

John McFarlane


Group Chairman

James E Staley


Group Chief Executive

Tushar Morzaria

Group Finance Director


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 207


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called
up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instru- ments a £m   Available for
sale reserve b £m   Fair value through other compre- hensive income reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Other reserves and treasury shares b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,941   364   –   1,161   3,054   (179   )   983   27,536   63,905   2,111   66,016
Effects of changes in accounting policies c   –   –   (364   )   228   –   –   –   –   (2,014   )   (2,150   )   –   (2,150   )
Balance as at 1 January 2018   22,045   8,941   –   228   1,161   3,054   (179   )   983   25,522   61,755   2,111   63,866
Profit after tax   –   752   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,394   2,146   226   2,372
Currency translation movements   –   –   –   –   –   834   –   –   –   834   –   834
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve   –   –   –   (486   )   –   –   –   –   –   (486   )   –   (486   )
Cash flow hedges   –   –   –   –   (501   )   –   –   –   –   (501   )   –   (501   )
Retirement benefit remeasurements   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   313   313   –   313
Own credit reserve   –   –   –   –   –   –   58   –   –   58   –   58
Other   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   30   30   –   30
Total comprehensive income for the year   –   752   –   (486   )   (501   )   834   58   –   1,737   2,394   226   2,620
Issue of new ordinary shares   88   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   88   –   88
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   51   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   449   500   –   500
Capital reorganisation   (17,873   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   17,873   –   –   –
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   692   –   –   –   –   –   –   (308   )   384   –   384
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (752   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   203   (549   )   –   (549   )
Redemption of preference shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (732   )   (732   )   (1,309   )   (2,041   )
Debt to equity reclassification d   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   419   419
Increase in treasury shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (267   )   –   (267   )   –   (267   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   268   (499   )   (231   )   –   (231   )
Dividends paid   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (768   )   (768   )   (226   )   (994   )
Other reserve movements   –   (1   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   (17   )   (18   )   2   (16   )
Balance as at 31 December 2018   4,311   9,632   –   (258   )   660   3,888   (121   )   984   43,460   62,556   1,223   63,779

Notes


a   For further details refer to Note 29.


b   For further details refer to Note 30.


c   Following the adoption of IFRS 9, Financial Instruments on 1 January 2018, the fair value
through other comprehensive income reserve was introduced replacing the available for sale reserve. From the opening balance of the available for sale reserve of £364m, £228m has been reclassified to the fair value through other
comprehensive income reserve, £139m has been reclassified to retained earnings and an impairment charge of £3m has been recognised through to retained earnings.


d   Following a review of subordinated liabilities issued by Barclays Bank PLC, certain instruments
deemed to have characteristics that qualify them as equity have been reclassified.


208 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instru- ments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Other reserves and treasury shares b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   –   969   30,531   64,873   6,492   71,365
Effects of changes in accounting policies c   –   –   –   –   –   (175   )   –   175   –   –   –
Balance as at 1 January 2017   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   (175   )   969   30,706   64,873   6,492   71,365
Profit after tax   –   639   –   –   –   –   –   413   1,052   249   1,301
Currency translation movements   –   –   –   –   (1,336   )   –   –   –   (1,336   )   (1   )   (1,337   )
Available for sale investments   –   –   449   –   –   –   –   –   449   –   449
Cash flow hedges   –   –   –   (948   )   –   –   –   –   (948   )   –   (948   )
Retirement benefit remeasurements   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   53   53   –   53
Own credit reserve   –   –   –   –   –   (11   )   –   –   (11   )   –   (11   )
Other   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (5   )   (5   )   –   (5   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   –   639   449   (948   )   (1,336   )   (11   )   –   461   (746   )   248   (498   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued
operation   –   –   (11   )   4   1,339   –   –   (2,335   )   (1,003   )   109   (894   )
Total comprehensive income for the year   –   639   438   (944   )   3   (11   )   –   (1,874   )   (1,749   )   357   (1,392   )
Issue of new ordinary shares   117   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   117   –   117
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   86   –   –   –   –   –   –   505   591   –   591
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   2,490   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,490   –   2,490
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (639   )   –   –   –   –   –   174   (465   )   –   (465   )
Redemption of preference shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (479   )   (479   )   (860   )   (1,339   )
Increase in treasury shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   (315   )   –   (315   )   –   (315   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   –   –   329   (636   )   (307   )   –   (307   )
Dividends paid   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (509   )   (509   )   (415   )   (924   )
Net equity impact of partial BAGL disposal   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (359   )   (359   )   (3,462   )   (3,821   )
Other reserve movements   –   2   –   –   –   7   –   8   17   (1   )   16
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,941   364   1,161   3,054   (179   )   983   27,536   63,905   2,111   66,016

Notes


a   For further details refer to Note 29.


b   For further details refer to Note 30.


c   As a result of the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017,
own credit which was previously recorded in the income statement is now recognised within other comprehensive income. The cumulative unrealised own credit net loss of £175m was therefore reclassified from retained earnings to a separate own
credit reserve, within other reserves. During 2017, a £4m loss (net of tax) on own credit was booked in the reserve.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 209


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called
up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instruments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash
flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Other reserves and treasury shares b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 1 January 2016   21,586   5,305   317   1,261   (623   )   943   31,021   59,810   6,054   65,864
Profit after tax   -   457   -   -   -   -   1,434   1,891   346   2,237
Currency translation movements   -   -   -   -   3,022   -   -   3,022   2   3,024
Available for sale investments   -   -   (387   )   -   -   -   -   (387   )   -   (387   )
Cash flow hedges   -   -   -   798   -   -   -   798   -   798
Pension remeasurement   -   -   -   -   -   -   (980   )   (980   )   -   (980   )
Other   -   -   -   -   -   -   12   12   1   13
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   -   457   (387   )   798   3,022   -   466   4,356   349   4,705
Total comprehensive income net of tax
from discontinued operation   -   -   (4   )   46   652   -   183   877   1,234   2,111
Total comprehensive income for the year   -   457   (391   )   844   3,674   -   649   5,233   1,583   6,816
Issue of new ordinary shares   68   -   -   -   -   -   -   68   -   68
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   188   -   -   -   -   -   668   856   -   856
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   -   1,132   -   -   -   -   -   1,132   -   1,132
Other equity instruments coupons paid   -   (457   )   -   -   -   -   128   (329   )   -   (329   )
Redemption of preference shares   -   -   -   -   -   -   (417   )   (417   )   (1,170   )   (1,587   )
Increase in treasury shares   -   -   -   -   -   (140   )   -   (140   )   -   (140   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   -   -   -   -   -   166   (415   )   (249   )   -   (249   )
Dividends paid   -   -   -   -   -   -   (757   )   (757   )   (575   )   (1,332   )
Net equity impact of partial BAGL disposal   -   -   -   -   -   -   (349   )   (349   )   601   252
Other reserve movements   -   12   -   -   -   -   3   15   (1   )   14
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   969   30,531   64,873   6,492   71,365


Notes


a   For further details refer to Note 29.


b   For further details refer to Note 30.


210 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated cash flow statement


For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Continuing operations
Reconciliation of profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax   3,494   3,541   3,230
Adjustment for non–cash items:   –
Allowance for impairment   1,468   2,336   2,357
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant, equipment and intangibles   1,261   1,241   1,261
Other provisions, including pensions   2,594   1,875   1,964
Net loss/(profit) on disposal of investments and property, plant and equipment   28   (325   )   (912   )
Other non–cash movements including exchange rate movements   (4,366   )   1,031   (20,025   )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities   –
Net increase in cash collateral and settlement balances   (574   )   (3,713   )   348
Net (increase)/decrease in loans and advances to banks and customers   (10,602   )   18,569   (20,055   )
Net (increase)/decrease in reverse repurchase agreements and other similar lending   (1,711   )   908   14,733
Net increase in deposits and debt securities in issue   23,969   5,339   43,386
Net increase/(decrease) in repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing   3,525   20,578   (4,852   )
Net (increase)/decrease in derivative financial instruments   (3,571   )   6,815   (2,318   )
Net decrease/(increase) in trading assets   9,958   (33,492   )   (5,577   )
Net increase in trading liabilities   531   2,664   880
Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets and liabilities at fair value through the income statement   (12,686   )   40,014   807
Net decrease/(increase) in other assets   489   (3,775   )   (2,629   )
Net decrease in other liabilities   (4,755   )   (2,187   )   (532   )
Corporate income tax paid   9   (548   )   (708   )   (780   )
Net cash from operating activities   8,504   60,711   11,286
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   (106,669   )   –   –
Purchase of available for sale investments   –   (83,127   )   (65,086   )
Proceeds from sale or redemption of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   107,539   –   –
Proceeds from sale or redemption of available for sale investments   –   88,298   102,515
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   (1,402   )   (1,456   )   (1,707   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   18   283   358
Disposal of discontinued operation, net of cash disposed   –   (1,060   )   –
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed   –   358   595
Other cash flows associated with investing activities   1,191   206   32
Net cash from investing activities   677   3,502   36,707
Dividends paid and other coupon payments on equity instruments   (1,658   )   (1,273   )   (1,304   )
Issuance of subordinated debt   28   221   3,041   1,457
Redemption of subordinated debt   28   (3,246   )   (1,378   )   (1,143   )
Net issue of shares and other equity instruments   1,964   2,490   1,400
Repurchase of shares and other equity instruments   (3,582   )   (1,339   )   (1,587   )
Net purchase of treasury shares   (486   )   (580   )   (140   )
Net cash from financing activities   (6,787   )   961   (1,317   )
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   4,160   (4,773   )   10,473
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations   6,554   60,401   57,149
Net cash from discontinued operation   41   –   101   405
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   6,554   60,502   57,554
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   204,612   144,110   86,556
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   211,166   204,612   144,110
Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
Cash and balances at central banks   177,069   171,082   102,353
Loans and advances to banks with original maturity less than three months   7,676   7,592   8,850
Cash collateral to banks with original maturity less than three months   25,504   25,228   29,402
Treasury and other eligible bills with original maturity less than three months   917   682   356
Trading portfolio assets with original maturity less than three months   –   28   –
Cash and cash equivalents held for sale   –   –   3,149
211,166   204,612   144,110

Interest received was £25,755m (2017: £21,784m; 2016: £22,099m) and interest paid was
£15,625m (2017: £10,310m; 2016: £8,850m).

The Barclays Group is required to maintain balances with central banks and
other regulatory authorities and these amounted to £4,717m (2017: £3,360m; 2016: £4,254m).

For the purposes of the
cash flow statement, cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits and cash equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in value with original maturities of three months or
less. Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are not considered to be part of cash equivalents.

.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 211


Financial statements of Barclays PLC


Parent company accounts


Statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Dividends received from subsidiaries   43   15,360   674   621
Net interest expense   (101   )   (10   )   5
Other income   43   923   690   334
Operating expenses   (312   )   (96   )   (26   )
Profit before tax   15,870   1,258   934
Taxation   (64   )   (111   )   (60   )
Profit after tax   15,806   1,147   874
Other comprehensive income   –   60   26
Total comprehensive income   15,806   1,207   900
Profit after tax attributable to:
Ordinary equity holders   15,054   508   417
Other equity instrument holders   752   639   457
Profit after tax   15,806   1,147   874
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Ordinary equity holders   15,054   568   443
Other equity instrument holders   752   639   457
Total comprehensive income   15,806   1,207   900
For the year ended 31 December 2018,
profit after tax was £15,806m (2017: £1,147m) and total comprehensive income was £15,806m (2017: £1,207m). Other comprehensive income of £60m in 2017 related to the gain on available for sale instruments. The Company
has 87 members of staff (2017: 90).
Balance sheet
As at 31 December   Notes   2018 £m   2017 £m
Assets
Investment in subsidiaries   43   57,374   39,354
Loans and advances to subsidiaries   43   29,374   23,970
Financial investments   43   –   4,782
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   43   6,945   –
Derivative financial instruments   43   168   161
Other assets   115   202
Total assets   93,976   68,469
Liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost   576   500
Subordinated liabilities   43   6,775   6,501
Debt securities in issue   43   32,373   22,110
Other liabilities   72   153
Total liabilities   39,796   29,264
Equity
Called up share capital   29   4,283   4,265
Share premium account   29   28   17,780
Other equity instruments   29   9,633   8,943
Other reserves   394   480
Retained earnings   39,842   7,737
Total equity   54,180   39,205
Total liabilities and equity   93,976   68,469

The financial statements on pages 212 to 213 and the accompanying note on page 304 were approved by the Board of
Directors on 20 February 2019 and signed on its behalf by:

John McFarlane


Group Chairman

James E Staley


Group Chief Executive

Tushar Morzaria

Group Finance Director


212 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Statement of changes in equity
Notes   Called
up share capital and share premium £m   Other equity instruments £m   Capital redemption reserve £m   Available for sale reserve a £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,943   394   86   7,737   39,205
Effect of changes in accounting policies   –   –   –   (86   )   97   11
Balance as at 1 January 2018   22,045   8,943   394   –   7,834   39,216
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   –   752   –   –   15,054   15,806
Issue of new ordinary shares   88   –   –   –   –   88
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   51   –   –   –   24   75
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   692   –   –   (308   )   384
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   (23   )   (23   )
Dividends paid   11   –   –   –   –   (768   )   (768   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (752   )   –   –   143   (609   )
Capital reorganisation   43   (17,873   )   –   –   –   17,873   –
Other reserve movements   –   (2   )   –   –   13   11
Balance as at 31 December 2018   4,311   9,633   394   –   39,842   54,180
Balance as at 1 January 2017   21,842   6,453   394   26   7,607   36,322
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   –   639   –   60   508   1,207
Issue of new ordinary shares   117   –   –   –   –   117
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   86   –   –   –   27   113
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   2,490   –   –   –   2,490
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   (11   )   (11   )
Dividends paid   11   –   –   –   –   (509   )   (509   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (639   )   –   –   123   (516   )
Other reserve movements   –   –   –   –   (8   )   (8   )
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,943   394   86   7,737   39,205
Balance as at 1 January 2016   21,586   5,321   394   -   7,851   35,152
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   -   457   -   26   417   900
Issue of new ordinary shares   68   -   -   -   -   68
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   188   -   -   -   -   188
Issue of other equity instruments   -   1,132   -   -   -   1,132
Dividends paid   11   -   -   -   -   (757   )   (757   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   -   (457   )   -   -   91   (366   )
Other reserve movements   -   -   -   -   5   5
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,453   394   26   7,607   36,322

Note


a   As a result of the adoption of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, the available for sale reserve of
£86m has been transferred to retained earnings.


Cash flow statement
For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Reconciliation of profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax   15,870   1,258   934
Adjustment for non-cash items:
Dividends in specie   (14,294   )   –   –
Other non-cash items   653   76   62
Changes in operating assets and liabilities   55   102   37
Net cash generated from operating activities   2,284   1,436   1,033
Capital contribution to and investment in subsidiary   (2,680   )   (2,801   )   (1,250   )
Net cash used in investing activities   (2,680   )   (2,801   )   (1,250   )
Issue of shares and other equity instruments   1,953   2,581   1,388
Redemption of other equity instruments   (1,532   )   –   –
Net increase in loans and advances to subsidiaries of the Parent   (7,767   )   (9,707   )   (10,942   )
Net increase in debt securities in issue   9,174   6,503   9,314
Proceeds of borrowings and issuance of subordinated debt   –   3,019   1,671
Dividends paid   (680   )   (392   )   (757   )
Coupons paid on other equity instruments   (752   )   (639   )   (457   )
Net cash generated from financing activities   396   1,365   217
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   –   –   –
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   –   –   –
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   –   –   –
Net cash generated from operating activities includes:
Dividends received   1,066   674   621
Interest (paid)/received   (101   )   (10   )   5

The Parent company’s principal activity is to hold the investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Barclays
Bank PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Services Limited. Dividends received are treated as operating income.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 213


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2018


This section describes Barclays Group’s significant policies and critical accounting
estimates that relate to the financial statements and notes as a whole. If an accounting policy or a critical accounting estimate relates to a particular note, the accounting policy and/or critical accounting estimate is contained with the relevant
note.


1 Significant accounting policies


1. Reporting entity


These financial statements are prepared for Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries (the Barclays Group) under
Section 399 of the Companies Act 2006. The Barclays Group is a major global financial services provider engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. In
addition, individual financial statements have been presented for the holding company.

2. Compliance with
International Financial Reporting Standards

The consolidated financial statements of the Barclays
Group, and the individual financial statements of Barclays PLC, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations (IFRICs) issued by the Interpretations Committee, as published by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). They are also in accordance with IFRS and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the European Union. The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated and individual
financial statements are set out below, and in the relevant notes to the financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied with the exception of the adoption of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments including the early adoption of
Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation (Amendments to IFRS 9), IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the amendments to IFRS 2 Share-based Payment from 1 January 2018.


3. Basis of preparation


The consolidated and individual financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention
modified to include the fair valuation of investment property, and particular financial instruments, to the extent required or permitted under IFRS as set out in the relevant accounting policies. They are stated in millions of pounds Sterling
(£m), the functional currency of Barclays PLC.

The financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis, in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies using IFRS.

4. Accounting
policies

The Barclays Group prepares financial statements in accordance with IFRS. The Barclays
Group’s significant accounting policies relating to specific financial statement items, together with a description of the accounting estimates and judgements that were critical to preparing them, are set out under the relevant notes.
Accounting policies that affect the financial statements as a whole are set out below.

(i) Consolidation


Barclays Group applies IFRS 10
Consolidated financial statements.


The consolidated financial statements combine the financial statements of Barclays PLC and all its subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries are entities over which Barclays PLC has control. The Barclays Group has control over another entity when the Barclays Group has all of the following:


1) power over the relevant activities of the investee, for example through voting or other rights


2) exposure to, or rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the investee and


3) the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.


The assessment of control is based on the consideration of all facts and circumstances. The Barclays Group
reassesses whether it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.


Intra-group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation. Consistent accounting policies are used
throughout the Barclays Group for the purposes of the consolidation.

Changes in ownership interests in
subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions if they occur after control has already been obtained and they do not result in loss of control.


As the consolidated financial statements include partnerships where the Barclays Group member is a partner,
advantage has been taken of the exemption under Regulation 7 of the Partnership (Accounts) Regulations 2008 with regard to preparing and filing of individual partnership financial statements.


Details of the principal subsidiaries are given in Note 34.


(ii) Foreign currency translation


The Barclays Group applies IAS 21
The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.
 Transactions in foreign
currencies are translated into Sterling at the rate ruling on the date of the transaction. Foreign currency monetary balances are translated into Sterling at the period end exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses on such balances are taken to the
income statement.
Non-monetary
 foreign currency balances are carried at historical transaction date exchange rates.


The Barclays Group’s foreign operations (including subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and branches)
based mainly outside the UK may have different functional currencies. The functional currency of an operation is the currency of the main economy to which it is exposed.


Prior to consolidation (or equity accounting) the assets and liabilities of
non-Sterling
 operations are translated at the period end exchange rate and items of income, expense and other comprehensive income are translated into Sterling at the rate on the date of the transactions. Exchange
differences arising on the translation of foreign operations are included in currency translation reserves within equity. These are transferred to the income statement when the Barclays Group disposes of the entire interest in a foreign operation,
when partial disposal results in the loss of control of an interest in a subsidiary, when an investment previously accounted for using the equity method is accounted for as a financial asset, or on the disposal of an autonomous foreign operation
within a branch.


214 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


(iii) Financial assets and liabilities


The Barclays Group applies IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
 to the recognition, classification and measurement, and derecognition
of financial assets and financial liabilities and the impairment of financial assets. The Barclays Group applies the requirements of IAS 39
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
 for hedge accounting purposes.


Recognition


The Barclays Group recognises financial assets and liabilities when it becomes a party to the terms of the contract. Trade date or
settlement date accounting is applied depending on the classification of the financial asset.

Classification
and measurement


Financial assets are classified on the basis of two criteria:


i) the business model within which financial assets are managed; and


ii) their contractual cash flow characteristics (whether the cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal and
interest’ (SPPI)).

The Barclays Group assesses the business model criteria at a portfolio level. Information that
is considered in determining the applicable business model includes (i) policies and objectives for the relevant portfolio, (ii) how the performance and risks of the portfolio are managed, evaluated and reported to management, and
(iii) the frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, sales expectation for future periods, and the reasons for such sales.

The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets are assessed with reference to whether the cash flows represent SPPI. In assessing whether contractual cash flows are SPPI compliant, interest is defined as consideration
primarily for the time value of money and the credit risk of the principal outstanding. The time value of money is defined as the element of interest that provides consideration only for the passage of time and not consideration for other risks or
costs associated with holding the financial asset. Terms that could change the contractual cash flows so that it would not meet the condition for SPPI are considered, including: (i) contingent and leverage features,
(ii) non-recourse
 arrangements and (iii) features that could modify the time value of money.

Financial assets will be measured at amortised cost if they are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and their contractual cash flows represent SPPI.


Financial assets will be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held within a business
model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and their contractual cash flows represent SPPI.


Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit and loss. There is an option to make an irrevocable election on
initial recognition for non traded equity investments to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, in which case dividends are recognised in profit or loss, but gains or losses are not reclassified to profit or loss upon
derecognition, and impairment is not recognised in the income statement.

The accounting policy for each type of
financial asset or liability is included within the relevant note for the item. The Barclays Group’s policies for determining the fair values of the assets and liabilities are set out in Note 17.


Derecognition


The Barclays Group derecognises a financial asset, or a portion of a financial asset, from its balance sheet where the contractual
rights to cash flows from the asset have expired, or have been transferred, usually by sale, and with them either substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or significant risks and rewards, along with the unconditional ability to sell or
pledge the asset.

Financial liabilities are de-recognised when the liability has been settled, has expired or has been
extinguished. An exchange of an existing financial liability for a new liability with the same lender on substantially different terms – generally a difference of 10% in the present value of the cash flows or a substantive qualitative amendment
– is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability.

Transactions in which the Barclays Group transfers assets and liabilities, portions of them, or financial risks associated with them can be complex and it may not be obvious whether substantially all of the risks and rewards have
been transferred. It is often necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. Such an analysis compares the Barclays Group’s exposure to variability in asset cash flows before the transfer with its retained exposure after the transfer.


A cash flow analysis of this nature may require judgement. In particular, it is necessary to estimate the asset’s
expected future cash flows as well as potential variability around this expectation. The method of estimating expected future cash flows depends on the nature of the asset, with market and market-implied data used to the greatest extent possible.
The potential variability around this expectation is typically determined by stressing underlying parameters to create reasonable alternative upside and downside scenarios. Probabilities are then assigned to each scenario. Stressed parameters may
include default rates, loss severity, or prepayment rates.

Accounting for reverse repurchase and repurchase
agreements including other similar lending and borrowing


Reverse repurchase agreements (and stock borrowing
or similar transaction) are a form of secured lending whereby the Barclays Group provides a loan or cash collateral in exchange for the transfer of collateral, generally in the form of marketable securities subject to an agreement to transfer the
securities back at a fixed price in the future. Repurchase agreements are where the Barclays Group obtains such loans or cash collateral, in exchange for the transfer of collateral.


The Barclays Group purchases (a reverse repurchase agreement) or borrows securities subject to a commitment to resell or return
them. The securities are not included in the balance sheet as the Barclays Group does not acquire the risks and rewards of ownership. Consideration paid (or cash collateral provided) is accounted for as a loan asset at amortised cost, unless it is
designated at fair value through profit and loss.

The Barclays Group may also sell (a repurchase
agreement) or lend securities subject to a commitment to repurchase or redeem them. The securities are retained on the balance sheet as the Barclays Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Consideration received (or cash
collateral provided) is accounted for as a financial liability at amortised cost, unless it is designated at fair value through profit and loss.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 215


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2018


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


(iv) Issued debt and equity instruments


The Barclays Group applies IAS 32,
Financial Instruments: Presentation,
 to determine whether funding is
either a financial liability (debt) or equity.

Issued financial instruments or their components are
classified as liabilities if the contractual arrangement results in the Barclays Group having an obligation to either deliver cash or another financial asset, or a variable number of equity shares, to the holder of the instrument. If this is not the
case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and the proceeds included in equity, net of transaction costs. Dividends and other returns to equity holders are recognised when paid or declared by the members at the AGM and treated as a
deduction from equity.

Where issued financial instruments contain both liability and equity components,
these are accounted for separately. The fair value of the debt is estimated first and the balance of the proceeds is included within equity.


5. New and amended standards and interpretations


The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, with the exception of the
adoption of IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
 including the early adoption of
Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
 (Amendments to IFRS 9), IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 and the amendments to IFRS 2

Share-based Payment
 from 1 January 2018.

IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments


IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
 replaces IAS 39
Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement.
 IFRS 9 introduces key changes in the following areas:


◾   Classification and measurement – requiring asset classification and measurement based upon both
business model and product characteristics


◾   Impairment – introducing an expected credit loss model using forward looking information which
replaces an incurred loss model. The expected credit loss model introduces a three-stage approach to impairment as follows:


Stage 1 – the recognition of 12 month expected credit losses (ECL), that is the portion of lifetime expected
credit losses from default events that are expected within 12 months of the reporting date, if credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition;


Stage 2 – lifetime expected credit losses for financial instruments for which credit risk has increased
significantly since initial recognition; and

Stage 3 – lifetime expected credit losses for
financial instruments which are credit impaired.

Refer to note 7 for further details regarding the
impairment requirements of IFRS 9.

As required by IFRS 9 the Barclays Group applied IFRS 9
retrospectively by adjusting the opening balance sheet at the date of initial application, and comparative periods have not been restated; for more detail refer to Note 42.


IFRS 15 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers


IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 replaces IAS 18
Revenue
 and IAS 11
Construction
Contracts.
 IFRS 15 establishes a more systematic approach for revenue measurement and recognition by introducing a five-step model governing revenue recognition. The five-step model includes: 1) identifying the contract with the customer, 2)
identifying each of the performance obligations included in the contract, 3) determining the amount of consideration in the contract, 4) allocating the consideration to each of the identified performance obligations and 5) recognising revenue as
each performance obligation is satisfied. The Barclays Group elected the cumulative effect transition method with a transition adjustment calculated as of 1 January 2018, and recognised in retained earnings without restating comparative
periods. There were no significant impacts from the adoption of IFRS 15 in relation to the timing of when the Barclays Group recognises revenues or when revenue should be recognised gross as a principal or net as an agent; for more detail refer to
Note 42.

IFRS 2 – Share-based Payment – Amendments to IFRS 2


The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 2
Share-based Payment
 that address three main areas: the effects of
vesting conditions on the measurement of a cash-settled share-based payment transaction; the classification of a share-based payment transaction with net settlement features for withholding tax obligations; and accounting where a modification to the
terms and conditions of a share-based payment transaction changes its classification from cash settled to equity settled. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. Adoption of the amendments did not
have a significant impact on the Barclays Group.

Future accounting developments


There have been and are expected to be a number of significant changes to the Barclays Group’s financial
reporting after 2018 as a result of amended or new accounting standards that have been or will be issued by the IASB. The most significant of these are as follows:


IFRS 16 – Leases


In January 2016 the IASB issued IFRS 16
Leases,
 which was subsequently endorsed by the EU in November 2017,
and will replace IAS 17 Leases for period beginning on or after 1 January 2019. IFRS 16 will apply to all leases with the exception of licenses of intellectual property, rights held by licensing agreement within the scope of IAS 38

Intangible Assets,
 service concession arrangements, leases of biological assets within the scope of IAS 41
Agriculture,
 and leases of minerals, oil, natural gas and similar
non-regenerative

resources. A lessee may elect not to apply IFRS 16 to remaining assets within the scope of IAS 38
Intangible Assets.


IFRS 16 will not result in a significant change to lessor accounting; however for lessee accounting there will no longer be a distinction between operating and finance leases. Lessees will be required to recognise both:


◾   a lease liability, measured at the present value of remaining cash flows on the lease, and;


◾   a right of use (ROU) asset, measured at the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability,
plus any lease payments made prior to commencement date, initial direct costs, and estimated costs of restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the lease, less any lease incentives received.


There is a recognition exception for leases with a term not exceeding 12 months which allows
the lessee to apply similar accounting as an operating lease under IAS 17.


216 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


Subsequently the lease liability will increase for the accrual of interest, resulting in a
constant rate of return throughout the life of the lease, and reduce when payments are made. The right of use asset will amortise to the income statement over the life of the lease. The Barclays Group IFRS 16 implementation and governance programme
has been led by Finance with representation from all impacted departments. The project has identified the contracts impacted by IFRS 16, which are predominantly existing property leases. Other lease types are not material. The project has also
established appropriate accounting policies, determined the appropriate transition options to apply, and updated Finance systems and processes to reflect the new accounting and disclosure requirements.


As permitted by the standard, the Barclays Group intends to apply IFRS 16 on a retrospective basis but to take
advantage of the option not to restate comparative periods by applying the modified retrospective approach. The Barclays Group intends to take advantage of the following transition options available under the modified retrospective approach:


◾   To calculate the right of use asset equal to the lease liability, adjusted for prepaid or accrued
payments;


◾   To rely on the previous assessment of whether leases are onerous in accordance with IAS 37 immediately
before the date of initial application as an alternative to performing an impairment review. The Barclays Group will adjust the carrying amount of the ROU asset at the date of initial application by the previous carrying amount of its onerous lease
provision;


◾   Apply the recognition exception for leases with a term not exceeding 12 months; and


◾   Use hindsight in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or terminate
the lease.

The expected impact of adopting IFRS 16 is an increase in assets of
£1.6bn, an increase in liabilities of £1.6bn with no material impact on retained earnings. This impact assessment has been estimated under an interim control environment. The implementation of the comprehensive end state control
environment will continue as the Barclays Group introduces business as usual controls through 2019.


IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts


In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17
Insurance Contracts,
 a comprehensive new accounting standard for
insurance contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4
Insurance Contracts
 that was issued in 2005.


IFRS 17 applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e. life,
non-life,

direct insurance and
re-insurance),
 regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope
exceptions will apply. The standard is currently effective from 1 January 2021, and the standard has not yet been endorsed by the EU. The Barclays Group is currently assessing the expected impact of adopting this standard.


IFRIC Interpretation 23 – Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment


IFRIC 23 clarifies the application of IAS 12 to accounting for income tax treatments that have yet to be accepted
by tax authorities, in scenarios where it may be unclear how tax law applies to a particular transaction or circumstance, or whether a taxation authority will accept an entity’s tax treatment. The effective date is 1 January 2019. The
Barclays Group has considered the guidance included within the interpretation and concluded that the prescribed approach under IFRIC 23 is not expected to have a material impact on the Barclays Group’s financial position.


IAS 12 – Income Taxes – Amendments to IAS 12


In December 2017, as part of the Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015-2017 Cycle, the IASB amended IAS 12 in
order to clarify the accounting treatment of the income tax consequences of dividends. Effective from 1 January 2019 the tax consequences of all payments on financial instruments that are classified as equity for accounting purposes, where
those payments are considered to be a distribution of profit, will be included in, and will reduce, the income statement tax charge. Refer to note 9 for the expected impact of adopting the amendments of IAS 12.


IAS 19 – Employee Benefits – Amendments to IAS 19


In February 2018 the IASB issued amendments to the guidance in IAS 19
Employee Benefits,
 in connection with
accounting for plan amendments, curtailments and settlements. The amendments must be applied to plan amendments, curtailments or settlements occurring on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period that begins on or after
1 January 2019. The amendments have not yet been endorsed by the EU. Adoption of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the Barclays Group.


6. Critical accounting estimates and judgements


The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of estimates. It also requires
management to exercise judgement in applying the accounting policies. The key areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the consolidated and individual financial statements are
highlighted under the relevant note. Critical accounting estimates and judgements are disclosed in:


◾   Credit impairment charges on page 223


◾   Tax on page 228


◾   Fair value of financial instruments on page 241


◾   Pensions and post-retirement benefits – obligations on page 281


◾   Provisions including conduct and legal, competition and regulatory matters on page 263.

7. Other disclosures


To improve transparency and ease of reference, by concentrating related information in one place, certain
disclosures required under IFRS have been included within the Risk review section as follows:


◾   Credit risk on pages 91 to 92 and 104 to 129


◾   Market risk on pages 93 and 130 to 134


◾   Treasury and capital risk – liquidity on pages 94 and 137 to 150


◾   Treasury and capital risk – capital on pages 95 and 151 to 161.


These disclosures are covered by the Audit opinion (included on pages 203 to 204) where referenced as audited.


8. Parent company accounts


The Parent Company’s financial statements on pages 212 to 213 also form part of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 217


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


The notes included in this section focus on the results and performance of the Barclays Group. Information on the
income generated, expenditure incurred, segmental performance, tax, earnings per share and dividends are included here. For further detail on performance, see income statement commentary within Financial review (unaudited) on page 181.


2 Segmental reporting


Presentation of segmental reporting


The Barclays Group’s segmental reporting is in accordance with IFRS 8
Operating Segments.
 Operating
segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, and has been identified as the chief
operating decision maker. All transactions between business segments are conducted on an
arm’s-length
 basis, with intra-segment revenue and costs being eliminated in Head Office. Income and expenses
directly associated with each segment are included in determining business segment performance.

Barclays Group is a transatlantic
consumer and wholesale bank and for segmental reporting purposes it defines its two operating divisions as Barclays UK and Barclays International.


◾   Barclays UK which offers everyday products and services to retail customers and small to medium
sized enterprises based in the UK. The division includes the UK Personal banking, UK Business banking and the Barclaycard consumer UK business.


◾   Barclays International which delivers products and services designed for our larger corporate,
wholesale and international banking clients. The division includes the large UK Corporate business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the Investment Bank; the international Barclaycard business; and Barclaycard Business Solutions.

The below table also includes Head Office which comprises head office and central support functions (including
treasury) and businesses in transition.


Analysis of results by business
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office £m   Group results £m
For the year ended 31 December 2018
Total income a   7,383   14,026   (273   )   21,136
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (826   )   (658   )   16   (1,468   )
Net operating income/(expenses)   6,557   13,368   (257   )   19,668
Operating costs   (4,075   )   (9,324   )   (228   )   (13,627   )
UK bank levy   (46   )   (210   )   (13   )   (269   )
GMP charge   –   –   (140   )   (140   )
Litigation and conduct   (483   )   (127   )   (1,597   )   (2,207   )
Total operating expenses   (4,604   )   (9,661   )   (1,978   )   (16,243   )
Other net income/(expenses)   3   68   (2   )   69
Profit/(loss) before tax   1,956   3,775   (2,237   )   3,494
Total assets (£bn)   249.7   862.1   21.5   1,133.3
Number of employees (full time equivalent) b   22,600   12,400   48,500   83,500
Barclays   Head   Barclays   Group
Barclays UK   International   Office   c   Non-Core   d   results
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
For the year ended 31 December 2017
Total income   7,383   14,382   (159   )   (530   )   21,076
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (783   )   (1,506   )   (17   )   (30   )   (2,336   )
Net operating income/(expenses)   6,600   12,876   (176   )   (560   )   18,740
Operating costs   (4,030   )   (9,321   )   (277   )   (256   )   (13,884   )
UK bank levy   (59   )   (265   )   (41   )   –   (365   )
Litigation and conduct   (759   )   (269   )   (151   )   (28   )   (1,207   )
Total operating expenses   (4,848   )   (9,855   )   (469   )   (284   )   (15,456   )
Other net (expenses)/income e   (5   )   254   (189   )   197   257
Profit/(loss) before tax   1,747   3,275   (834   )   (647   )   3,541
Total assets (£bn)   237.4   856.1   39.7   –   1,133.2
Number of employees (full time equivalent) b   22,800   11,500   45,600   –   79,900

Notes


a   £351m of certain legacy capital instrument funding costs are now charged to Head office, the
impact of which would have been materially the same if the charges had been included in full year 2017.


b   As a result of the establishment of Barclays Execution Services in September 2017, employees who
are now employed by Barclays Execution Services and who were previously allocated to, or were within, Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


c   The reintegration of Non-Core assets on 1 July 2017
resulted in the transfer of c.£9bn of assets into Head Office relating to a portfolio of Italian mortgages. The portfolio generated a loss before tax of £37m in the second half of the year and included assets of £9bn as at
31 December 2017.


d   The Non-Core segment was closed on 1 July 2017 with
the residual assets and liabilities reintegrated into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office. Financial results up until 30 June 2017 are reflected in the Non-Core segment for 2017. Comparative results have not been restated.


e   Other net income/(expenses) represents the share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, profit (or loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and gains on acquisitions.


218 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


2 Segmental reporting continued
Analysis of results by business
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office £m   Barclays Non-Core £m   Group results £m
For the year ended 31 December 2016
Total income   7,517   14,995   103   (1,164   )   21,451
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (896   )   (1,355   )   –   (122   )   (2,373   )
Net operating income/(expenses)   6,621   13,640   103   (1,286   )   19,078
Operating costs   (3,792   )   (9,129   )   (135   )   (1,509   )   (14,565   )
UK bank levy   (48   )   (284   )   (2   )   (76   )   (410   )
Litigation and conduct   (1,042   )   (48   )   (27   )   (246   )   (1,363   )
Total operating expenses   (4,882   )   (9,461   )   (164   )   (1,831   )   (16,338   )
Other net (expenses)/income a   (1   )   32   128   331   490
Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing
operations   1,738   4,211   67   (2,786   )   3,230
Total assets (£bn) b   209.6   648.5   75.2   279.7   1,213.0
Number of employees (full time equivalent) c   36,000   36,900   100   5,500   119,300
Notes a  Other net income/(expenses) represents the share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, profit (or loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and gains on acquisitions. b  Africa Banking assets held for sale were reported in Head Office for 2016. c  Number of employees included 40,800 in relation to Africa Banking for 2016.
Income by geographic region
For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Continuing operations
United Kingdom   11,050   11,190   11,096
Europe   1,649   1,663   2,087
Americas   7,615   7,443   7,278
Africa and Middle East   253   251   419
Asia   569   529   571
Total   21,136   21,076   21,451
Income from individual countries which represent more than 5% of total income a
For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Continuing operations
United Kingdom   11,050   11,190   11,096
United States   7,291   6,871   6,876

Note


a   Total income is based on counterparty location. Income from each single external customer does not
amount to 10% or greater of the Barclays Group total income.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 219


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


3 Net interest income


Accounting for interest income and expenses


Interest income on loans and advances at amortised cost, and interest expense on financial liabilities held at
amortised cost, are calculated using the effective interest method which allocates interest, and direct and incremental fees and costs, over the expected lives of the assets and liabilities.


The effective interest method requires the Barclays Group to estimate future cash flows, in some cases based on its experience of
customers’ behaviour, considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument, as well as the expected lives of the assets and liabilities.


Barclays Group incurs certain costs to originate credit card balances with the most significant being
co-brand
 partner fees. To the extent these costs are attributed to customers that continuously carry an outstanding balance (revolvers), they are capitalised and subsequently included within the calculation of the
effective interest rate. They are amortised to interest income over the period of expected repayment of the originated balance. Costs attributed to customers that settle their outstanding balances each period (transactors) are deferred on the
balance sheet as a cost of obtaining a contract and amortised to fee and commission expense over the life of the customer relationship (refer to Note 4). There are no other individual estimates involved in the calculation of effective interest rates
that are material to the results or financial position.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Cash and balances at central banks   1,123   583   186
Loans and advances at amortised cost   12,073   12,069   13,558
Financial investments   –   754   740
Fair value through other comprehensive income   1,029   –   –
Other   316   225   57
Interest income   14,541   13,631   14,541
Deposits at amortised cost   (2,250   )   (1,493   )   (1,779   )
Debt securities in issue   (1,677   )   (915   )   (990   )
Subordinated liabilities   (1,223   )   (1,223   )   (1,104   )
Other   (329   )   (155   )   (131   )
Interest expense   (5,479   )   (3,786   )   (4,004   )
Net interest income   9,062   9,845   10,537

Interest income presented above represents interest revenue calculated using the effective interest method.


Costs to originate credit card balances of £596m (2017: £497m; 2016: £480m) have been amortised to interest income
during the year.

Interest income includes £53m (2017: £48m; 2016: £75m) accrued on impaired loans.


Included in net interest income is hedge ineffectiveness as detailed in Note 14 amounting to £5m loss (2017: £43m loss; 2016: £71m
gain).

4 Net fee and commission income


Accounting for net fee and commission
income under IFRS 15 effective from 1 January 2018

The Barclays Group applies IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts
with Customers.
 The standard establishes a five-step model governing revenue recognition. The five-step model requires Barclays Group to (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify each of the performance obligations
included in the contract, (iii) determine the amount of consideration in the contract, (iv) allocate the consideration to each of the identified performance obligations and (v) recognise revenue as each performance obligation is
satisfied.

Barclays Group recognises fee and commission income charged for services provided by the Barclays Group as
the services are provided, for example on completion of the underlying transaction.

Accounting for net fee and
commission income under IAS 18 for 2017 and 2016

The Barclays Group applies IAS 18
Revenue.

Fees and commissions charged for services provided or received by the Barclays Group are recognised as the services are provided, for example on completion of the underlying transaction.


Fee and commission income is disaggregated below by fee types that reflect the nature of the services offered across the Barclays Group and
operating segments, in accordance with IFRS 15. It includes a total for fees in scope of IFRS 15. Refer to Note 2 for more detailed information about operating segments.


2018
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office £m   Total £m
Fee type
Transactional   1,102   2,614   –   3,716
Advisory   209   850   –   1,059
Brokerage and execution   153   1,073   –   1,226
Underwriting and syndication   –   2,462   –   2,462
Other   78   207   27   312
Total revenue from contracts with customers   1,542   7,206   27   8,775
Other non-contract fee income   –   118   –   118
Fee and commission income   1,542   7,324   27   8,893
Fee and commission expense   (360   )   (1,707   )   (17   )   (2,084   )
Net fee and commission income   1,182   5,617   10   6,809


220 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


4 Net fee and commission income continued
2017 a £m   2016 a £m
Fee and commission income
Banking, investment management and credit related fees and commissions   8,622   8,452
Foreign exchange commission   129   118
Fee and commission income   8,751   8,570
Fee and commission expense   (1,937)   (1,802)
Net fee and commission income   6,814   6,768

Note


a   The Barclays Group elected the cumulative effect transition method on adoption of IFRS 15 for
1 January 2018, and recognised in retained earnings without restating comparative periods. The comparative figures are reported under IAS 18.


Fee types

Transactional


Transactional fees are service charges on deposit accounts, cash management services and transactional processing fees including
interchange and merchant fee income generated from credit and bank card usage. Transaction and processing fees are recognised at the point in time the transaction occurs or service is performed. They include banking services such as Automated Teller
Machine (ATM) fees, wire transfer fees, balance transfer fees, overdraft or late fees and foreign exchange fees, among others. Interchange and merchant fees are recognised upon settlement of the card transaction payment.


Barclays incurs certain card related costs including those related to cardholder reward programmes and various payments made to
co-brand
 partners. To the extent cardholder reward programmes costs are attributed to customers that settle their outstanding balance each period (transactors) they are expensed when incurred and presented in fee
and commission expense while costs related to customers who continuously carry an outstanding balance (revolvers) are included in the effective interest rate of the receivable (refer to Note 3). Payments to partners for new cardholder account
originations for transactor accounts are deferred as costs to obtain a contract under IFRS 15 while those costs related to revolver accounts are included in the effective interest rate of the receivable (refer to Note 3). Those costs deferred under
IFRS 15 are capitalised and amortised over the estimated cardholder relationship. Payments to
co-brand
 partners based on revenue sharing are presented as a reduction of fee and commission income while payments
based on profitability are presented in fee and commission expense.

Advisory


Advisory fees are generated from wealth management services and investment banking advisory services related to mergers, acquisitions and financial
restructurings. Wealth management advisory fees primarily consists of asset-based fees for advisory accounts of wealth management clients and are based on the market value of client assets. They are earned over the period the services are provided
and are generally recognised quarterly when the market value of client assets is determined. Investment banking advisory fees are recognised at the point in time when the services related to the transaction have been completed under the terms of the
engagement. Investment banking advisory costs are recognised as incurred in fee and commission expense if direct and incremental to the advisory services or otherwise recognised in operating expenses.


Brokerage and execution


Brokerage and execution fees are earned for executing client transactions with various exchanges and
over-the-counter
 markets and assisting clients in clearing transactions. Brokerage and execution fees are recognised at the point in time the associated service has been completed which is generally the trade
date of the transaction.

Underwriting and syndication


Underwriting and syndication fees are earned for the distribution of client equity or debt securities and the arrangement and administration of a
loan syndication. This includes commitment fees to provide loan financing. Underwriting fees are generally recognised on trade date if there is no remaining contingency, such as the transaction being conditional on closing of an acquisition or other
transaction. Underwriting costs are deferred and recognised in fee and commission expense when the associated underwriting fees are recorded. Syndication fees are earned for arranging and administering a loan syndication; however, the associated fee
may be subject to variability until the loan has been syndicated to other syndicate members or until other contingencies (such as a successful M&A closing) have been resolved and therefore the fee revenue is deferred until the uncertainty is
resolved.

Underwriting and syndication fees were previously reported on a net basis in the income statement. Following the adoption of
IFRS 15, expenses associated with underwriting and syndication of £38m are now reported in fee and commission expense.

Including
in the underwriting and syndication, commitment fees to provide loan financing includes fees which are not presented as part of the effective interest rate of a loan in accordance with IFRS 9. Loan commitment fees included as IFRS 15 revenues are
fees for loan commitments that are not expected to fund, fees received as compensation for unfunded commitments and the applicable portion of fees received for a revolving loan facility, which for that period, are undrawn. Such commitment fees are
recognised over time through to the contractual maturity of the commitment.

Contract assets and contract liabilities


The Barclays Group had no material contract assets or contract liabilities as at 31 December 2018.


Impairment on fee receivables and contract assets

During 2018, there have been no material impairments recognised in relation to fees receivable and contract assets. Fees in relation to transactional business can be added to outstanding customer balances. These amounts may be
subsequently impaired as part of the overall loans and advances balance.

Remaining performance obligations


The Barclays Group applies the practical expedient of IFRS 15 and does not disclose information about remaining performance obligations that have
original expected durations of one year or less or because the Barclays Group has a right to consideration that corresponds directly with the value of the service provided to the client or customer.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 221


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


4 Net fee and commission income
continued


Costs incurred in obtaining or fulfilling a contract

The Barclays Group expects that incremental costs of
obtaining a contract such as success fee and commission fees paid are recoverable and therefore capitalised such contract costs in the amount of £125.4m at 31 December 2018.


Capitalised contract costs are amortised based on the transfer of services to which the asset relates which typically ranges over the expected life
of the relationship. In 2018, the amount of amortisation was £30.4m and there was no impairment loss recognised in connection with the capitalised contract costs.


5 Net trading income


Accounting for net trading income


In accordance with IFRS 9, trading positions are held at fair value, and the resulting gains and losses are included
in the income statement, together with interest and dividends arising from long and short positions and funding costs relating to trading activities.


Income arises from both the sale and purchase of trading positions, margins which are achieved through market making and customer
business and from changes in fair value caused by movements in interest and exchange rates, equity prices and other market variables.


Gains or losses on
non-trading
 financial instruments designated or
mandatorily at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the income statement are included in net trading income where the business model is to manage assets and liabilities on a fair value basis which includes use of derivatives or where
an instrument is designated at fair value to eliminate an accounting mismatch and the related instrument’s gain and losses are reported in trading income.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net gains from financial instruments held for trading   3,292   2,388   2,426
Net gains from financial instruments designated at fair value   267   1,112   377
Net gains from financial instruments mandatorily at fair value   1,007   –   –
Own credit losses a   –   –   (35   )
Net trading income   4,566   3,500   2,768

Note


a   Following the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017, own
credit on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss, which was previously reported in income statement, is now recognised in other comprehensive income.


6 Net investment income


Accounting for net investment income


Dividends are recognised when the right to receive the dividend has been established. Other
accounting policies relating to net investment income are set out in Note 13 and Note 15.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net gains from disposal of available for sale investments a   –   298   912
Net gains from disposal of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income   158   –   –
Dividend income   91   48   8
Net gains from financial instruments designated at fair value b   –   338   158
Net gains from financial instruments mandatorily at fair value   226   –   –
Other investment income   110   177   246
Net investment income   585   861   1,324

Notes


a   Following the adoption of IFRS 9, available for sale classification is no longer applicable.


b   Following the adoption of IFRS 9, this category only includes financial assets designated at fair
value to eliminate or reduce an accounting mismatch. The net gains on such instruments are recognised in net trading income which helps to reduce an income statement presentation mismatch.


222 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions


Accounting for the impairment of financial assets under IFRS 9 effective from 1 January 2018


Impairment


The Barclays Group is required to recognise expected credit losses (ECLs) based on unbiased forward-looking
information for all financial assets at amortised cost, lease receivables, debt financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts.


At the reporting date, an allowance (or provision for loan commitments and financial guarantees) is required for
the 12 month (Stage 1) ECLs. If the credit risk has significantly increased since initial recognition (Stage 2), or if the financial instrument is credit impaired (Stage 3), an allowance (or provision) should be recognised for the lifetime ECLs.


The measurement of ECL is calculated using three main components: (i) probability of default
(PD) (ii) loss given default (LGD) and (iii) the exposure at default (EAD).

The 12 month ECL
is calculated by multiplying the 12 month PD, LGD and the EAD. The 12 month and lifetime PDs represent the PD occurring over the next 12 months and the remaining maturity of the instrument respectively. The EAD represents the expected balance at
default, taking into account the repayment of principal and interest from the balance sheet date to the default event together with any expected drawdowns of committed facilities. The LGD represents expected losses on the EAD given the event of
default, taking into account, among other attributes, the mitigating effect of collateral value at the time it is expected to be realised and the time value of money.


Determining a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition:


The Barclays Group assesses when a significant increase in credit risk has occurred based on quantitative and
qualitative assessments. The credit risk of an exposure is considered to have significantly increased when:

i) Quantitative test

The annualised lifetime PD has increased by more than an agreed
threshold relative to the equivalent at origination.

PD deterioration thresholds are defined as
percentage increases, and are set at an origination score band and segment level to ensure the test appropriately captures significant increases in credit risk at all risk levels. Generally, thresholds are inversely correlated to the origination PD,
i.e. as the origination PD increases, the threshold value reduces.

The assessment of the point at which
a PD increase is deemed ‘significant’, is based upon analysis of the portfolios’ risk profile against a common set of principles and performance metrics (consistent across both retail and wholesale businesses), incorporating expert
credit judgement where appropriate.

Wholesale assets apply a 100% increase in PD and 0.2% PD floor to
determine a significant increase in credit risk.

Retail assets apply bespoke relative increase and
absolute PD thresholds based on product type and origination PD. Thresholds are subject to maximums defined by Barclays Group policy and typically apply minimum relative thresholds of
50-100%
 and a maximum
relative threshold of 400%.

For existing/historical exposures where origination point scores or data
are no longer available or do not represent a comparable estimate of lifetime PD, a proxy origination score is defined, based upon:


◾   Back-population of the approved lifetime PD score either to origination date or, where this is not
feasible, as far back as possible, (subject to a data start point no later than 1 January 2015); or


◾   Use of available historical account performance data and other customer information, to derive a
comparable ‘proxy’ estimation of origination PD.

ii) Qualitative test


Relevant for accounts that meet the portfolio’s ‘high risk’ criteria and are subject to closer
credit monitoring.

High risk customers may not be in arrears but either through an event or an observed
behaviour exhibit credit distress. The definition and assessment of high risk includes as wide a range of information as reasonably available, such as industry and Group-wide customer level data, including but not limited to bureau scores and high
consumer indebtedness index, wherever possible or relevant.

Whilst the high risk populations applied
for IFRS 9 impairment purposes are aligned with risk management processes, they are also regularly reviewed and validated to ensure that they capture any incremental segments where there is evidence of credit deterioration.


iii) Backstop criteria


Relevant for accounts that are more than 30 calendar days past due. The 30 days past due criteria is a backstop
rather than a primary driver of moving exposures into Stage 2.

Exposures will move back to Stage 1 once
they no longer meet the criteria for a significant increase in credit risk. This means that, at minimum: all payments must be
up-to-date,
 the PD deterioration test is no
longer met, the account is no longer classified as high risk, and the customer has evidenced an ability to maintain future payments.


Management overlays and other exceptions to model outputs are applied only if consistent with
the objective of identifying significant increases in credit risk.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 223


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions
 continued


Forward-looking information


The measurement of ECL involves complexity and judgement, including estimation of PD, LGD, a range of unbiased
future economic scenarios, estimation of expected lives (where contractual life is not appropriate), and estimation of EAD and assessing significant increases in credit risk.


Credit losses are the expected cash shortfalls from what is contractually due over the expected life of the
financial instrument, discounted at the original effective interest rate (EIR). ECLs are the unbiased probability-weighted credit losses determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and considering future economic conditions.


Barclays Group uses a five-scenario model to calculate ECL. An external consensus forecast is assembled from key
sources, including HM Treasury, Bloomberg and the Urban Land Institute, which forms the baseline scenario. In addition, two adverse scenarios (Downside 1 and Downside 2) and two favourable scenarios (Upside 1 and Upside 2) are derived, with
associated probability weightings. The adverse scenarios are calibrated to a similar severity to internal stress tests, whilst also considering IFRS 9 specific sensitivities and
non-linearity.
 Downside 2 is
benchmarked to the Bank of England’s annual cyclical scenarios and to the most severe scenario from Moody’s inventory, but is not designed to be the same. The favourable scenarios are calibrated to be symmetric to the adverse scenarios,
subject to a ceiling calibrated to relevant recent favourable benchmark scenarios. The scenarios include six economic core variables, (GDP, unemployment and House Price Index (HPI) in both the UK and US markets), and expanded variables using
statistical models based on historical correlations. All five scenarios converge to a steady state after 8 years. The methodology for estimating probability weights for each of the scenarios involves a comparison of the distribution of key historic
UK and US macroeconomic variables against the forecast paths of the five scenarios. The methodology works such that the baseline (reflecting current consensus outlook) has the highest weight and the weights of adverse and favourable scenarios depend
on the deviation from the baseline; the further from the baseline, the smaller the weight. A single set of five scenarios is used across all portfolios and all five weights are normalised to equate to 100%. The impacts across the portfolios are
different because of the sensitivities of each of the portfolios to specific macroeconomic variables, for example, mortgages are highly sensitive to house prices and base rates, credit cards and unsecured consumer loans are highly sensitive to
unemployment.

Definition of default, credit impaired assets, write-offs, and interest income recognition


The definition of default for the purpose of determining ECLs, and for internal credit risk
management purposes, has been aligned to the Regulatory Capital CRR Article 178 definition of default, to maintain a consistent approach with IFRS 9 and associated regulatory guidance. The Regulatory Capital CRR Article 178 definition of default
considers indicators that the debtor is unlikely to pay, includes exposures in forbearance and is no later than when the exposure is more than 90 days past due or 180 days past due in the case of UK mortgages. When exposures are identified as credit
impaired or purchased or originated as such interest income is calculated on the carrying value net of the impairment allowance.


Credit impaired is when the exposure has defaulted which is also anticipated to align to when an exposure is
identified as individually impaired.

Uncollectable loans are written off against the related allowance
for loan impairment on completion of the Barclays Group’s internal processes and when all reasonably expected recoverable amounts have been collected. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the income statement.
The timing and extent of write-offs may involve some element of subjective judgement. Nevertheless, a
write-off
 will often be prompted by a specific event, such as the inception of insolvency proceedings or
other formal recovery action, which makes it possible to establish that some or the entire advance is beyond realistic prospect of recovery.

Loan modifications and renegotiations that are not credit-impaired

When
modification of a loan agreement occurs as a result of commercial restructuring activity rather than due to the credit risk of the borrower, an assessment must be performed to determine whether the terms of the new agreement are substantially
different from the terms of the existing agreement. This assessment considers both the change in cash flows arising from the modified terms as well as the change in overall instrument risk profile.


Where terms are substantially different, the existing loan will be derecognised and a new loan will be recognised
at fair value.

Where terms are not substantially different, the loan carrying value will be adjusted to
reflect the present value of modified cash flows discounted at the original EIR, with any resulting gain or loss recognised immediately within the income statement as a modification gain or loss.


Expected life


Lifetime ECLs must be measured over the expected life. This is restricted to the maximum contractual life and takes
into account expected prepayment, extension, call and similar options. The exceptions are certain revolver financial instruments, such as credit cards and bank overdrafts, that include both a drawn and an undrawn component where the entity’s
contractual ability to demand repayment and cancel the undrawn commitment does not limit the entity’s exposure to credit losses to the contractual notice period. For revolving facilities, expected life is analytically derived to reflect
behavioural life of the asset, i.e. the full period over which the business expects to be exposed to credit risk. Behavioural life is typically based upon historical analysis of the average time to default, closure or withdrawal of facility. Where
data is insufficient or analysis inconclusive, an additional ‘maturity factor’ may be incorporated to reflect the full estimated life of the exposures, based upon experienced judgement and/or peer analysis. Potential future modifications
of contracts are not taken into account when determining the expected life or EAD until they occur.

Discounting


ECLs are discounted at the EIR at initial recognition or an approximation
thereof and consistent with income recognition. For loan commitments the EIR is the rate that is expected to apply when the loan is drawn down and a financial asset is recognised. Issued financial guarantee contracts are discounted at the risk free
rate. Lease receivables are discounted at the rate implicit in the lease. For variable/floating rate financial assets, the spot rate at the reporting date is used and projections of changes in the variable rate over the expected life are not made to
estimate future interest cash flows or for discounting.


224 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions
continued


Modelling techniques


ECLs are calculated by multiplying three main components, being the PD, LGD and the EAD, discounted at the original
EIR. The regulatory Basel Committee of Banking Supervisors (BCBS) ECL calculations are leveraged for IFRS 9 modelling but adjusted for key differences which include:


◾   BCBS requires 12 month through the economic cycle losses whereas IFRS 9 requires 12 months or lifetime
point in time losses based on conditions at the reporting date and multiple forecasts of the future economic conditions over the expected lives;


◾   IFRS 9 models do not include certain conservative BCBS model floors and downturn assessments and
require discounting to the reporting date at the original EIR rather than using the cost of capital to the date of default;


◾   Management adjustments are made to modelled output to account for situations where known or expected
risk factors and information have not been considered in the modelling process, for example forecast economic scenarios for uncertain political events; and


◾   ECL is measured at the individual financial instrument level, however a collective approach where
financial instruments with similar risk characteristics are grouped together, with apportionment to individual financial instruments, is used where effects can only be seen at a collective level, for example for forward-looking information.

For the IFRS 9 impairment assessment, Barclays Group’s risk models are used to
determine the PD, LGD and EAD. For Stage 2 and 3, Barclays Group applies lifetime PDs but uses 12 month PDs for Stage 1. The ECL drivers of PD, EAD and LGD are modelled at an account level which considers vintage, among other credit factors. Also,
the assessment of significant increase in credit risk is based on the initial lifetime PD curve, which accounts for the different credit risk underwritten over time.


Forbearance


A financial asset is subject to forbearance when it is modified due to the credit distress of the borrower. A
modification made to the terms of an asset due to forbearance will typically be assessed as a
non-substantial
 modification that does not result in derecognition of the original loan, except in circumstances
where debt is exchanged for equity.

Both performing and

non-performing
 forbearance assets are classified as Stage 3 except where it is established that the concession granted has not resulted in diminished financial obligation and that no other regulatory
definition of default criteria has been triggered, in which case the asset is classified as Stage 2. The minimum probationary period for
non-performing
 forbearance is 12 months and for performing forbearance,
24 months. Hence, a minimum of 36 months is required for
non-performing
 forbearance to move out of a forborne state.


No financial instrument in forbearance can transfer back to Stage 1 until all of the Stage 2 thresholds are no
longer met and can only move out of Stage 3 when no longer credit impaired.

Accounting for the
impairment of financial assets under IAS 39 for 2017 and 2016

Loans and other assets held at
amortised cost

In accordance with IAS 39, the Barclays Group assesses at each balance sheet date
whether there is objective evidence that loan assets will not be recovered in full and, wherever necessary, recognises an impairment loss in the income statement.


An impairment loss is recognised if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of events that have
occurred and these have adversely impacted the estimated future cash flows from the assets. These events include:


◾   becoming aware of significant financial difficulty of the issuer or obligor


◾   a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments


◾   the Barclays Group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
difficulty, grants a concession that it would not otherwise consider


◾   it becomes probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation


◾   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties


◾   observable data at a portfolio level indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated
future cash flows, although the decrease cannot yet be ascribed to individual financial assets in the portfolio – such as adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers in the portfolio or national or local economic conditions that
correlate with defaults on the assets in the portfolio.

Impairment assessments are
conducted individually for significant assets, which comprise all wholesale customer loans and larger retail business loans, and collectively for smaller loans and for portfolio level risks, such as country or sectoral risks. For the purposes of the
assessment, loans with similar credit risk characteristics are grouped together – generally on the basis of their product type, industry, geographical location, collateral type, past due status and other factors relevant to the evaluation of
expected future cash flows.

The impairment assessment includes estimating the expected future cash
flows from the asset or the group of assets, which are then discounted using the original effective interest rate calculated for the asset. If this is lower than the carrying value of the asset or the portfolio, an impairment allowance is raised.


If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases, and the decrease can be
related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed by adjusting the allowance account. The amount of the reversal is recognised in the income statement.


Following impairment, interest income continues to be recognised at the original effective interest rate on the
restated carrying amount, representing the unwind of the discount of the expected cash flows, including the principal due on
non-accrual
 loans.


Uncollectable loans are written off against the related allowance for loan impairment on
completion of the Barclays Group’s internal processes when all reasonably expected recoverable amounts have been collected. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the income statement.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 225


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions
continued


Available for sale financial assets


Impairment of available for sale debt instruments


Debt instruments are assessed for impairment in the same way as loans. If impairment is deemed to have occurred,
the cumulative decline in the fair value of the instrument that has previously been recognised in the available for sale reserve is removed from reserves and recognised in the income statement. This may be reversed if there is evidence that the
circumstances of the issuer have improved.

Impairment of available for sale equity instruments


Where there has been a prolonged or significant decline in the fair value of an equity instrument
below its acquisition cost, it is deemed to be impaired. The cumulative net loss that has been previously recognised directly in the available for sale reserve is removed from reserves and recognised in the income statement.


Increases in the fair value of equity instruments after impairment are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income. Further declines in the fair value of equity instruments after impairment are recognised in the income statement.

Critical accounting estimates and judgements

IFRS 9 impairment involves several
important areas of judgement, including estimating forward looking modelled parameters (PD, LGD and EAD), developing a range of unbiased future economic scenarios, estimating expected lives and assessing significant increases in credit risk, based
on the Barclays Group’s experience of managing credit risk. The determination of expected life is most material for Barclays credit card portfolios which is obtained via behavioural life analysis. As a result, the expected life of credit card
portfolios is currently modelled over 10 years, to materially capture the risk of these facilities.


Within the retail and small businesses portfolios, which comprise large numbers of small homogenous assets with
similar risk characteristics where credit scoring techniques are generally used, the impairment allowance is calculated using forward looking modelled parameters which are typically run at account level. There are many models in use, each tailored
to a product, line of business or customer category. Judgement and knowledge is needed in selecting the statistical methods to use when the models are developed or revised. The impairment allowance reflected in the financial statements for these
portfolios is therefore considered to be reasonable and supportable. The impairment charge reflected in the income statement for retail portfolios is £1,689m (2017: £2,095m; 2016: £2,053m) of the total impairment charge on loans
and advances.

For individually significant assets in Stage 3, impairment allowances
are calculated on an individual basis and all relevant considerations that have a bearing on the expected future cash flows across a range of economic scenarios are taken into account. These considerations can be subjective and can include the
business prospects for the customer, the realisable value of collateral, the Barclays Group’s position relative to other claimants, the reliability of customer information and the likely cost and duration of the

work-out
 process. The economic scenarios considered are the same as those used in the Group’s ECL models. The level of the impairment allowance is the difference between the value of the discounted
expected future cash flows (discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate), and its carrying amount. Furthermore, judgements change with time as new information becomes available or as

work-out
 strategies evolve, resulting in frequent revisions to the impairment allowance as individual decisions are taken. Changes in these estimates would result in a change in the allowances and have a
direct impact on the impairment charge. The impairment charge reflected in the financial statements in relation to wholesale portfolios is a release of £99m (2017: £238m; 2016: £299m) of the total impairment charge on loans and
advances. Further information on impairment allowances, impairment charges and related credit information is set out within the Risk review on page 107.


2018   2017 a   2016 a
Impairment charges £m   Recoveries b £m   Total £m   Impairment charges £m   Recoveries b £m   Total £m   Impairment charges £m   Recoveries b £m   Total £m
Loans and advances   1,785   (195   )   1,590   2,654   (334   )   2,320   2,708   (365   )   2,343
Provision for undrawn contractually committed facilities and
guarantees provided   (125   )   –   (125   )   13   –   13   9   –   9
Loans impairment   1,660   (195   )   1,465   2,667   (334   )   2,333   2,717   (365   )   2,352
Cash collateral and settlement balances   (1   )   –   (1   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Financial investments   –   –   –   3   –   3   21   –   21
Financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
income   4   –   4   –   –   –   –   –   –
Credit impairment charges and other
provisions   1,663   (195   )   1,468   2,670   (334   )   2,336   2,738   (365   )   2,373

Notes


a   The comparatives for 2017 and 2016 are presented on an IAS 39 basis.


b   Cash recoveries of previously written off amounts.


226 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions
continued


The movement in gross exposures and impairment allowance for loans and advances at amortised cost table under IFRS 9 is presented in the Credit risk
section on page 107. The prior year comparative table for movement in allowance under IAS 39 is presented below.


Movements in allowance for impairment by asset class
At beginning of year £m   Acquisitions and disposals £m   Unwind of discount £m   Exchange and other adjustments £m   Amounts written off £m   Recoveries £m   Amounts charged to income statement £m   Balance at 31 December £m
2017
Home loans   467   –   (5   )   (4   )   (29   )   –   29   458
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   3,060   –   (43   )   (223   )   (2,042   )   252   2,051   3,055
Corporate loans   1,093   (5   )   –   (13   )   (258   )   82   240   1,139
Total impairment allowance   4,620   (5   )   (48   )   (240   )   (2,329   )   334   2,320   4,652

Write-offs subject to enforcement activity


The contractual amount outstanding on financial assets that were written off during the period ended 31 December 2018 and that are still
subject to enforcement activity is £1,445m. This is lower than the write-offs presented in the movement in gross exposures and impairment allowance table due to post
write-off
 recoveries.


Modification of financial assets

Financial assets with a loss allowance measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL of £851m were subject to
non-substantial
 modification during the period, with a resulting loss of
£26m. The gross carrying amount at 31 December 2018 of financial assets for which the loss allowance has changed to a 12 month ECL during the year amounts to £114m.


8 Operating expenses


Accounting for staff costs


The Barclays Group applies IAS 19
 Employee benefits
 in its accounting for most of the components of staff
costs.

Short-term employee benefits
– salaries, accrued performance costs and social
security are recognised over the period in which the employees provide the services to which the payments relate.

Performance costs
– recognised to the extent that the Barclays Group has a present obligation to its employees that can be measured reliably and are recognised over the period of service that employees are required to
work to qualify for the payments.

Deferred cash and share awards are made to employees to incentivise
performance over the period employees provide services. To receive payment under an award, employees must provide service over the vesting period. The period over which the expense for deferred cash and share awards is recognised is based upon the
period employees consider their services contribute to the awards. For past awards, the Barclays Group considers that it is appropriate to recognise the awards over the period from the date of grant to the date that the awards vest. In relation to
awards granted from 2017, the Barclays Group, taking into account the changing employee understanding surrounding those awards, considered it appropriate for expense to be recognised over the vesting period including the financial year prior to the
grant date.

The accounting policies for share-based payments, and pensions and
other post-retirement benefits are included in Note 32 and Note 33 respectively.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Infrastructure costs
Property and equipment   1,360   1,366   1,180
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment   418   446   492
Operating lease rentals   329   342   561
Amortisation of intangible assets   834   715   670
Impairment of property, equipment and intangible
assets   9   80   95
Total infrastructure costs   2,950   2,949   2,998
Administration and general costs
Consultancy, legal and professional
fees a   729   1,064   782
Subscriptions, publications, stationery and communications   635   630   644
Marketing, advertising and sponsorship   495   433   435
Travel and accommodation   153   150   136
UK bank levy   269   365   410
Other administration and general expenses a   176   98   147
Total administration and general costs   2,457   2,740   2,554
Staff costs   8,629   8,560   9,423
Provisions for litigation and conduct a   2,207   1,207   1,363
Operating expenses   16,243   15,456   16,338

Note


a   The presentation of other costs has been amended to include litigation and conduct as a separate
line item. The prior year comparatives within other cost categories have been adjusted accordingly.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 227


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


9 Tax


Accounting for income taxes


The Barclays Group applies IAS 12
Income Taxes
 in accounting for taxes on income. Income tax payable on
taxable profits (current tax) is recognised as an expense in the periods in which the profits arise. Withholding taxes are also treated as income taxes. Income tax recoverable on tax allowable losses is recognised as a current tax asset only to the
extent that it is regarded as recoverable by offsetting against taxable profits arising in the current or prior periods. Current tax is measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.


Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except in certain circumstances where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary
difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax is
determined using tax rates and legislation enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date which are expected to apply when the deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are only offset when there is both a legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.


The Barclays Group considers an uncertain tax position to exist when it considers that ultimately, in the future,
the amount of profit subject to tax may be greater than the amount initially reflected in the Barclays Group’s tax returns. The Barclays Group accounts for provisions in respect of uncertain tax positions in two different ways.


A current tax provision is recognised when it is considered probable that the outcome of a review by a tax
authority of an uncertain tax position will alter the amount of cash tax due to, or from, a tax authority in the future. From recognition, the current tax provision is then measured at the amount the Barclays Group ultimately expects to pay the tax
authority to resolve the position, taking into account any interest and penalties potentially payable to the tax authority.

Deferred tax provisions are adjustments made to the carrying value of deferred tax assets in respect of uncertain tax positions. A deferred tax provision is recognised when it is considered probable that the outcome of a review by a
tax authority of an uncertain tax position will result in a reduction in the carrying value of the deferred tax asset. From recognition of a provision, measurement of the underlying deferred tax asset is adjusted to take into account the expected
impact of resolving the uncertain tax position on the loss or temporary difference giving rise to the deferred tax asset.

The approach taken to measurement takes account of whether the uncertain tax position is a discrete position that will be reviewed by the tax authority in isolation from any other position, or one of a number of issues which are
expected to be reviewed together concurrently and resolved simultaneously with a tax authority. Barclays Group’s measurement of provisions is based upon its best estimate of the additional profit that will become subject to tax. For a discrete
position, consideration is given only to the merits of that position. Where a number of issues are expected to be reviewed and resolved together, Barclays Group will take into account not only the merits of its position in respect of each particular
issue but also the overall level of provision relative to the aggregate of the uncertain tax positions across all the issues that are expected to be resolved at the same time. In addition, in assessing provision levels, it is assumed that tax
authorities will review uncertain tax positions and that all facts will be fully and transparently disclosed.

Critical accounting estimates and judgements

There are two key areas of
judgement that impact the reported tax position. Firstly, the level of provisioning for uncertain tax positions; and secondly, the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets.


The Barclays Group does not consider there to be a significant risk of a material adjustment to the carrying amount
of current and deferred tax balances, including provisions for uncertain tax positions in the next financial year. The provisions for uncertain tax positions cover a diverse range of issues and reflect advice from external counsel where relevant. It
should be noted that only a proportion of the total uncertain tax positions will be under audit at any point in time, and could therefore be subject to challenge by a tax authority over the next year.


Deferred tax assets have been recognised based on business profit forecasts. Details on the
recognition of deferred tax assets is provided in this note.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Current tax charge/(credit)
Current year   900   768   896
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (214   )   55   (361   )
686   823   535
Deferred tax charge/(credit)
Current year   442   1,507   393
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (6   )   (90   )   65
436   1,417   458
Tax charge   1,122   2,240   993


228 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


9 Tax
continued

The table
below shows the reconciliation between the actual tax charge and the tax charge that would result from applying the standard UK corporation tax rate to the Barclays Group’s profit before tax.


2018 £m   2018 %   2017 £m   2017 %   2016 £m   2016 %
Profit before tax   3,494   3,541   3,230
Tax charge based on the standard UK corporation tax rate of 19%
(2017: 19.25%; 2016: 20%)   664   19.0%   682   19.3%   646   20.0%
Impact of profits/losses earned in territories with different statutory rates to the UK (weighted average
tax rate is 21.9% (2017: 29.4%; 2016: 32.8%))   100   2.9%   356   10.1%   415   12.8%
Recurring items:
Non-creditable taxes including withholding taxes   156   4.5%   191   5.4%   277   8.6%
Non-deductible expenses   81   2.3%   90   2.5%   114   3.5%
Impact of UK bank levy being non-deductible   51   1.5%   70   2.0%   82   2.5%
Tax adjustments in respect of share-based payments   17   0.5%   5   0.1%   34   1.1%
Non-taxable gains and income   (245   )   (7.0%   )   (178   )   (5.0%   )   (199   )   (6.2%   )
Changes in recognition of deferred tax and effect of unrecognised tax losses   (104   )   (3.0%   )   (71   )   (2.0%   )   (178   )   (5.5%   )
Impact of Barclays Bank PLC’s overseas branches being taxed both locally and in the UK   16   0.5%   (61   )   (1.7%   )   (128   )   (4.0%   )
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (220   )   (6.3%   )   (35   )   (1.0%   )   (296   )   (9.2%   )
Banking surcharge and other items   167   4.8%   128   3.6%   88   2.7%
Non-recurring items:
Remeasurement of US deferred tax assets due to US tax rate reduction   –   –   1,177   33.2%   –   –
Impact of the UK branch exemption election on US branch deferred tax assets   –   –   (276   )   (7.8%   )   –   –
Non-deductible provisions for UK customer redress   93   2.7%   129   3.6%   203   6.3%
Non-deductible provisions for investigations and
litigation   346   9.9%   72   2.0%   48   1.5%
Non-taxable gains and income on divestments   –   –   (39   )   (1.1%   )   (180   )   (5.6%   )
Non-deductible impairments
and losses on divestments   –   –   –   –   67   2.1%
Total tax charge   1,122   32.1%   2,240   63.3%   993   30.7%

Factors driving the effective tax rate


The effective tax rate of 32.1% is higher than the UK corporation tax rate of 19% primarily due to profits earned outside the UK being taxed at
local statutory tax rates that are higher than the UK tax rate, provisions for UK customer redress, investigations and litigation being
non-deductible
 for tax purposes,

non-creditable
 taxes and
non-deductible
 expenses including UK bank levy. In addition, the UK profits of banking companies are subject to a surcharge. These factors,
which have each increased the effective tax rate, are partially offset by the impact of
non-taxable
 gains and income in the period, changes in the recognition of deferred tax, and the impact of adjustments in
respect of prior years.

The Barclays Group’s future tax charge will be sensitive to the geographic mix of profits earned and the
tax rates in force in the jurisdictions that the Barclays Group operates in. In the UK, legislation to reduce the corporation tax rate to 17% from 1 April 2020 has been enacted.


Effective from 1 January 2019, a change in accounting standards requires the tax consequences of all payments on financial instruments that are
classified as equity for accounting purposes, where those payments are considered to be a distribution of profit, to be included in the income statement tax charge. The Barclays Group currently includes the tax credit associated with deductions for
payments made under Additional Tier 1 instruments as a movement in reserves. This accounting change will result in that tax credit being included in the income statement tax charge, and this will have the effect of reducing the Barclays Group’s
effective tax rate from 2019.

For illustrative purposes, if this future accounting approach had been applied in 2018, then, the tax
credit on payments under Additional Tier 1 instruments would have reduced the Barclays Group’s total income statement tax charge by £203m.

Tax in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

The tax relating to each component of other
comprehensive income can be found on page 206 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income which includes within Other a tax credit of £30m (2017: £5m charge) on other items including share based payments.


Tax in respect of discontinued operation

Tax relating to the discontinued operation can be found in the BAGL disposal group income statement (refer to Note 41). The tax charge of £nil (2017: £154m) related entirely to the profit from the ordinary activities of
the discontinued operation.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 229


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


9 Tax
continued

Current
tax assets and liabilities

Movements on current tax assets and liabilities were as follows:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Assets   482   561
Liabilities   (586   )   (737   )
As at 1 January   (104   )   (176   )
Income statement from continuing operations   (686   )   (823   )
Other comprehensive income   321   93
Corporate income tax paid   548   708
Other movements   91   94
170   (104   )
Assets   798   482
Liabilities   (628   )   (586   )
As at 31 December   170   (104   )
Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The deferred tax amounts on the balance sheet were as follows:
2018 £m   2017 £m
Intermediate Holding Company (“IHC Tax Group”)   1,454   1,413
US Branch Tax Group   1,087   1,234
UK Tax Group   861   492
Other   426   318
Deferred tax asset   3,828   3,457
Deferred tax liability   (51   )   (44   )
Net deferred tax   3,777   3,413

US deferred tax assets in the IHC and US Branch Tax Groups


The deferred tax asset in the IHC Tax Group of £1,454m (2017: £1,413m) includes £220m (2017: £286m) relating to tax losses
and the deferred tax asset in Barclays Bank PLC’s US Branch Tax Group of £1,087m (2017: £1,234m) includes £167m (2017: £283m) relating to tax losses. Under US tax rules, losses occurring prior to 1 January 2018 can
be carried forward and offset against profits for a period of 20 years. The losses first arose in 2011 in the IHC Tax Group and 2008 in the US Branch Tax Group and therefore, any unused amounts may begin to expire in 2031 and 2028 respectively. The
remaining US deferred tax assets relate to temporary differences for which there is no time limit on recovery. The deferred tax assets for the IHC and the US Branch Tax Groups’ tax losses are currently projected to be fully utilised by 2020.


UK Tax Group deferred tax asset

The deferred tax asset in the UK Tax Group of £861m (2017: £492m) relates entirely to temporary differences.


Other deferred tax assets


The deferred tax asset of £426m (2017: £318m) in other entities within the Barclays Group includes £142m (2017: £27m)
relating to tax losses carried forward. These deferred tax assets relate to a number of different territories and their recognition is based on profit forecasts or local country law which indicate that it is probable that the losses and temporary
differences will be utilised.

Of the deferred tax asset of £426m (2017: £318m), an amount of £247m (2017: £218m)
relates to entities which have suffered a loss in either the current or prior year. This has been taken into account in reaching the above conclusion that these deferred tax assets will be fully recovered in the future.


230 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


9 Tax
continued

The table
below shows movements on deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year. The amounts are different from those disclosed on the balance sheet and in the preceding table as they are presented before offsetting asset and liability balances where
there is a legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.


Fixed asset timing differences £m   Fair value through other compre- hensive income £m   Cash flow hedges £m   Retirement benefit obligations £m   Loan impairment allowance £m   Other provisions £m   Tax losses carried forward £m   Share- based payments and deferred compensation £m   Other £m   Total £m
Assets a   1,266   200   1   52   735   157   596   384   1,362   4,753
Liabilities   (28   )   (161   )   (76   )   (218   )   –   –   –   –   (230   )   (713   )
At 1 January 2018 a   1,238   39   (75   )   (166   )   735   157   596   384   1,132   4,040
Income statement   (14   )   (8   )   7   (120   )   (84   )   (62   )   (103   )   (26   )   (26   )   (436   )
Other comprehensive income   –   108   96   (98   )   (48   )   8   1   (13   )   (7   )   47
Other movements   52   6   1   (5   )   (2   )   9   35   14   16   126
1,276   145   29   (389   )   601   112   529   359   1,115   3,777
Assets   1,292   180   39   46   601   112   529   359   1,377   4,535
Liabilities   (16   )   (35   )   (10   )   (435   )   –   –   –   –   (262   )   (758   )
At 31 December 2018   1,276   145   29   (389   )   601   112   529   359   1,115   3,777
Assets   1,801   183   –   91   151   251   503   732   2,013   5,725
Liabilities   (92   )   (141   )   (333   )   –   –   –   –   –   (319   )   (885   )
At 1 January 2017   1,709   42   (333   )   91   151   251   503   732   1,694   4,840
Income statement   (353   )   –   –   (322   )   (38   )   (69   )   131   (307   )   (459   )   (1,417   )
Other comprehensive income   –   (3   )   262   49   –   –   –   (22   )   22   308
Other movements   (118   )   –   (4   )   16   (5   )   (25   )   (38   )   (19   )   (125   )   (318   )
1,238   39   (75   )   (166   )   108   157   596   384   1,132   3,413
Assets   1,266   200   1   52   108   157   596   384   1,362   4,126
Liabilities   (28   )   (161   )   (76   )   (218   )   –   –   –   –   (230   )   (713   )
At 31 December 2017   1,238   39   (75   )   (166   )   108   157   596   384   1,132   3,413

Note


a   Following the adoption of IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on 1 January 2018, additional deferred tax
assets of £627m were recognised. Refer to Note 42 for further information.

Other movements include the impact of
changes in foreign exchange rates as well as deferred tax amounts relating to acquisitions and disposals.

The amount of deferred tax
liability expected to be settled after more than 12 months is £635m (2017: £522m). The amount of deferred tax assets expected to be recovered after more than 12 months is £3,703m (2017: £3,399m). These amounts are before
offsetting asset and liability balances where there is a legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.


Unrecognised deferred tax


Tax losses and temporary differences

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of gross deductible temporary differences of £175m (2017: £157m), unused tax credits of £198m (2017: £546m), and gross tax losses of £16,313m
(2017: £17,919m). The tax losses include capital losses of £3,225m (2017: £3,126m). Of these tax losses, £240m (2017: £409m) expire within five years, £259m (2017: £193m) expire within six to ten years,
£948m (2017: £2,016m) expire within 11 to 20 years and £14,866m (2017: £15,301m) can be carried forward indefinitely. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these items because it is not probable that
future taxable profits and gains will be available against which they can be utilised.

Group investments in subsidiaries, branches
and associates

Deferred tax is not recognised in respect of the value of the Barclays Group’s investments in subsidiaries,
branches and associates where the Barclays Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of these temporary
differences for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised was £0.6bn (2017: £0.1bn).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 231


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


10 Earnings per share
2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing
and discontinued operations   1,394   (1,922   )   1,623
Tax credit on profit after tax attributable to other
equity instrument holders   203   174   128
Total profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of
continuing and discontinued operations   1,597   (1,748   )   1,751
Continuing operations
Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing
operations   1,394   413   1,434
Tax credit on profit after tax attributable to other
equity instrument holders   203   174   128
Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing
operations   1,597   587   1,562
Discontinued operation
(Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of discontinued
operations   –   (2,335   )   189
Dilutive impact of convertible options in respect of
discontinued operations   –   –   (1   )
(Loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent in respect of discontinued
operations including dilutive impact of convertible options   –   (2,335   )   188
Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the
parent in respect of continuing and discontinued operations including dilutive impact of convertible options   1,597   (1,748   )   1,750
2018 million   2017 million   2016 million
Basic weighted average number of shares in issue   17,075   16,996   16,860
Number of potential ordinary shares   308   288   184
Diluted weighted average number of
shares   17,383   17,284   17,044
Basic earnings per share   Diluted earnings per share
2018 p   2017 p   2016 p   2018 p   2017 p   2016 p
Earnings/(loss) per ordinary share   9.4   (10.3   )   10.4   9.2   (10.1   )   10.3
Earnings per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   9.4   3.5   9.3   9.2   3.4   9.2
(Loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of discontinued
operation   –   (13.8   )   1.1   –   (13.5   )   1.1

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity holders of the parent and
the basic weighted average number of shares excluding treasury shares held in employee benefit trusts or held for trading. When calculating the diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of shares in issue is adjusted for the effects of
all dilutive potential ordinary shares held in respect of Barclays PLC, totalling 308m (2017: 288m) shares. The total number of share options outstanding, under schemes considered to be potentially dilutive, was 544m (2017: 534m). These options have
strike prices ranging from £1.20 to £2.27.

Of the total number of employee share options and share awards at
31 December 2018, 43m (2017: 10m) were anti-dilutive.

The 79m (2017: 136m) increase in the basic weighted average number of shares
since 31 December 2017 to 17,075m is primarily due to shares issued under employee share schemes and the Scrip Dividend Programme.


11 Dividends on ordinary shares

The Directors have approved a total dividend in respect of 2018 of 6.5p per ordinary share of 25p each. The remaining full year dividend for 2018 of 4.0p per ordinary share will be paid on 5 April 2019 to shareholders on the
Share Register on 1 March 2019 following the 2.5p half year dividend paid in September. On 31 December 2018, there were 17,133m ordinary shares in issue. The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 does not reflect
this dividend, which will be accounted for in shareholders’ equity as an appropriation of retained profits in the year ending 31 December 2019. The 2018 financial statements include the 2018 half year dividend of £427m (2017:
£170m) and a final dividend declared in relation to 2017 of £341m (2017: £339m). Dividends are funded out of distributable reserves.


232 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


The notes included in this section focus on assets and liabilities the Barclays Group holds and
recognises at fair value. Fair value refers to the price that would be received to sell an asset or the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an
arm’s-length
 transaction with a willing
counterparty, which may be an observable market price or, where there is no quoted price for the instrument, may be an estimate based on available market data. Detail regarding the Barclays Group’s approach to managing market risk can be found
on page 130.


12 Trading portfolio


Accounting for trading
portfolio assets and liabilities

In accordance with IFRS 9, all assets and
liabilities held for trading purposes are held at fair value with gains and losses in the changes in fair value taken to the income statement in net trading income (Note 5).


Trading portfolio assets   Trading portfolio liabilities
2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Debt securities and other eligible bills   57,283   51,200   (25,394   )   (29,045   )
Equity securities   39,565   59,338   (12,488   )   (8,306   )
Traded loans   7,234   3,140   –   –
Commodities   105   82   –   –
Trading portfolio assets/(liabilities)   104,187   113,760   (37,882   )   (37,351   )


13 Financial assets at fair value through
the income statement


Accounting for financial
assets mandatorily at fair value

Financial assets that are held for trading are recognised at fair
value through profit or loss. In addition, financial assets are held at fair value through profit or loss if they do not contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI, or if the financial asset is not held
in a business model that is either (i) a business model to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling.


Accounting for financial assets designated at fair value


Financial assets, other than those held for trading, are classified in this category if they are so irrevocably
designated at inception and the use of the designation removes or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

Subsequent changes in fair value for these instruments are recognised in the income statement in net investment income, except if reporting it in trading income reduces an accounting mismatch.


The details on how the fair value amounts are derived for financial assets at fair value are
described in Note 17.


Designated at fair value   Mandatorily at fair value   Total
2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Loans and advances   5,267   11,037   14,257   –   19,524   11,037
Debt securities   3,855   15   667   –   4,522   15
Equity securities   –   4,670   6,019   –   6,019   4,670
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   106   100,040   118,935   –   119,041   100,040
Other financial assets   –   519   542   –   542   519
Financial assets at fair value through the income
statement   9,228   116,281   140,420   –   149,648   116,281

Credit risk of loans and advances designated at fair value and related credit derivatives


The following table shows the maximum exposure to credit risk, the changes in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk, and the cumulative
changes in fair value since initial recognition together with the amount by which related credit derivatives mitigate this risk:


Maximum exposure as at 31 December   Changes in fair value during the year ended   Cumulative changes in fair value from inception
2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Loans and advances designated at fair value, attributable to credit risk   5,267   11,037   4   10   (35)   2
Value mitigated by related credit derivatives   –   256   –   1   –   (12)


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 233


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


14 Derivative financial instruments


Accounting for derivatives


Derivative instruments are contracts whose value is derived from one or more underlying financial
instruments or indices defined in the contract. They include swaps, forward-rate agreements, futures, options and combinations of these instruments and primarily affect the Barclays Group’s net interest income, net trading income and derivative
assets and liabilities. Notional amounts of the contracts are not recorded on the balance sheet. Derivatives are used to hedge interest rate, exchange rate, commodity, and equity exposures and exposures to certain indices such as house price indices
and retail price indices related to
non-trading
 positions.

All
derivative instruments are held at fair value through profit or loss, except for derivatives that are in a designated cash flow or net investment hedge accounting relationship. Derivatives are classified as assets when their fair value is positive
or as liabilities when their fair value is negative. This includes terms included in a contract or financial liability (the host), which, had it been a standalone contract, would have met the definition of a derivative. If these are separated from
the host, i.e. when the economic characteristics of the embedded derivative are not closely related with those of the host contract and the combined instrument is not measured at fair value through profit or loss, then they are accounted for in the
same way as derivatives. For financial assets, the requirements are whether the financial asset contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI, and consequently the requirements for accounting for embedded
derivatives are not applicable to financial assets.

Hedge accounting


The Barclays Group applies the requirements of IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement for hedge
accounting purposes. The Barclays Group applies hedge accounting to represent the economic effects of its interest rate, currency and contractually linked inflation risk management strategies. Where derivatives are held for risk management purposes,
and when transactions meet the required criteria for documentation and hedge effectiveness, the Barclays Group applies fair value hedge accounting, cash flow hedge accounting, or hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation, as appropriate to
the risks being hedged.

Fair value hedge accounting


Changes in fair value of derivatives that qualify and are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the
income statement, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The fair value changes adjust the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability held at amortised cost.


If hedge relationships no longer meet the criteria for hedge accounting, hedge accounting is
discontinued. For fair value hedges of interest rate risk, the fair value adjustment to the hedged item is amortised to the income statement over the period to maturity of the previously designated hedge relationship using the effective interest
method. If the hedged item is sold or repaid, the unamortised fair value adjustment is recognised immediately in the income statement. For items classified as fair value through other comprehensive income, the hedge accounting adjustment is included
in other comprehensive income.

Cash flow hedge accounting


For qualifying cash flow hedges, the fair value gain or loss associated with the effective portion of the cash flow
hedge is recognised initially in other comprehensive income, and then recycled to the income statement in the periods when the hedged item will affect profit or loss. Any ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is
recognised in the income statement immediately.

When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a
hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the hedged item is ultimately recognised in the income statement. When a forecast
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was recognised in equity is immediately transferred to the income statement.


Hedges of net investments


The Barclays Group’s net investments in foreign operations, including monetary items
accounted for as part of the net investment, are hedged for foreign currency risks using both derivatives and foreign currency borrowings. Hedges of net investments are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges; the effective portion of the gain
or loss on the hedging instrument is being recognised directly in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion being recognised immediately in the income statement. The cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is
recognised in the income statement on the disposal or partial disposal of the foreign operation, or other reductions in the Barclays Group’s investment in the operation.


Total derivatives   2018   2017
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   44,193,753   222,384   (219,578   )   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   180,202   154   (65   )   231,348   165   (1,109   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities)   44,373,955   222,538   (219,643   )   35,918,021   237,669   (238,345   )

Further information on netting arrangements of derivative financial instruments can be found within Note 18.


Trading derivatives are managed within the Barclays Group’s market risk management policies, which are outlined on page 93.


The Barclays Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from derivative contracts are outlined in the Credit risk section on page 104
to 129.


234 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


14 Derivative financial instruments
continued

The fair values and notional amounts of derivative instruments held for trading are set out in the following table:


Derivatives held for trading   2018   2017
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Foreign exchange derivatives
Forward foreign exchange   3,460,364   32,575   (33,051   )   3,131,184   26,534   (26,177   )
Currency swaps   1,180,559   27,184   (26,031   )   1,098,587   23,675   (22,003   )
OTC options bought and sold   552,838   4,259   (4,805   )   506,156   4,056   (4,665   )
OTC derivatives   5,193,761   64,018   (63,887   )   4,735,927   54,265   (52,845   )
Foreign exchange derivatives cleared by central
counterparty   72,526   163   (233   )   59,618   607   (585   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   23,585   7   (7   )   24,266   30   (30   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   5,289,872   64,188   (64,127   )   4,819,811   54,902   (53,460   )
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps   7,333,917   102,613   (96,394   )   5,680,977   121,560   (112,187   )
Forward-rate agreements   342,883   171   (306   )   268,277   87   (88   )
OTC options bought and sold   2,292,525   20,922   (22,589   )   2,384,453   27,235   (29,635   )
OTC derivatives   9,969,325   123,706   (119,289   )   8,333,707   148,882   (141,910   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared by central
counterparty   16,083,853   1,056   (1,016   )   13,215,545   3,675   (3,390   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   11,087,714   356   (323   )   7,644,560   362   (358   )
Interest rate derivatives   37,140,892   125,118   (120,628   )   29,193,812   152,919   (145,658   )
Credit derivatives
OTC swaps   386,508   6,575   (5,239   )   411,160   7,595   (6,233   )
Credit derivatives cleared by central counterparty   372,567   4,180   (4,280   )   303,841   4,954   (5,319   )
Credit derivatives   759,075   10,755   (9,519   )   715,001   12,549   (11,552   )
Equity and stock index derivatives
OTC options bought and sold   57,840   4,542   (7,719   )   58,456   5,262   (9,591   )
Equity swaps and forwards   132,656   5,169   (4,111   )   103,283   2,235   (5,478   )
OTC derivatives   190,496   9,711   (11,830   )   161,739   7,497   (15,069   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   692,435   11,171   (12,066   )   632,662   7,201   (9,050   )
Equity and stock index derivatives   882,931   20,882   (23,896   )   794,401   14,698   (24,119   )
Commodity derivatives
OTC options bought and sold   1,648   26   (34   )   4,465   32   (103   )
Commodity swaps and forwards   8,108   495   (374   )   12,755   662   (753   )
OTC derivatives   9,756   521   (408   )   17,220   694   (856   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   111,227   920   (1,000   )   146,428   1,742   (1,591   )
Commodity derivatives   120,983   1,441   (1,408   )   163,648   2,436   (2,447   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   44,193,753   222,384   (219,578   )   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )
Total OTC derivatives held for trading   15,749,846   204,531   (200,653   )   13,659,753   218,933   (216,913   )
Total derivatives cleared by central counterparty held for
trading   16,528,946   5,399   (5,529   )   13,579,004   9,236   (9,294   )
Total exchange traded derivatives held for trading   11,914,961   12,454   (13,396   )   8,447,916   9,335   (11,029   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   44,193,753   222,384   (219,578   )   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 235


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


14 Derivative financial instruments
continued


The fair values and notional amounts of derivative instruments held for risk management are set out in the following table:


Derivatives held for risk management   2018   2017
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Interest rate swaps   2,075   11   (6   )   1,482   7   (3   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared
by central counterparty   73,314   –   –   122,103   –   –
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges   75,389   11   (6   )   123,585   7   (3   )
Derivatives designated as fair value hedges
Interest rate swaps   2,065   143   (49   )   7,345   117   (1,096   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared by central counterparty   99,780   –   –   97,436   –   –
Derivatives designated as fair value hedges   101,845   143   (49   )   104,781   117   (1,096   )
Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments
Forward foreign exchange   2,968   –   (10   )   2,982   41   (10   )
Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments   2,968   –   (10   )   2,982   41   (10   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   180,202   154   (65   )   231,348   165   (1,109   )
Total OTC derivatives held for risk management   7,108   154   (65   )   11,809   165   (1,109   )
Total derivatives cleared by central counterparty held for risk management   173,094   –   –   219,539   –   –
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   180,202   154   (65   )   231,348   165   (1,109   )

The Barclays Group has hedged the following forecast cash flows, which primarily vary with interest rates. These
cash flows are expected to impact the income statement in the following periods, excluding any hedge adjustments that may be applied:


Up to   One to   Two to   Three to   Four to   More than
Total   one year   two years   three years   four years   five years   five years
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
2018
Forecast receivable cash flows   2,599   685   717   536   346   200   115
2017
Forecast receivable cash flows   2,671   484   584   561   416   305   321

The maximum length of time over which the Barclays Group hedges exposure to the variability in future cash flows for
forecast transactions, excluding those forecast transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments is 10 years (2017: 10 years).


Amounts recognised in net interest income   2018 £m   2017 £m
(Losses)/gains on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk   (163   )   550
Gains/(losses) on the hedging instruments   164   (460   )
Fair value ineffectiveness   1   90
Cash flow hedging ineffectiveness   (5   )   (135   )
Net investment hedging ineffectiveness   (1   )   2

Gains and losses transferred from the cash flow hedging reserve to the income statement included a £332m gain
(2017: £632m gain) to interest expense.


236 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


14 Derivative financial instruments
continued

Hedge accounting

Hedge accounting is applied predominantly for the following risks:


(i)   Interest rate risk – predominantly arises due to a mismatch between fixed interest rates and
floating interest rates. Interest rate risk also includes exposure to inflation risk for certain types of investments.


(ii)   Currency risk – arises due to assets or liabilities being denominated in different currencies
than the functional currency of the relevant entity. At a consolidated level, currency risk also arises when the functional currency of subsidiaries are different from the parent.


(iii)   Contractually linked Inflation risk – arises from financial instruments within contractually
specified inflation risk. The Barclays Group does not hedge inflation risk that arises from other activities.

In order
to hedge the risks to which the Barclays Group is exposed, the hedging instruments employed are interest rate swaps, inflation swaps, currency swaps and foreign currency debt to:


(i)   Swap fixed interest rate exposures into variable rates.


(ii)   Swap variable interest rate exposures into fixed rates.


(iii)   Swap inflation exposure into either fixed or variable interest rates.


(iv)   Swap foreign currency net investment exposure to local currency.


The hedging instruments share the same risk exposures as the hedged items, being interest rate risk, inflation risk and foreign currency risk. Hedge
effectiveness is assessed with reference to the shared risks, but to the extent hedging instruments are exposed to different risks than the hedged items, this could result in hedge ineffectiveness or hedge accounting failures.


In some cases, certain items which are economically hedged may be ineligible hedged items for the purposes of IAS 39, such as core deposits and
equity. In these instances, a proxy hedging solution can be utilised whereby portfolios of floating rate assets are designated as eligible hedged items in cash flow hedges.


The ratio between the hedged item and the hedging instruments is typically determined with reference to the sensitivity of the hedged item, on
designation to the risk factor, compared to that of the hedging instrument. In many cases the ratio is 100%.

In some hedging
relationships, the Barclays Group would designate risk components of hedged items as follows:


(i)   Benchmark interest rate risk as a component of interest rate risk, such as the LIBOR component.


(ii)   Inflation risk as a contractually specified component of a debt instrument.


(iii)   Spot exchange rate risk for foreign currency financial assets or financial liabilities.


(iv)   Components of cash flows of hedged items, for example certain interest payments for part of the life
of an instrument.

Using the benchmark interest rate risk results in other risks such as credit risk and liquidity risk
being excluded from the hedge accounting relationship. LIBOR is considered the predominant interest rate risk and therefore the hedged items change in fair value on a fully proportionate basis with reference to this risk.


For disclosures of the extent of risk exposures that the Barclays Group manages, refer to the Risk review section.


In respect of many of the Barclays Group’s hedge accounting relationships, the hedged item and hedging instrument change frequently due to the
dynamic nature of the risk management and hedge accounting strategy.

The Barclays risk management strategy is to hedge interest rate
risk with interest rate derivatives (predominantly interest rate swaps), currency risk with currency derivatives and inflation risk with inflation derivatives. The interest rate risk management strategy is to reduce Barclays’ exposure to
interest rate risk to within approved risk limits.

The Barclays Group applies hedge accounting to dynamic scenarios, predominantly in
relation to interest rate risk, with a combination of hedged items (some hedged items are designated by proxy) in order for its financial statements to reflect as closely as possible the economic risk management undertaken. Hedge relationships are
analysed and rebalanced on a daily basis. In some cases, if the hedge accounting objective changes, the relevant hedge accounting relationship is
de-designated;
 in some cases, a

de-designated
 relationship is replaced with a different hedge accounting relationship.

Changes
in the GBP value of net investments due to foreign currency movements are captured in the currency translation reserve, resulting in a movement in CET1 capital. The Barclays Group’s strategy is to minimise the volatility of the capital ratios
caused by foreign exchange movements, by matching the CET1 capital movements to the revaluation of the Barclays Group’s foreign currency RWA exposures. Net investment hedges are designated where necessary to reduce the exposure to movement in a
particular exchange rate to within mandated limits. As far as possible, existing external currency liabilities are designated as the hedging instruments. Hedging relationships are reviewed, and adjusted if necessary, at least once a month.


Sources of ineffectiveness affecting hedge accounting are as follows:


(i)   Mismatches between the contractual terms of the hedged item and hedging instrument, including basis
differences between the hedged risk and the risk exposure of the hedging instrument.


(ii)   Changes in credit risk of the hedging instruments.


(iii)   If a hedge accounting relationship becomes overhedged. This might occur in hedges of net investments
if the net asset value designated at the start of the period falls below the amount of the hedging instrument.


(iv)   In the cash flow hedging solution, when a hedge is built using external swaps having non-zero present values, it creates ineffectiveness.

No other source of
ineffectiveness has arisen during the period. Hedge effectiveness is determined with reference to quantitative tests, predominantly regression testing, which takes into account the regression
co-efficient,
 the
slope of the regression line, and ensuring that the relevant confidence intervals are complied with. There were no instances of forecast transactions for which hedge accounting had been used in the previous period, but which are no longer expected
to occur.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 237


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


14 Derivative financial instruments
continued


Amount, timing and uncertainty of future cash flows


The following table shows the hedging instruments which are carried on the Barclays Group’s balance sheet:


Change in fair
Carrying value   value used as
a basis to
Derivative   Derivative   Loan   Nominal   determine
assets   liabilities   liabilities   amount   ineffectiveness
Hedge type   Risk category   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2018
Fair value   Interest rate risk   106   (41   )   –   98,320   135
Inflation risk   37   (8   )   –   3,525   29
Cash flow   Interest rate risk   11   (6   )   –   75,389   (380   )
Net investment   Foreign exchange risk   –   (10   )   (12,325   )   15,300   (745   )
The following table profiles the expected notional values of current hedging instruments in future years:
2019 £m   2020 £m   2021 £m   2022 £m   2023 £m   2024 and later £m
As at 31 December
Fair value hedges of interest rate risk
Notional amount   95,411   86,939   70,335   56,938   51,114   41,510
Fair value hedges of inflation risk
Notional amount   3,107   1,998   1,754   1,331   1,159   986

There are 1,805 interest rate risk fair value hedges with an average fixed rate of 2.79% across the relationships
and 44 inflation risk fair value hedges with an average rate of 1.00% across the relationships.


Hedged items in fair value hedge accounting relationships
Accumulated fair value adjustment included in carrying amount
Of which:
Accumulated
fair value   Change in
adjustment on   fair value   Hedge
items no longer   used as a basis   ineffectiveness   Line item in the
in a hedge   to determine   recognised in the   income statement
Hedged item statement of financial position   Carrying amount   Total   relationship   ineffectiveness   income statement   used to recognise
classification and risk category   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   ineffectiveness
2018
Assets
Loans and advances classified as amortised cost
– Interest rate risk   7,106   (363   )   (626   )   (568   )   37   Net interest income
– Inflation risk   512   312   –   2   (1   )   Net interest income
Debt securities classified as fair value through other comprehensive income
– Interest rate risk   30,108   416   (21   )   (96   )   17   Net interest income
– Inflation risk   2,907   (20   )   –   (50   )   (18   )   Net interest income
Liabilities
Debt securities in issue classified as amortised cost
– Interest rate risk   53,935   (289   )   (256   )   549   (34   )   Net interest income

For items classified as fair value through other comprehensive income, the hedge accounting adjustment is not
included in the carrying amount, but rather recognised as other comprehensive income.


238 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


14 Derivative financial instruments continued
Hedged items in cash flow hedge accounting and hedges of net investments in
foreign operations
Balances
Balances   remaining
remaining in   in foreign
Change in   cash flow   currency
value of   Balance in   hedge reserve   translation   Hedging gains   Line item in the
hedged item   Balance in   foreign   for which   reserve for   or losses   Hedge   statement of
used as   cash flow   currency   hedge   which hedge   recognised   ineffectiveness   comprehensive
the basis for   hedge reserve   reserve   accounting   accounting   in other   recognised in   income used
recognising   for continuing   for continuing   is no longer   is no longer   comprehensive   the income   to recognise
Description of hedge   ineffectiveness   hedges   hedges   applied   applied   income   statement   ineffectiveness
relationship and hedged risk   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
2018
Cash flow hedge of
interest rate risk
Loans and
advances classified   Net interest
as amortised cost   375   (44   )   –   (827   )   –   334   (5   )   income
Hedge of net investment
in foreign operation
USD foreign operations   719   –   1,648   –   –   719   –
EUR foreign operations   –   –   1   –   86   –   –
ZAR foreign operations   –   –   –   –   (1   )   –   –
CAD foreign operations   –   –   –   –   1   –   –
CHF foreign operations   4   –   –   –   53   4   –
HKD foreign operations   2   –   –   –   23   2   –
JPY foreign operations   14   –   –   –   77   14   –
MXN foreign operations   21   –   –   –   (14   )   21   –
SEK foreign operations   (13   )   –   –   –   13   (13   )   –
Net
interest
SGD foreign operations   1   –   –   –   78   1   (1   )   income
TWD foreign operations   –   –   –   –   2   –   –
BRL foreign operations   (4   )   –   (3   )   –   –   (4   )   –
CNY foreign operations   –   –   –   –   2   –   –
INR foreign operations   –   –   –   –   7   –   –
744   –   1,646   –   327   744   (1   )

The effect on the income statement and other comprehensive income of recycling amounts in respect of cash flow
hedges and net investment hedges of foreign operations is set out in the following table:


2018
Amount recycled   Amount recycled
from other   from other
comprehensive   comprehensive
income due to   income during the
hedged item   period due to sale
affecting income   or disposal of
statement   investment
Description of hedge relationship and hedged risk   £m   £m
Cash flow hedge of interest rate risk
Recycled to interest income   332   –
Hedge of net investment in foreign operation
Recycled to other income   –   (41   )

A detailed reconciliation of the movements of the cash flow hedge reserve and the currency translation reserve is as
follows:


Cash flow   Currency
hedge reserve   translation reserve
£m   £m
Balance on 1 January 2018   1,161   3,054
Currency translation movements a   (10   )   793
Hedging gains/(losses) for the year   (334   )   –
Amounts reclassified in relation to cash flows affecting profit or loss   (332   )   41
Tax   175   –
Balance on 31 December 2018   660   3,888


Note


a   Currency translation movements include amounts attributable to items which are not in net
investment hedges (£49m gain).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 239


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


15 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and
Financial investments


Accounting for financial
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (‘FVOCI’) under IFRS 9 effective from 1 January 2018


Financial assets that are debt instruments held in a business model that is achieved by both collecting contractual
cash flows and selling and that contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI are measured at FVOCI. They are subsequently
re-measured
 at fair value and changes
therein (except for those relating to impairment, interest income and foreign currency exchange gains and losses) are recognised in other comprehensive income until the assets are sold. Interest (calculated using the effective interest method) is
recognised in the income statement in net interest income (Note 3). Upon disposal, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is included in net investment income.


In determining whether the business model is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets, it is determined that both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets are integral to achieving the objective of the business model. The Barclays Group will consider past sales and expectations about future
sales to establish if the business model is achieved.

For equity securities that are not held for
trading, the Barclays Group may make an irrevocable election on initial recognition to present subsequent changes in the fair value of the instrument in other comprehensive income (except for dividend income which is recognised in profit or loss).
Gains or losses on the
de-recognition
 of these equity securities are not transferred to profit or loss. These assets are also not subject to the impairment requirements and therefore no amounts are recycled to
the income statement. Where the Barclays Group has not made the irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in the fair value of the instrument in other comprehensive income, equity securities are measured at fair value through profit or
loss.

Accounting for financial investments under IAS 39 for 2017 and 2016


Available for sale financial assets are held at fair value with gains and losses being included in other
comprehensive income. The Barclays Group uses this classification for assets that are not derivatives and are not held for trading purposes or otherwise designated at fair value through profit or loss, or at amortised cost. Dividends and interest
(calculated using the effective interest method) are recognised in the income statement in net interest income or, net investment income. On disposal, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is also included in net
investment income.

Held to maturity assets are held at amortised cost. The Barclays
Group uses this classification when there is an intent and ability to hold the asset to maturity. Interest on the investments are recognised in the income statement within net interest income.


2018 £m   2017 £m
Debt securities and other eligible bills at fair value through other comprehensive income   51,026   –
Equity securities at fair value through other comprehensive income   1,122   –
Loans and advances at fair value through other comprehensive income   668   –
Available for sale debt securities and other eligible bills   –   52,020
Available for sale equity securities   –   1,786
Held to maturity debt securities   –   5,109
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income/Financial investments   52,816   58,915

16 Financial liabilities designated at fair value


Accounting for liabilities
designated at fair value through profit and loss

In accordance with IFRS 9, financial liabilities
may be designated at fair value, with gains and losses taken to the income statement within net trading income (Note 5) and net investment income (Note 6). Movements in own credit are reported through other comprehensive income. On derecognition of
the financial liability no amount relating to own credit risk are recycled to the income statement. The Barclays Group has the ability to make the fair value designation when holding the instruments at fair value reduces an accounting mismatch
(caused by an offsetting liability or asset being held at fair value), or is managed by the Barclays Group on the basis of its fair value, or includes terms that have substantive derivative characteristics (Note 14).


The details on how the fair value amounts are arrived for financial liabilities designated at
fair value are described in Note 17.


2018   2017
Fair value £m   Contractual amount due on maturity £m   Fair value £m   Contractual amount due on maturity £m
Debt securities   46,649   54,159   42,563   46,920
Deposits   31,682   32,029   4,448   4,414
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   138,484   138,724   126,691   126,822
Other financial liabilities   19   19   16   16
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   216,834   224,931   173,718   178,172

The cumulative own credit net loss recognised is £121m (2017: £179m loss).


240 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments


Accounting for financial
assets and liabilities – fair values

Financial instruments that are held for trading are
recognised at fair value through profit or loss. In addition, financial assets are held at fair value through profit or loss if they do not contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI, or if the financial
asset is not held in a business model that is either (i) a business model to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling. Subsequent changes in fair
value for these instruments are recognised in the income statement in net investment income, except if reporting it in trading income reduces an accounting mismatch.


All financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date of initial recognition (including
transaction costs, other than financial instruments held at fair value through profit or loss) and, depending on the classification of the asset or liability, may continue to be held at fair value either through profit or loss or other comprehensive
income. The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.


Wherever possible, fair value is determined by reference to a quoted market price for that instrument. For many of
the Barclays Group’s financial assets and liabilities, especially derivatives, quoted prices are not available and valuation models are used to estimate fair value. The models calculate the expected cash flows under the terms of each specific
contract and then discount these values back to a present value. These models use as their basis independently sourced market inputs including, for example, interest rate yield curves, equities and commodities prices, option volatilities and
currency rates.

For financial liabilities measured at fair value, the carrying amount reflects the
effect on fair value of changes in own credit spreads derived from observable market data such as in primary issuance and redemption activity for structured notes.


On initial recognition, it is presumed that the transaction price is the fair value unless there is observable
information available in an active market to the contrary. The best evidence of an instrument’s fair value on initial recognition is typically the transaction price. However, if fair value can be evidenced by comparison with other observable
current market transactions in the same instrument, or is based on a valuation technique whose inputs include only data from observable markets, then the instrument should be recognised at the fair value derived from such observable market data.


For valuations that have made use of unobservable inputs, the difference between the model valuation
and the initial transaction price (Day One profit) is recognised in profit or loss either: on a straight-line basis over the term of the transaction; or over the period until all model inputs will become observable where appropriate; or released in
full when previously unobservable inputs become observable.

Various factors influence the availability
of observable inputs and these may vary from product to product and change over time. Factors include the depth of activity in the relevant market, the type of product, whether the product is new and not widely traded in the marketplace, the
maturity of market modelling and the nature of the transaction (bespoke or generic). To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are not observable in the market, the determination of fair value can be more subjective, dependent
on the significance of the unobservable input to the overall valuation. Unobservable inputs are determined based on the best information available, for example by reference to similar assets, similar maturities or other analytical techniques.


The sensitivity of valuations used in the financial statements to possible changes in significant
unobservable inputs is shown on page 250.

Critical accounting estimates and judgements


The valuation of financial instruments often involves a significant degree of
judgement and complexity, in particular where valuation models make use of unobservable inputs (‘Level 3’ assets and liabilities). This note provides information on these instruments, including the related unrealised gains and losses
recognised in the period, a description of significant valuation techniques and unobservable inputs, and a sensitivity analysis.


Valuation

IFRS 13 Fair
value measurement requires an entity to classify its assets and liabilities according to a hierarchy that reflects the observability of significant market inputs. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined below.


Quoted market prices – Level 1

Assets and liabilities are classified as Level 1 if their value is observable in an active market. Such instruments are valued by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets where
the quoted price is readily available, and the price represents actual and regularly occurring market transactions. An active market is one in which transactions occur with sufficient volume and frequency to provide pricing information on an ongoing
basis.

Valuation technique using observable inputs – Level 2


Assets and liabilities classified as Level 2 have been valued using models whose inputs are observable either directly or indirectly.
Valuations based on observable inputs include assets and liabilities such as swaps and forwards which are valued using market standard pricing techniques, and options that are commonly traded in markets where all the inputs to the market standard
pricing models are observable.

Valuation technique using significant unobservable inputs – Level 3


Assets and liabilities are classified as Level 3 if their valuation incorporates significant inputs that are not based on observable market
data (unobservable inputs). A valuation input is considered observable if it can be directly observed from transactions in an active market, or if there is compelling external evidence demonstrating an executable exit price. Unobservable input
levels are generally determined via reference to observable inputs, historical observations or using other analytical techniques.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 241


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


The following table shows the Barclays Group’s assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by valuation technique (fair
value hierarchy) and balance sheet classification:


Assets and liabilities held at fair value
2018   2017
Valuation technique using   Valuation technique using
Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Total £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Total £m
As at 31 December
Trading portfolio assets   51,029   49,545   3,613   104,187   63,925   47,858   1,977   113,760
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   8,918   131,348   9,382   149,648   4,347   104,187   7,747   116,281
Derivative financial assets   6,813   210,510   5,215   222,538   3,786   228,549   5,334   237,669
Available for sale investments   –   –   –   –   22,841   30,571   395   53,807
Financial assets at fair value through other   comprehensive income   19,764   32,697   355   52,816   –   –   –   –
Investment property   –   –   9   9   –   –   116   116
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale a   –   –   –   –   –   –   29   29
Total assets   86,524   424,100   18,574   529,198   94,899   411,165   15,598   521,662
Trading portfolio liabilities   (20,654   )   (17,225   )   (3   )   (37,882   )   (20,905   )   (16,442   )   (4   )   (37,351   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   (76   )   (216,478   )   (280   )   (216,834   )   –   (173,238   )   (480   )   (173,718   )
Derivative financial liabilities   (6,152   )   (208,748   )   (4,743   )   (219,643   )   (3,631   )   (229,517   )   (5,197   )   (238,345   )
Total liabilities   (26,882   )   (442,451   )   (5,026   )   (474,359   )   (24,536   )   (419,197   )   (5,681   )   (449,414   )

Note


a   Disposal groups held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are included in the
fair value table.


242 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued

The following table shows the Barclays Group’s assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by valuation technique (fair value hierarchy) and product type:


Assets and liabilities held at fair value by product type
Assets Valuation technique using   Liabilities Valuation technique using
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2018
Interest rate derivatives   –   122,794   2,478   –   (118,227   )   (2,456   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   –   63,996   192   –   (63,952   )   (185   )
Credit derivatives   –   9,373   1,381   –   (9,188   )   (331   )
Equity derivatives   6,813   12,934   1,136   (6,152   )   (16,001   )   (1,743   )
Commodity derivatives   –   1,413   28   –   (1,380   )   (28   )
Government and government sponsored debt   41,812   51,644   14   (9,396   )   (11,171   )   –
Corporate debt   –   14,664   456   –   (5,061   )   –
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market
instruments   –   1,135   –   –   (8,556   )   (10   )
Margin lending   –   10,388   –   –   (26,875   )   –
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements   –   118,273   768   –   (138,460   )   –
Non-asset backed loans   –   7,406   8,304   –   –   –
Asset backed securities   –   2,314   688   –   (245   )   –
Issued debt   –   –   –   –   (42,101   )   (251   )
Equity cash products   37,816   7,195   698   (11,258   )   (1,181   )   (3   )
Private equity investments   7   –   1,071   –   –   (19   )
Assets and liabilities held for sale   –   –   –   –   –   –
Other a   76   571   1,360   (76   )   (53   )   –
Total   86,524   424,100   18,574   (26,882   )   (442,451   )   (5,026   )
As at 31 December 2017
Interest rate derivatives   –   150,325   2,718   –   (143,890   )   (2,867   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   –   54,783   160   –   (53,346   )   (124   )
Credit derivatives   –   11,163   1,386   –   (11,312   )   (240   )
Equity derivatives   3,786   9,848   1,064   (3,631   )   (18,527   )   (1,961   )
Commodity derivatives   –   2,430   6   –   (2,442   )   (5   )
Government and government sponsored debt   34,783   49,853   49   (13,079   )   (13,116   )   –
Corporate debt   –   15,098   871   –   (3,580   )   (4   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market
instruments   –   1,491   –   –   (7,377   )   (250   )
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements   –   100,038   –   –   (126,691   )   –
Non-asset backed loans   –   5,710   6,657   –   –   –
Asset backed securities   –   1,837   626   –   (221   )   –
Issued debt   –   –   –   –   (38,176   )   (214   )
Equity cash products a   56,322   7,690   502   (7,826   )   (388   )   –
Private equity investments   8   1   817   –   –   (16   )
Assets and liabilities held for sale   –   –   29   –   –   –
Other a,b   –   898   713   –   (131   )   –
Total   94,899   411,165   15,598   (24,536   )   (419,197   )   (5,681   )

Notes

a Level 3 preference shares of £390m were reclassified from other to equity cash products.

b Other
includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset backed loans, physical commodities and investment property.


Valuation techniques and sensitivity analysis

Sensitivity analysis is performed on products with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) to generate a range of reasonably possible alternative valuations. The sensitivity methodologies applied take account of the nature of the
valuation techniques used, as well as the availability and reliability of observable proxy and historical data and the impact of using alternative models.

Sensitivities are dynamically calculated on a monthly basis. The calculation is based on range or spread data of a reliable reference source or a scenario based on relevant market analysis alongside the impact of using alternative
models. Sensitivities are calculated without reflecting the impact of any diversification in the portfolio.

The valuation techniques
used for the material products within Levels 2 and 3, and observability and sensitivity analysis for products within Level 3, are described below.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 243


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Interest rate derivatives


Description:
 Derivatives linked to interest rates or inflation indices. The category includes futures, interest rate and inflation swaps,
swaptions, caps, floors, inflation options, balance guaranteed swaps and other exotic interest rate derivatives.

Valuation:

Interest rate and inflation derivatives are generally valued using curves of forward rates constructed from market data to project and discount the expected future cash flows of trades. Instruments with optionality are valued using volatilities
implied from market inputs, and use industry standard or bespoke models depending on the product type.

Observability:
 In general,
inputs are considered observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are generally set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques or inferred
via another reasonable method.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
Sensitivity to unobservable valuation inputs is based on
the dispersion of consensus data services where available, or alternatively it is based on stress scenarios or historic data.

Foreign
exchange derivatives

Description:
 Derivatives linked to the foreign exchange (FX) market. The category includes FX forward
contracts, FX swaps and FX options. The majority are traded as over the counter (OTC) derivatives.

Valuation:
 FX derivatives are
valued using industry standard and bespoke models depending on the product type. Valuation inputs include FX rates, interest rates, FX volatilities, interest rate volatilities, FX interest rate correlations and others as appropriate.


Observability:
FX correlations, forwards and volatilities are generally observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately
for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
Sensitivity relating to unobservable valuation inputs is primarily based on the dispersion of
consensus data services.

Credit derivatives


Description:
Derivatives linked to the credit spread of a referenced entity, index or basket of referenced entities or a pool of referenced
assets (e.g. a securitised product). The category includes single name and index credit default swaps (CDS) and asset backed CDS.


Valuation:
 CDS are valued on industry standard models using curves of credit spreads as the principal input. Credit spreads are observed
directly from broker data, third party vendors or priced to proxies.

Observability:
CDS contracts referencing entities that are
actively traded are generally considered observable. Other valuation inputs are considered observable if products with significant sensitivity to the inputs are actively traded in a liquid market. Unobservable valuation inputs are generally
determined with reference to recent transactions or inferred from observable trades of the same issuer or similar entities.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
Sensitivity to unobservable CDS contracts is determined by applying a shift to credit spread curves
based on the average range of pricing observed in the market for similar CDS

Equity derivatives


Description:
 Exchange traded or OTC derivatives linked to equity indices and single names. The category includes vanilla and exotic equity
products.

Valuation:
 Equity derivatives are valued using industry standard models. Valuation inputs include stock prices,
dividends, volatilities, interest rates, equity repurchase curves and, for multi-asset products, correlations.

Observability:
 In
general, valuation inputs are observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred
via another reasonable method.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
Sensitivity is generally estimated using the dispersion of
consensus data services.

Commodity derivatives


Description:
 Exchange traded and OTC derivatives based on underlying commodities such as metals, crude oil and refined products,
agricultural, power and natural gas.

Valuation:
 Commodity swaps and options are valued using models incorporating discounting of
cash flows and other industry standard modelling techniques. Valuation inputs include forward curves, volatilities implied from market observable inputs and correlations.


Observability:
Commodity correlations, forwards and volatilities are generally observable up to liquid maturities which are determined
separately for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set with reference to similar observable products, or by applying extrapolation techniques to observable inputs.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
Sensitivity is determined primarily by measuring historical variability over a period of years. Where
historical data is unavailable or uncertainty is due to volumetric risk, sensitivity is measured by applying appropriate stress scenarios or using proxy
bid-offer
 spread levels.


244 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued

Complex derivative instruments

Valuation estimates made by counterparties with respect to complex derivative
instruments, for the purpose of determining the amount of collateral to be posted, often differ, sometimes significantly, from Barclays’ own estimates. In almost all cases, Barclays has been able to successfully resolve such differences or
otherwise reach an accommodation with respect to collateral posting levels, including in certain cases by entering into compromise collateral arrangements. Due to the ongoing nature of collateral calls, Barclays will often be engaged in discussion
with one or more counterparties in respect of such differences at any given time. Valuation estimates made by counterparties for collateral purposes are considered, like any other third party valuation, when determining Barclays’ fair value
estimates.

Government and government sponsored debt


Description:
 Government bonds, supra sovereign bonds and agency bonds.


Valuation:
Liquid bonds that are actively traded through an exchange or clearing house are marked to the levels observed in these markets.
Other actively traded bonds are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing sources.

Observability:
 Prices for actively traded bonds are considered observable. Unobservable bonds prices are generally determined by reference to bond yields for actively traded bonds from the same (or a similar) issuer.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally determined by using a range of observable alternative prices.


Corporate debt


Description:
 Primarily corporate bonds.

Valuation:
 Corporate bonds are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing sources.


Observability:
 Prices for actively traded bonds are considered observable. Unobservable bonds prices are generally determined by reference to
bond yields or CDS spreads for actively traded instruments issued by or referencing the same (or a similar) issuer.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally determined by applying a shift to bond yields using the average ranges of
external levels observed in the market for similar bonds.

Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market
instruments

Description:
 Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments.


Valuation:
 Instruments are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing
services.

Observability:
 Prices for actively traded instruments are considered observable. Unobservable instrument prices are
generally determined by reference to bond yields or CDS spreads for actively traded instruments issued by or referencing the same (or a similar) issuer.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally calculated by using a range of observable alternative prices.

Margin Lending

Description:
 Includes Prime Brokerage Margin Lending, and other similar secured lending
agreements. The agreements are primarily short-term in nature.

Valuation:
 Prime Brokerage Margin Lending transactions are
generally valued by discounting the expected future cash flows using industry standard models that incorporate market interest rates and repurchase rates, based on the specific details of the transaction.


Observability:
 Inputs are deemed observable up to liquid maturities, and are determined based on the specific features of the transaction.


Unobservable inputs are generally set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred via
another reasonable method.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally estimated using the dispersion of
consensus data services, or historic trade data. In general, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs is not significant to the overall valuation given the predominantly short-term nature of the agreements.


Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements

Description:
 Includes securities purchased under resale agreements, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and other similar secured lending agreements. The agreements are primarily short-term in nature.


Valuation:
 Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are generally valued by discounting the expected future cash flows using industry
standard models that incorporate market interest rates and repurchase rates, based on the specific details of the transaction.


Observability:
 Inputs are deemed observable up to liquid maturities, and are determined based on the specific features of the transaction.


Unobservable inputs are generally set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred via
another reasonable method.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally estimated using the dispersion of
consensus data services, stress scenarios or historic data. In general, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs is not significant to the overall valuation given the predominantly short-term nature of the agreements.


Non-asset
 backed loans


Description:
 Largely made up of fixed rate loans.

Valuation:
 Fixed rate loans are valued using models that discount expected future cash flows based on interest rates and loan spreads.


Observability:
 Within this loan population, the loan spread is generally unobservable. Unobservable loan spreads are determined by
incorporating funding costs, the level of comparable assets such as gilts, issuer credit quality and other factors.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 The sensitivity of fixed rate loans is calculated by applying a shift to loan spreads.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 245


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Asset backed securities


Description:
 Securities that are linked to the cash flows of a pool of referenced assets via securitisation. The category includes
residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, CDOs, collateralised loan obligations (CLOs) and other asset backed securities.


Valuation:
 Where available, valuations are based on observable market prices sourced from broker quotes and inter-dealer prices. Otherwise,
valuations are determined using industry standard discounted cash flow analysis that calculates the fair value based on valuation inputs such as constant default rate, conditional prepayment rate, loss given default and yield. These inputs are
determined by reference to a number of sources including proxying to observed transactions, market indices or market research, and by assessing underlying collateral performance.


Proxying to observed transactions, indices or research requires an assessment and comparison of the relevant securities’ underlying attributes
including collateral, tranche, vintage, underlying asset composition (historical losses, borrower characteristics and loan attributes such as loan to value ratio and geographic concentration) and credit ratings (original and current).


Observability:
 Where an asset backed product does not have an observable market price and the valuation is determined using a discounted cash
flow analysis, the instrument is considered unobservable.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 The sensitivity analysis for
asset backed products is based on externally sourced pricing dispersion or by stressing the inputs of discount cash flow analysis.


Issued debt


Description:
 Debt notes issued by Barclays.

Valuation:
 Issued debt is valued using discounted cash flow techniques and industry standard models incorporating various inputs observed for each instrument.


Observability:
Barclays issued notes are generally observable. Structured notes are debt instruments containing embedded derivatives. Where
either an input to the embedded derivative or the debt instrument is deemed unobservable and significant to the overall valuation of the note, the structured note is classified as Level 3.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity to the unobservable input in the embedded derivative is calculated in line with the
method used for the derivative instrument concerned.

Equity cash products


Description:
 Includes listed equities, Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) and preference shares.


Valuation:
 Valuation of equity cash products is primarily determined through market observable prices.


Observability:
 Prices for actively traded equity cash products are considered observable. Unobservable equity prices are generally determined
by reference to actively traded instruments that are similar in nature, or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally calculated based on applying a shift to the valuation of the underlying
asset.

Private equity investments

Description:
 Includes private equity holdings and principal investments.

Valuation:
 Private equity
investments are valued in accordance with the ‘International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines’ which require the use of a number of individual pricing benchmarks such as the prices of recent transactions in the same
or similar entities, discounted cash flow analysis and comparison with the earnings multiples of listed companies. While the valuation of unquoted equity instruments is subjective by nature, the relevant methodologies are commonly applied by other
market participants and have been consistently applied over time.

Observability:
 Inputs are considered observable if there is
active trading in a liquid market of products with significant sensitivity to the inputs.

Unobservable inputs include earnings
estimates, multiples of comparative companies, marketability discounts and discount rates.


Level
 3
sensitivity:
 Private equity valuation models are each sensitive to a number of key assumptions, such as projected future earnings, comparator multiples, marketability discounts and discount rates. Valuation sensitivity is generally estimated by
shifting assumptions to reasonable alternative levels.

Assets and liabilities held for sale


Description:
 Assets and liabilities held for sale consist of disposal groups Barclays intend to sell.


Valuation:
 Assets and liabilities held for sale are valued at the lower of carrying value and fair value less costs to sell.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 The disposal groups that are measured at fair value less cost to sell are valued at the agreed price
less costs to sell and are not expected to display significant sensitivity. The sensitivity of the assets and liabilities measured at carrying value is explained within the relevant product descriptions.


246 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued

Other

Description:
 Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset
backed loans, physical commodities and investment property.

Assets and liabilities reclassified between Level 1 and Level 2


During the period, there were no material transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 (period ended December 2017: £3,807m
government bonds assets and £1,023m/£(950)m of commodity derivative assets and liabilities transferred from Level 1 to Level 2).

Level 3 movement analysis

The following table summarises the movements in the Level 3 balances during
the period. Transfers have been reflected as if they had taken place at the beginning of the year.

Assets and liabilities included in
disposal groups classified as held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are not included as these are measured at fair value on a
non-recurring
 basis.


Asset and liability transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 are primarily due to 1) an increase or decrease in observable market activity
related to an input or 2) a change in the significance of the unobservable input, with assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 if an unobservable input is deemed significant.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 247


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities
As at   Total gains and losses in the period recognised in the income statement   Total gains or losses recog-   Transfers   As at 31
1 January 2018 a £m   Purchases £m   Sales £m   Issues £m   Settle- ments £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   nised in OCI £m   In £m   Out £m   December 2018 £m
Government and government sponsored debt   49   14   (49   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   14
Corporate debt   871   108   (88   )   –   (23   )   9   –   –   39   (528   )   388
Non-asset backed loans   166   5,514   (3,480   )   –   –   –   –   –   71   (8   )   2,263
Asset backed securities   627   205   (168   )   –   (2   )   (21   )   –   –   58   (35   )   664
Equity cash products   68   18   (9   )   –   –   (16   )   –   –   107   (32   )   136
Other   196   4   (6   )   –   (20   )   (32   )   –   –   145   (139   )   148
Trading portfolio assets   1,977   5,863   (3,800   )   –   (45   )   (60   )   –   –   420   (742   )   3,613
Non-asset backed loans   6,073   74   –   –   (508   )   49   –   –   –   –   5,688
Private equity investments   688   279   (114   )   –   –   2   117   –   125   (26   )   1,071
Equity cash products   398   87   (1   )   –   –   1   74   –   –   –   559
Other   360   6,624   (4,920   )   –   (47   )   29   18   –   –   –   2,064
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   7,519   7,064   (5,035   )   –   (555   )   81   209   –   125   (26   )   9,382
Equity cash products   36   –   (16   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   (18   )   2
Private equity investments   129   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (129   )   –
Other   40   –   –   –   –   –   –   (1   )   314   –   353
Fair value through other comprehensive income   205   –   (16   )   –   –   –   –   (1   )   314   (147   )   355
Investment property   116   9   (115   )   –   –   –   (1   )   –   –   –   9
Trading portfolio liabilities   (4   )   –   –   –   –   (3   )   –   –   –   4   (3   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   (250   )   –   –   –   5   –   (3   )   –   –   238   (10   )
Issued debt   (214   )   –   –   (4   )   9   33   –   –   (225   )   150   (251   )
Other   (16   )   –   –   –   4   –   (7   )   –   –   –   (19   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   (480   )   –   –   (4   )   18   33   (10   )   –   (225   )   388   (280   )
Interest rate derivatives   (150   )   1   (1   )   –   196   (25   )   –   –   (71   )   72   22
Foreign exchange derivatives   37   –   –   –   (9   )   5   –   –   (13   )   (13   )   7
Credit derivatives   1,146   (6   )   3   –   (12   )   (85   )   –   –   7   (3   )   1,050
Equity derivatives   (896   )   72   (570   )   –   125   73   1   –   128   460   (607   )
Commodity derivatives   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Net derivative financial instruments b   137   67   (568   )   –   300   (32   )   1   –   51   516   472
Total   9,470   13,003   (9,534   )   (4   )   (282   )   19   199   (1   )   685   (7   )   13,548

Notes


a   Balances as at 1 January 2018 include the IFRS 9 transition impact. Balances as at
31 December 2017 have been presented on an IAS 39 basis.


b   The derivative financial instruments are represented on a net basis. On a gross basis, derivative
financial assets are £5,215m (2017: £5,334m) and derivative financial liabilities are £4,743m (2017: £5,197m).


248 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities
As at   Total gains and losses in the period recognised in the income statement   Total gains or losses recog-   Transfers   As at 31
1 January 2017 £m   Purchases £m   Sales £m   Issues £m   Settle- ments £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   nised in OCI £m   In £m   Out £m   December 2017 £m
Government and government sponsored debt   3   46   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   49
Corporate debt   969   73   (47   )   –   (98   )   21   –   –   6   (53   )   871
Non-asset backed loans   151   435   (187   )   –   (221   )   (8   )   –   –   1   (5   )   166
Asset backed securities   515   195   (78   )   –   (9   )   9   –   –   –   (5   )   627
Equity cash products   77   24   (11   )   –   –   (19   )   –   –   –   (3   )   68
Other   350   2   (77   )   –   (97   )   25   (1   )   –   3   (9   )   196
Trading portfolio assets   2,065   775   (400   )   –   (425   )   28   (1   )   –   10   (75   )   1,977
Non-asset backed loans   8,616   –   –   –   (2,284   )   159   –   –   –   –   6,491
Asset backed loans   201   27   (25   )   –   (3   )   (17   )   (3   )   –   6   (31   )   155
Private equity investments   562   26   (127   )   –   (1   )   (1   )   29   –   21   (11   )   498
Equity cash products a   185   –   –   –   (1   )   (7   )   205   –   16   –   398
Other a   383   4,675   (4,646   )   –   (247   )   41   (8   )   –   16   (9   )   205
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   9,947   4,728   (4,798   )   –   (2,536   )   175   223   –   59   (51   )   7,747
Equity cash products   73   –   –   –   –   –   1   2   5   (45   )   36
Private equity investments   294   15   (78   )   –   –   –   (5   )   37   60   (4   )   319
Other   5   36   –   –   (2   )   –   –   1   –   –   40
Available for sale investments   372   51   (78   )   –   (2   )   –   (4   )   40   65   (49   )   395
Investment property   81   114   (69   )   –   –   –   (10   )   –   –   –   116
Trading portfolio liabilities   (7   )   (4   )   1   –   –   2   –   –   (1   )   5   (4   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   (319   )   –   69   –   –   –   9   –   (104   )   95   (250   )
Issued debt   (298   )   –   84   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (214   )
Other   (223   )   –   –   –   204   –   (6   )   –   –   9   (16   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   (840   )   –   153   –   204   –   3   –   (104   )   104   (480   )
Interest rate derivatives   899   58   (1   )   –   (208   )   (166   )   –   –   (11   )   (721   )   (150   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   81   –   –   –   (12   )   27   –   –   (13   )   (46   )   37
Credit derivatives   1,370   5   (2   )   –   (29   )   (128   )   –   –   (69   )   (1   )   1,146
Equity derivatives   (970   )   (220   )   (14   )   –   374   (43   )   –   –   (16   )   (7   )   (896   )
Commodity derivatives   (5   )   –   –   –   –   4   –   –   1   –   –
Net derivative financial instruments   1,375   (157   )   (17   )   –   125   (306   )   –   –   (108   )   (775   )   137
Assets and liabilities held for sale   574   –   (574   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Total   13,567   5,507   (5,782   )   –   (2,634   )   (101   )   211   40   (79   )   (841   )   9,888
Net assets held for sale measured at fair value on non-recurring basis   29
Total   13,567   5,507   (5,782   )   –   (2,634   )   (101   )   211   40   (79   )   (841   )   9,917

Note


a   Preference shares of £390m were reclassified from others to equity cash products


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 249


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of
financial instruments continued

Unrealised gains and losses on Level 3 financial assets and liabilities


The following table discloses the unrealised gains and losses recognised in the year arising on Level 3 financial assets and liabilities held
at year end.


Unrealised gains and losses recognised during the period on
Level 3 assets and liabilities held at year end
2018   2017
Income statement   Other   Income statement   Other
Trading income £m   Other income £m   compre- hensive income £m   Total £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   compre- hensive income £m   Total a £m
As at 31 December
Trading portfolio assets   (60   )   –   –   (60   )   (34   )   –   –   (34   )
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   68   206   –   274   147   200   –   347
Available for sale investments   –   –   –   –   –   (4   )   29   25
Fair value through other comprehensive income   –   –   (1   )   (1   )   –   –   –   –
Investment property   –   (1   )   –   (1   )   –   (10   )   –   (10   )
Trading portfolio liabilities   (3   )   –   –   (3   )   3   –   –   3
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   55   –   –   55   58   10   –   68
Net derivative financial instruments   (14   )   -   -   (14   )   (301   )   –   –   (301   )
Total   46   205   (1   )   250   (127   )   196   29   98
Sensitivity analysis of valuations using unobservable
inputs
2018   2017
Favourable changes   Unfavourable changes   Favourable changes   Unfavourable changes
Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m
As at 31 December
Interest rate derivatives   80   –   (162   )   –   114   –   (138   )   –
Foreign exchange derivatives   7   –   (10   )   –   6   –   (6   )   –
Credit derivatives   126   –   (73   )   –   106   –   (79   )   –
Equity derivatives   110   –   (112   )   –   99   –   (99   )   –
Commodity derivatives   1   –   (1   )   –   3   –   (3   )   –
Corporate debt   10   –   (2   )   –   4   –   (3   )   –
Non asset backed loans   274   –   (458   )   –   243   –   (468   )   –
Asset backed securities   –   –   -   –   1   –   -   –
Equity cash products   121   –   (155   )   –   12   24   (8   )   (24   )
Private equity investments   230   –   (241   )   –   133   13   (138   )   (13   )
Other a   2   –   (2   )   –   5   –   (5   )   –
Total   961   –   (1,216   )   –   726   37   (947   )   (37   )

Note


a   Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset backed loans,
physical commodities and investment property.

The effect of stressing unobservable inputs to a range of reasonably
possible alternatives, alongside considering the impact of using alternative models, would be to increase fair values by up to £961m (2017: £763m) or to decrease fair values by up to £1,216m (2017: £984m) with all the
potential effect impacting profit and loss.


250 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Significant unobservable inputs

The following table discloses the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities recognised at fair value and classified as Level 3 along with the range of values used for those significant
unobservable inputs:


Valuation technique(s) c   Significant unobservable inputs   2018 Range   2017 Range   Units a
Min   Max   Min   Max
Derivative financial instruments b
Interest rate derivatives   Discounted cash flows   Inflation forwards   1   2   1   3   %
Credit spread   6   897   45   1,320   bps
Yield   0.1   0.2   0.1   0.1   bps
Comparable pricing   Price   –   100   –   100   points
Option model   Inflation volatility   33   174   35   201   bps vol
IR – IR correlation   (26   )   100   (24   )   99   %
FX – IR correlation   (30   )   78   (30   )   24   %
Interest rate volatility   10   199   5   353   bps vol
Credit derivatives   Discounted cash flows   Credit spread   142   209   122   190   bps
Comparable pricing   Price   10   96   97   97   points
Equity derivatives   Option model   Equity volatility   2   81   3   92   %
Equity – equity correlation   (100   )   100   (100   )   100   %
Discounted cash flow   Discounted margin   (171   )   301   (105   )   301   bps
Non-derivative financial instruments
Non-asset backed loans   Discounted cash flows   Loan spread   30   531   30   596   bps
Credit spread   25   800   300   726   bps
Price   –   118   –   50   points
Comparable pricing   Price   –   100   –   100   points
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements   Discounted cash flows   Funding spread   (20   )   139   –   –   bps
Asset backed securities   Comparable pricing   Price   –   102   –   99   points
Private equity investments   EBITDA multiple   EBITDA multiple   7   8   8   13   Multiple
Discounted cash flows   EBITDA   –   153   –   129   £m
Discount margin   8   10   8   10   %
Other d   Discounted cash flows   Credit spread   143   575   152   299   bps

Notes


a   The units used to disclose ranges for significant unobservable inputs are percentages, points and
basis points. Points are a percentage of par; for example, 100 points equals 100% of par. A basis point equals 1/100th of 1%; for example, 150 basis points equals 1.5%.


b   Certain derivative instruments are classified as Level 3 due to a significant unobservable
credit spread input into the calculation of the Credit Valuation Adjustment for the instruments. The range of significant unobservable credit spreads is between 6-897bps (2017: 31-596bps).


c   A range has not been provided for Net Asset Value as there would be a wide range reflecting the
diverse nature of the positions


d   Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset backed loans,
physical commodities and investment property

The following section describes the significant unobservable inputs
identified in the table above, and the sensitivity of fair value measurement of the instruments categorised as Level 3 assets or liabilities to increases in significant unobservable inputs. Where sensitivities are described, the inverse
relationship will also generally apply.

Where reliable interrelationships can be identified between significant unobservable inputs used
in fair value measurement, a description of those interrelationships is included below.

Forwards


A price or rate that is applicable to a financial transaction that will take place in the future.


In general, a significant increase in a forward in isolation will result in a fair value increase for the contracted receiver of the underlying
(currency, bond, commodity, etc.), but the sensitivity is dependent on the specific terms of the instrument.

Credit spread


Credit spreads typically represent the difference in yield between an instrument and a benchmark security or reference rate. Credit
spreads reflect the additional yield that a market participant demands for taking on exposure to the credit risk of an instrument and form part of the yield used in a discounted cash flow calculation.


In general, a significant increase in credit spread in isolation will result in a movement in a fair value decrease for a cash asset.


For a derivative instrument, a significant increase in credit spread in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the
specific terms of the instrument.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 251


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Volatility

Volatility is a
measure of the variability or uncertainty in return for a given derivative underlying. It is an estimate of how much a particular underlying instrument input or index will change in value over time. In general, volatilities are implied from observed
option prices. For unobservable options the implied volatility may reflect additional assumptions about the nature of the underlying risk, and the strike/maturity profile of a specific contract.


In general a significant increase in volatility in isolation will result in a fair value increase for the holder of a simple option, but the
sensitivity is dependent on the specific terms of the instrument.

There may be interrelationships between unobservable volatilities and
other unobservable inputs (e.g. when equity prices fall, implied equity volatilities generally rise) but these are generally specific to individual markets and may vary over time.


Correlation

Correlation is a
measure of the relationship between the movements of two variables. Correlation can be a significant input into valuation of derivative contracts with more than one underlying instrument. Credit correlation generally refers to the correlation
between default processes for the separate names that make up the reference pool of a CDO structure.

A significant increase in
correlation in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the specific terms of the instrument.


Comparable price

Comparable
instrument prices are used in valuation by calculating an implied yield (or spread over a liquid benchmark) from the price of a comparable observable instrument, then adjusting that yield (or spread) to account for relevant differences such as
maturity or credit quality. Alternatively, a
price-to-price
 basis can be assumed between the comparable and unobservable instruments in order to establish a value.


In general, a significant increase in comparable price in isolation will result in an increase in the price of the unobservable
instrument. For derivatives, a change in the comparable price in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the specific terms of the instrument.


Loan spread

Loan spreads
typically represent the difference in yield between an instrument and a benchmark security or reference rate. Loan spreads typically reflect credit quality, the level of comparable assets such as gilts and other factors, and form part of the yield
used in a discounted cash flow calculation.

The ESHLA portfolio primarily consists of long-dated fixed rate loans extended to
counterparties in the UK Education, Social Housing and Local Authority sectors. The loans are categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to their illiquid nature and the significance of unobservable loan spreads to the valuation.
Valuation uncertainty arises from the long-dated nature of the portfolio, the lack of secondary market in the loans and the lack of observable loan spreads. The majority of ESHLA loans are to borrowers in heavily regulated sectors that are
considered extremely low credit risk, and have a history of zero defaults since inception. While the overall loan spread range is from 30bps to 531bps (2017: 30bps to 596bps), the vast majority of spreads are concentrated towards the bottom end of
this range, with 99% of the loan notional being valued with spreads less than 200bps consistently for both years.

In general, a
significant increase in loan spreads in isolation will result in a fair value decrease for a loan.

Loss given default


Loss given default represents the expected loss upon liquidation of the collateral as a percentage of the balance outstanding.


In general, a significant increase in the loss given default in isolation will translate to lower recovery and lower projected cash flows to pay to
the securitisation, resulting in a movement in fair value that is unfavourable for the holder of the securitised product.

EBITDA
multiple

EBITDA multiple is the ratio of the valuation of the investment to the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortisation.

In general, a significant increase in the multiple will result in a fair value increase for an investment.


Fair value adjustments

Key
balance sheet valuation adjustments are quantified below:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Exit price adjustments derived from market bid-offer spreads   (457   )   (391   )
Uncollateralised derivative funding   (47   )   (45   )
Derivative credit valuation adjustments   (125   )   (103   )
Derivative debit valuation adjustments   237   131

Exit price adjustments derived from market
bid-offer
 spreads


The Barclays Group uses
mid-market
 pricing where it is a market maker and has the ability to
transact at, or better than, mid price (which is the case for certain equity, bond and vanilla derivative markets). For other financial assets and liabilities,
bid-offer
 adjustments are recorded to reflect the
exit level for the expected close out strategy. The methodology for determining the
bid-offer
 adjustment for a derivative portfolio involves calculating the net risk exposure by offsetting long and short
positions by strike and term in accordance with the risk management and hedging strategy.


Bid-offer
 levels are generally derived from market quotes such as broker data. Less liquid instruments may
not have a directly observable
bid-offer
 level. In such instances, an exit price adjustment may be derived from an observable
bid-offer
 level for a comparable liquid
instrument, or determined by calibrating to derivative prices, or by scenario or historical analysis.

Exit price adjustments derived
from market
bid-offer
 spreads have increased by £66m to £457m as a result of movements in market bid offer spreads.


252 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Discounting approaches for derivative instruments

Collateralised

In line with market practice, the methodology for discounting collateralised derivatives takes
into account the nature and currency of the collateral that can be posted within the relevant credit support annex (CSA). The CSA aware discounting approach recognises the ‘cheapest to deliver’ option that reflects the ability of the party
posting collateral to change the currency of the collateral.

Uncollateralised


A fair value adjustment of £47m is applied to account for the impact of incorporating the cost of funding into the valuation of
uncollateralised and partially collateralised derivative portfolios and collateralised derivatives where the terms of the agreement do not allow the rehypothecation of collateral received. This adjustment is referred to as the Funding Fair Value
Adjustment (FFVA). FFVA has increased by £2m to £47m mainly as a result of change in Barclays funding spreads and trading activity.

FFVA is determined by calculating the net expected exposure at a counterparty level and applying a funding rate to the exposure that reflects the market cost of funding. Barclays’ internal Treasury rates are used as an input to
the calculation. The approach takes into account the probability of default of each counterparty, as well as any mandatory break clauses.


FFVA incorporates a scaling factor which is an estimate of the extent to which the cost of funding is incorporated into observed traded levels. On
calibrating the scaling factor, it is with the assumption that Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA) and Debit Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are retained as valuation components incorporated into such levels. The effect of incorporating this scaling
factor at 31 December 2018 was to reduce FFVA by £141m (2017: £138m).

The approach outlined above has been in use since
2012 with no significant changes.

Barclays continues to monitor market practices and activity to ensure the approach to uncollateralised
derivative valuation remains appropriate.

Derivative credit and debit valuation adjustments


CVA and DVA are incorporated into derivative valuations to reflect the impact on fair value of counterparty credit risk and Barclays’ own
credit quality respectively. These adjustments are calculated for uncollateralised and partially collateralised derivatives across all asset classes. CVA and DVA are calculated using estimates of exposure at default, probability of default and
recovery rates, at a counterparty level. Counterparties include (but are not limited to) corporates, sovereigns and sovereign agencies and supranationals.

Exposure at default is generally estimated through the simulation of underlying risk factors through approximating with a more vanilla structure, or by using current or scenario-based mark to market as an estimate of future
exposure.

Probability of default and recovery rate information is generally sourced from the CDS markets. Where this information is not
available, or considered unreliable, alternative approaches are taken based on mapping internal counterparty ratings onto historical or market-based default and recovery information. In particular, this applies to sovereign related names where the
effect of using the recovery assumptions implied in CDS levels would imply a £50m (2017: £50m) increase in CVA.

Correlation
between counterparty credit and underlying derivative risk factors, termed
‘wrong-way,’
 or
‘right-way’
 risk, is not systematically incorporated into
the CVA calculation but is adjusted where the underlying exposure is directly related to the counterparty.

CVA increased by £22m
to £125m, primarily due to widening of counterparty credit spreads, changes in
non-credit
 factors impacting CVA and trading activity. DVA increased by £106m to £237m, primarily as a result of
Barclays’ credit spreads widening.

Portfolio exemptions


The Barclays Group uses the portfolio exemption in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement to measure the fair value of groups of financial assets and
liabilities. Instruments are measured using the price that would be received to sell a net long position (i.e. an asset) for a particular risk exposure or to transfer a net short position (i.e. a liability) for a particular risk exposure in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date under current market conditions. Accordingly, the Barclays Group measures the fair value of the group of financial assets and liabilities consistently with how market
participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date.

Unrecognised gains as a result of the use of valuation models
using unobservable inputs

The amount that has yet to be recognised in income that relates to the difference between the transaction
price (the fair value at initial recognition) and the amount that would have arisen had valuation models using unobservable inputs been used on initial recognition, less amounts subsequently recognised, is £141m (2017: £109m) for
financial instruments measured at fair value and £262m (2017: £253m) for financial instruments carried at amortised cost. There are additions of £65m (2017: £34m), and amortisation and releases of £33m (2017:
£104m) for financial instruments measured at fair value and additions of £29m (2017: £119m) and amortisation and releases of £20m (2017: £22m) for financial instruments measured at amortised cost.


Third party credit enhancements

Structured and brokered certificates of deposit issued by Barclays are insured up to $250,000 per depositor by the Federal Deposit Insurance

Corporation (FDIC) in the US. The FDIC is funded by premiums that Barclays and other banks pay for deposit insurance coverage. The carrying value of these issued certificates of deposit that are designated under the IFRS 9 fair
value option includes this third party credit enhancement. The
on-balance
 sheet value of these brokered certificates of deposit amounted to £4,797m (2017: £4,070m).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 253


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Comparison of carrying amounts and fair values for assets and liabilities not held at fair value


The following table summarises the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost on the Barclays Group’s balance
sheet:


2018   2017
Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m
As at 31 December
Financial assets
Loans and advances at amortised cost
– Home loans   150,284   148,897   –   –   148,897   147,002   145,262   –   –   145,262
– Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   54,560   56,462   657   –   55,805   55,767   55,106   655   –   54,451
– Finance lease receivables a   1,886   2,057   2,854   2,964
– Corporate loans   119,676   117,848   3,942   68,955   44,951   123,532   121,666   8,986   63,930   48,750
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,308   2,308   –   2,308   –   12,546   12,546   –   12,546   –
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale b   –   –   –   –   –   1,164   1,195   –   –   1,195
Financial liabilities
Deposits at amortised cost
– Banks   (14,166   )   (14,166   )   (4,636   )   (9,530   )   –   (12,153   )   (12,159   )   (4,375   )   (7,784   )   –
– Current and demand accounts   (148,714   )   (148,714   )   (148,714   )   –   –   (145,950   )   (145,927   )   (145,927   )   –   –
– Savings accounts   (137,589   )   (137,589   )   (137,589   )   –   –   (134,339   )   (134,369   )   (134,369   )   –   –
– Other time deposits   (94,369   )   (94,388   )   (57,966   )   (30,576   )   (5,846   )   (106,259   )   (106,324   )   (62,750   )   (37,723   )   (5,851   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   (18,578   )   (18,578   )   –   (18,578   )   –   (40,338   )   (40,338   )   –   (40,338   )   –
Debt securities in issue   (82,286   )   (81,687   )   –   (78,315   )   (3,372   )   (73,314   )   (74,752   )   –   (72,431   )   (2,321   )
Subordinated liabilities   (20,559   )   (21,049   )   –   (21,049   )   –   (23,826   )   (25,084   )   –   (25,084   )   –

Notes


a   The fair value hierarchy for finance lease receivables is not required as part of the standard.


b   Disposal groups held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are included in the
fair value table.

The fair value is an estimate of the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As a wide range of valuation techniques are available, it may not be appropriate to directly compare this fair value information to independent
market sources or other financial institutions. Different valuation methodologies and assumptions can have a significant impact on fair values which are based on unobservable inputs.


Financial assets

The
carrying value of financial assets held at amortised cost is determined in accordance with the relevant accounting policy in Note 19.


Loans and advances at amortised cost

The fair value of loans and advances, for the purpose of this disclosure, is derived from discounting expected cash flows in a way that reflects the current market price for lending to issuers of similar credit quality. Where market
data or credit information on the underlying borrowers is unavailable, a number of proxy/extrapolation techniques are employed to determine the appropriate discount rates.


For retail lending, i.e. home loans and credit cards, tailored discounted cash flow models are predominantly used to estimate the fair value of
different product types. For example, for home loans different models are used to estimate fair values of tracker, offset and fixed rate mortgage products.

Key inputs to these models are the differentials between historic and current product margins and estimated prepayment rates.

The discount of fair value to carrying amount for home loans has reduced to 0.9% (2017: 1.2%)

The fair value of
corporate loans is calculated by the use of discounted cash flow techniques where the gross loan values are discounted at a rate of difference between contractual margins and hurdle rates or spreads where Barclays charges a margin over LIBOR
depending on credit quality and loss given default and years to maturity. The discount between the carrying and fair value remained constant at 1.5% (2017: 1.5%).


Reverse repurchase agreements


The fair value of reverse repurchase agreements approximates carrying amount as these balances are generally short dated and fully collateralised.


254 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


17 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Financial liabilities

The
carrying value of financial liabilities held at amortised cost is determined in accordance with the accounting policy in Note 1.


Deposits at amortised cost


In many cases, the fair value disclosed approximates carrying value because the instruments are short term in nature or have interest rates that
reprice frequently, such as customer accounts and other deposits and short-term debt securities.

The fair value for deposits with
longer-term maturities, mainly time deposits, are estimated using discounted cash flows applying either market rates or current rates for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Consequently, the fair value discount is minimal.


Debt securities in issue


Fair values of other debt securities in issue are based on quoted prices where available, or where the instruments are short dated, carrying amount
approximates fair value.

Repurchase agreements


The fair value of repurchase agreements approximates carrying amounts as these balances are generally short dated.


Subordinated liabilities


Fair values for dated and undated convertible and
non-convertible
 loan capital are based on quoted market
rates for the issuer concerned or issuers with similar terms and conditions.

18 Offsetting financial assets and financial
liabilities

In accordance with IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation, the Barclays Group reports financial assets and financial
liabilities on a net basis on the balance sheet only if there is a legally enforceable right to
set-off
 the recognised amounts and there is intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
settle the liability simultaneously. The following table shows the impact of netting arrangements on:


◾   all financial assets and liabilities that are reported net on the balance sheet


◾   all derivative financial instruments and reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements and other
similar secured lending and borrowing agreements that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements, but do not qualify for balance sheet netting.


The table identifies the amounts that have been offset in the balance sheet and also those amounts that are covered by enforceable netting
arrangements (offsetting arrangements and financial collateral) but do not qualify for netting under the requirements of IAS 32 described above.

The ‘Net amounts’ presented on the next page are not intended to represent the Barclays Group’s actual exposure to credit risk, as a variety of credit mitigation strategies are employed in addition to netting and
collateral arrangements.


Amounts
subject to enforceable netting arrangements   Amounts not subject to
Effects of offsetting on-balance
sheet   Related amounts not offset
Gross amounts £m   Amounts offset a £m   Net amounts reported on the balance sheet £m   Financial instruments £m   Financial collateral b £m   Net amount £m   enforceable netting arrange- ments c £m   Balance sheet total d £m
As at 31 December 2018
Derivative financial assets   239,180   (18,687   )   220,493   (172,001   )   (36,904   )   11,588   2,045   222,538
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending e   354,409   (235,772   )   118,637   –   (118,195   )   442   2,712   121,349
Total assets   593,589   (254,459   )   339,130   (172,001   )   (155,099   )   12,030   4,757   343,887
Derivative financial liabilities   (233,543   )   18,229   (215,314   )   172,001   32,959   (10,354   )   (4,329   )   (219,643   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing e   (375,976   )   235,772   (140,204   )   –   140,165   (39   )   (16,858   )   (157,062   )
Total liabilities   (609,519   )   254,001   (355,518   )   172,001   173,124   (10,393   )   (21,187   )   (376,705   )
As at 31 December 2017
Derivative financial assets   256,881   (21,638   )   235,243   (184,265   )   (39,262   )   11,716   2,426   237,669
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured
lending   326,340   (223,495   )   102,845   –   (102,380   )   465   9,741   112,586
Total assets   583,221   (245,133   )   338,088   (184,265   )   (141,642   )   12,181   12,167   350,255
Derivative financial liabilities   (253,030   )   21,065   (231,965   )   184,265   36,444   (11,256   )   (6,380   )   (238,345   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing e   (374,616   )   223,495   (151,121   )   –   151,073   (48   )   (15,908   )   (167,029   )
Total liabilities   (627,646   )   244,560   (383,086   )   184,265   187,517   (11,304   )   (22,288   )   (405,374   )

Notes


a   Amounts offset for Derivative financial assets include cash collateral netted of £2,187m
(2017: £2,393m). Amounts offset for Derivative financial liabilities include cash collateral netted of £2,645m (2017: £1,820m). Settlements assets and liabilities have been offset amounting to £23,095m (2017: £13,241m).
No other significant recognised financial assets and liabilities were offset in the balance sheet. Therefore, the only balance sheet categories necessary for inclusion in the table are those shown above.


b   Financial collateral of £36,904m (2017: £39,262m) was received in respect of
derivative assets, including £31,402m (2017: £33,092m) of cash collateral and £5,502m (2017: £6,170m) of non–cash collateral. Financial collateral of £32,959m (2017: £36,444m) was placed in respect of
derivative liabilities, including £29,842m (2017: £32,575m) of cash collateral and £3,117m (2017: £3,869m) of non-cash collateral. The collateral amounts are limited to net balance
sheet exposure so as to not include over-collateralisation.


c   This column includes contractual rights of set-off that
are subject to uncertainty under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.


d   The balance sheet total is the sum of ‘Net amounts reported on the balance sheet’ that
are subject to enforceable netting arrangements and ‘Amounts not subject to enforceable netting arrangements’.


e   Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase agreements include instruments at amortised cost and instruments
designated at fair value through profit and loss. Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending of £121,349m (2017: £112,586m) is split by fair value £119,041m (2017: £100,040m) and amortised cost
£2,308m (2017: £12,546m). Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing of £157,062m (2017: £167,029m) is split by fair value £138,484m (2017: £126,691m) and amortised cost £18,578m (2017:
£40,338m).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 255


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
continued


Derivative assets and liabilities

The ‘Financial instruments’ column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to
set-off
 under netting agreements, such as the ISDA Master Agreement or derivative
exchange or clearing counterparty agreements, whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and
close-out
 netting applied across all outstanding transactions covered by the
agreements if an event of default or other predetermined events occur.

Financial collateral refers to cash and
non-cash
 collateral obtained, typically daily or weekly, to cover the net exposure between counterparties by enabling the collateral to be realised in an event of default or if other predetermined events occur.


Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending and borrowing


The ‘Amounts offset’ column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to

set-off
 under netting agreements, such as Global Master Repurchase Agreements and Global Master Securities Lending Agreements, whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and
close-out
 netting applied across all outstanding transactions covered by the agreements if an event of default or other predetermined events occur.


Financial collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities which are legally transferred and can be liquidated in the event of counterparty
default.

These offsetting and collateral arrangements and other credit risk mitigation strategies used by Barclays Group are further
explained in the Credit risk mitigation section on page 92.


256 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Financial instruments held at amortised cost


The notes included in this
section focus on assets that are held at amortised cost arising from the Barclays Group’s retail and wholesale lending including loans and advances and deposits at amortised cost and finance leases. Details regarding the Barclays Group’s
liquidity and capital position can be found on pages 135 to 161.

19 Loans and advances and deposits at amortised cost


Accounting for loans and
advances and deposits held at amortised cost under IFRS 9 effective from 1 January 2018

Loans
and advances to customers and banks, customer accounts, debt securities and most financial liabilities, are held at amortised cost. That is, the initial fair value (which is normally the amount advanced or borrowed) is adjusted for repayments and
the amortisation of coupon, fees and expenses to represent the effective interest rate of the asset or liability. Balances deferred on-balance sheet as effective interest rate adjustments are amortised to interest income over the life of the
financial instrument to which they relate.

Financial assets that are held in a business model to
collect the contractual cash flows and that contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI, are measured at amortised cost. The carrying value of these financial assets at initial recognition includes any
directly attributable transaction costs. Refer to Note 1 for details on ‘solely payments of principal and interest’.


In determining whether the business model is a ‘hold to collect’ model, the objective of the business
model must be to hold the financial asset to collect contractual cash flows rather than holding the financial asset for trading or short-term profit taking purposes. While the objective of the business model must be to hold the financial asset to
collect contractual cash flows this does not mean Barclays Group is required to hold the financial assets until maturity. When determining if the business model objective is to collect contractual cash flows Barclays Group will consider past sales
and expectations about future sales.

Accounting for loans and advances and deposits held at
amortised cost under IAS 39 for 2017 and 2016

Loans and advances to customers and banks, customer
accounts, debt securities and most financial liabilities, are held at amortised cost. That is, the initial fair value (which is normally the amount advanced or borrowed) is adjusted for repayments and the amortisation of coupon, fees and expenses to
represent the effective interest rate of the asset or liability. Balances deferred
on-balance
 sheet as effective interest rate adjustments are amortised to interest income over the life of the financial
instrument to which they relate.

In accordance with IAS 39, where the Barclays
Group no longer intends to trade in financial assets it may transfer them out of the held for trading classification and measure them at amortised cost if they meet the definition of a loan. The initial value used for the purposes of establishing
amortised cost is fair value on the date of the transfer.


Loans and advances at amortised cost
As at 31 December   2018   2017
Loans to banks £m   Loans
to customers £m   Total £m   Loans to banks £m   Loans
to customers £m   Total £m
Gross loans and advances at amortised cost excluding debt securities at amortised cost   10,576   316,861   327,437   10,633   316,696   327,329
Less: allowance for impairment   (1   )   (6,764   )   (6,765   )   –   (4,652   )   (4,652   )
Loans and advances at amortised cost excluding debt securities at amortised cost   10,575   310,097   320,672   10,633   312,044   322,677
Gross debt securities at amortised cost   –   5,739   5,739   –   1,371   1,371
Less: allowance for impairment   –   (5   )   (5   )   –   –   –
Debt securities at amortised cost   –   5,734   5,734   –   1,371   1,371
Total gross loans and advances at amortised cost   10,576   322,600   333,176   10,633   318,067   328,700
Less: allowance for impairment   (1   )   (6,769   )   (6,770   )   –   (4,652   )   (4,652   )
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   10,575   315,831   326,406   10,633   313,415   324,048
Deposits at amortised cost
As at 31 December   2018   2017
Deposits from banks £m   Deposits from customers £m   Total £m   Deposits from banks £m   Deposits from customers £m   Total £m
Deposits at amortised cost   14,166   380,672   394,838   12,153   386,548   398,701


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 257


Notes to the financial statements


Financial instruments held at amortised cost


20 Finance leases


Accounting for finance
leases

The Barclays Group applies IAS 17
Leases
 in accounting for finance leases, both where
it is the lessor or the lessee. A finance lease is a lease which confers substantially all the risks and rewards of the leased assets on the lessee. Where the Barclays Group is the lessor, the leased asset is not held on the balance sheet; instead a
finance lease receivable is recognised representing the minimum lease payments receivable under the terms of the lease, discounted at the rate of interest implicit in the lease. Where the Barclays Group is the lessee, the leased asset is recognised
in property, plant and equipment and a finance lease liability is recognised, representing the minimum lease payments payable under the lease, discounted at the rate of interest implicit in the lease.


Interest income or expense is recognised in interest receivable or payable, allocated to
accounting periods to reflect a constant periodic rate of return.

Finance lease receivables


Finance lease receivables are included within loans and advances at amortised cost. The Barclays Group specialises in the provision of leasing and
other asset finance facilities across a broad range of asset types to business customers.


2018   2017
Gross investment in finance lease receivables £m   Future finance income £m   Present value of minimum lease payments receivable £m   Un- guaranteed residual values £m   Gross investment in finance lease receivables £m   Future finance income £m   Present value of minimum lease payments receivable £m   Un- guaranteed residual values £m
Not more than one year   1,333   (110   )   1,223   86   1,130   (91   )   1,039   69
Over one year but not more than five years   2,012   (171   )   1,841   148   1,750   (135   )   1,615   156
Over five years   381   (44   )   337   22   284   (32   )   252   21
Total   3,726   (325   )   3,401   256   3,164   (258   )   2,906   246

The impairment allowance for uncollectable finance lease receivables amounted to £87m (2017: £57m).


Finance lease liabilities

The Barclays Group leases items of property, plant and equipment on terms that meet the definition of finance leases. Finance lease liabilities are included within Note 24.


As at 31 December 2018, the total future minimum payments under finance leases were £22m (2017: £20m). The carrying amount of
assets held under finance leases was £19m (2017: £9m).


258 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


The notes included in this section focus on
the Barclays Group’s
non-current
 tangible and intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, which provide long-term future economic benefits.


21 Property, plant and equipment


Accounting for property, plant and equipment


The Barclays Group applies IAS 16
Property Plant and Equipment
 and IAS 40
Investment Properties.


Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, which includes direct and incremental acquisition costs less
accumulated depreciation and provisions for impairment, if required. Subsequent costs are capitalised if these result in enhancement of the asset.


Depreciation is provided on the depreciable amount of items of property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful economic lives. Depreciation rates, methods and the residual values underlying the calculation of depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment are kept under review to take account of any change in circumstances. The
Barclays Group uses the following annual rates in calculating depreciation:


Annual rates in calculating depreciation   Depreciation rate
Freehold land   Not depreciated
Freehold buildings and long-leasehold property (more than 50 years to run)   2-3.3%
Leasehold property over the remaining life of the lease (less than 50 years to run)   Over the remaining life of the lease
Costs of adaptation of freehold and leasehold property   6-10%
Equipment installed in freehold and leasehold property   6-10%
Computers and similar equipment   17-33%
Fixtures and fittings and other equipment   9-20%

Costs of adaptation and installed equipment are depreciated over the shorter of the life of the
lease or the depreciation rates noted in the table above.

Investment property


The Barclays Group initially recognises investment property at cost, and subsequently at fair value at each
balance sheet date, reflecting market conditions at the reporting date. Gains and losses on remeasurement are included in the income statement.


Investment property £m   Property £m   Equipment £m   Leased assets £m   Total £m
Cost
As at 1 January 2018   116   3,493   2,748   9   6,366
Additions   9   217   262   –   488
Disposals   (115   )   (83   )   (99   )   –   (297   )
Change in fair value of investment properties   (3   )   –   –   –   (3   )
Exchange and other movements   2   57   45   –   104
As at 31 December 2018   9   3,684   2,956   9   6,658
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
As at 1 January 2018   –   (1,668   )   (2,117   )   (9   )   (3,794   )
Depreciation charge   –   (166   )   (252   )   –   (418   )
Impairment   –   (3   )   –   –   (3   )
Disposals   –   73   79   –   152
Exchange and other movements   –   (28   )   (32   )   –   (60   )
As at 31 December 2018   –   (1,792   )   (2,322   )   (9   )   (4,123   )
Net book value   9   1,892   634   –   2,535
Cost
As at 1 January 2017   81   3,429   3,840   10   7,360
Additions   114   220   299   –   633
Disposals   (69   )   (18   )   (1,082   )   (1   )   (1,170   )
Change in fair value of investment properties   (5   )   –   –   –   (5   )
Exchange and other movements   (5   )   (138   )   (309   )   –   (452   )
As at 31 December 2017   116   3,493   2,748   9   6,366
Accumulated depreciation and impairment   –
As at 1 January 2017   –   (1,483   )   (3,043   )   (9   )   (4,535   )
Depreciation charge   –   (171   )   (275   )   –   (446   )
Impairment   –   (28   )   –   –   (28   )
Disposals   –   –   972   –   972
Exchange and other movements   –   14   229   –   243
As at 31 December 2017   –   (1,668   )   (2,117   )   (9   )   (3,794   )
Net book value   116   1,825   631   –   2,572


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 259


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


21 Property, plant and equipment
continued


Property rentals of £nil (2017: £2m) and £19m (2017: £8m) have been included in net investment income and other income respectively.


The fair value of investment property is determined by reference to current market prices for similar properties, adjusted as necessary for
condition and location, or by reference to recent transactions updated to reflect current economic conditions. Discounted cash flow techniques may be employed to calculate fair value where there have been no recent transactions, using current
external market inputs such as market rents and interest rates. Valuations are carried out by management with the support of appropriately qualified independent valuers. Refer to Note 17 for further details.


22 Goodwill and intangible assets


Accounting for goodwill and intangible assets


Goodwill

The carrying value of goodwill is determined in accordance with IFRS 3
Business Combinations
and IAS 36
Impairment of Assets.


Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the
fair value of the Barclays Group’s share of the assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed on the date of the acquisition.


Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently when there are indications that impairment may have occurred. The
test involves comparing the carrying value of goodwill with the present value of the
pre-tax
 cash flows, discounted at a rate of interest that reflects the inherent risks, of the cash generating unit (CGU) to
which the goodwill relates, or the CGU’s fair value if this is higher.

Intangible assets


Intangible assets other than goodwill are accounted for in accordance with IAS 38
Intangible Assets.


Intangible assets are initially recognised when they are separable or arise from contractual or other legal rights, the cost can be
measured reliably and, in the case of intangible assets not acquired in a business combination, where it is probable that future economic benefits attributable to the assets will flow from their use.


Intangible assets are stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in a business combination, the acquisition date fair
value) less accumulated amortisation and provisions for impairment, if any, and are amortised over their useful lives in a manner that reflects the pattern to which they contribute to future cash flows, generally using the amortisation periods set
out below:


Annual rates in calculating amortisation   Amortisation period
Goodwill   Not amortised
Internally generated software a   12 months to 6 years
Other software   12 months to 6 years
Customer lists   12 months to 25 years
Licences and other   12 months to 25 years

Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when there are indications that impairment may have
occurred.

Note


a   Exceptions to the above rate relate to useful lives of certain core banking platforms that are
assessed individually and, if appropriate, amortised over longer periods ranging from 10 to 15 years.


260 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


22 Goodwill and intangible assets
continued


Goodwill £m   Internally generated software £m   Other software £m   Customer lists £m   Licences and other £m   Total £m
2018
Cost
As at 1 January 2018   4,759   5,501   427   1,547   519   12,753
Additions and disposals   –   280   (34   )   –   12   258
Exchange and other movements   9   54   (4   )   83   27   169
As at 31 December 2018   4,768   5,835   389   1,630   558   13,180
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
As at 1 January 2018   (860   )   (2,195   )   (313   )   (1,209   )   (327   )   (4,904   )
Disposals   –   530   101   –   13   644
Amortisation charge   –   (669   )   (50   )   (81   )   (34   )   (834   )
Impairment charge   –   (6   )   –   –   –   (6   )
Exchange and other movements   (1   )   (22   )   8   (69   )   (23   )   (107   )
As at 31 December 2018   (861   )   (2,362   )   (254   )   (1,359   )   (371   )   (5,207   )
Net book value   3,907   3,473   135   271   187   7,973
2017
Cost
As at 1 January 2017   4,847   4,927   204   1,708   551   12,237
Additions and disposals   –   662   16   (15   )   13   676
Exchange and other movements   (88   )   (88   )   207   (146   )   (45   )   (160   )
As at 31 December 2017   4,759   5,501   427   1,547   519   12,753
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
As at 1 January 2017   (930   )   (1,864   )   (143   )   (1,231   )   (343   )   (4,511   )
Disposals   –   207   10   15   24   256
Amortisation charge   –   (546   )   (32   )   (101   )   (36   )   (715   )
Impairment charge   –   (52   )   –   –   –   (52   )
Exchange and other movements   70   60   (148   )   108   28   118
As at 31 December 2017   (860   )   (2,195   )   (313   )   (1,209   )   (327   )   (4,904   )
Net book value   3,899   3,306   114   338   192   7,849


Goodwill

Goodwill is
allocated to business operations according to business segments as follows:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Barclays UK   3,526   3,526
Barclays International   334   325
Head Office   47   48
Total net book value of goodwill   3,907   3,899

Goodwill

Testing goodwill for impairment involves a significant amount of judgement. This includes the identification of independent CGUs and the allocation of goodwill to these units based on which units are expected to benefit from the
acquisition. The allocation is reviewed following business reorganisations. Cash flow projections necessarily take into account changes in the market in which a business operates including the level of growth, competitive activity, and the impacts
of regulatory change. Determining both the expected
pre-tax
 cash flows and the risk adjusted interest rate appropriate to the operating unit requires the exercise of judgement. The estimation of
pre-tax
 cash flows is sensitive to the periods for which detailed forecasts are available and to assumptions regarding long-term sustainable cash flows.


Other intangible assets


Determining the estimated useful lives of intangible assets (such as those arising from contractual relationships) requires an analysis of
circumstances. The assessment of whether an asset is exhibiting indicators of impairment as well as the calculation of impairment, which requires the estimate of future cash flows and fair values less costs to sell, also requires the preparation of
cash flow forecasts and fair values for assets that may not be regularly bought and sold.

Impairment testing of goodwill


During 2018, the Barclays Group recognised an impairment charge of £nil (2017: £nil).


Key assumptions

The key
assumptions used for impairment testing are set out below for each significant goodwill balance. Other goodwill of £560m (2017: £769m) was allocated to multiple CGUs which are not considered individually significant.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 261


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


22 Goodwill and intangible assets
continued


Barclays UK

Goodwill within
Personal Banking was £2,718m (2017: £2,718m) of which £2,501m (2017: £2,501m) was attributable to Woolwich and within Business Banking was £629m (2017: £629m), fully attributable to Woolwich. The carrying value of
the CGUs have been determined by using net asset values. The recoverable amounts of the CGUs, calculated as value in use, have been determined using cash flow predictions based on financial budgets approved by management, covering a five-year
period, with a terminal growth rate of 1.8% (2017: 2.0%) applied thereafter. The forecasted cash flows have been discounted at a
pre-tax
 rate of 13.7% (2017: 13.9%). Based on these assumptions, the total
recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount including goodwill by £7,762m (2017: £5,262m). A one percentage point change in the discount rate or terminal growth rate would increase or decrease the recoverable amount by £1,501m
(2017: £1,128m) and £980m (2017: £734m) respectively. A reduction in the forecasted cash flows of 10% per annum would reduce the recoverable amount by £1,828m (2017: £1,409m).


23 Operating leases


Accounting for operating leases


The Barclays Group applies IAS 17
Leases,
 for operating leases. An operating lease is a lease where
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the leased assets remain with the lessor. Where the Barclays Group is the lessor, lease income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease unless another systematic basis is more
appropriate. The Barclays Group holds the leased assets
on-balance
 sheet within property, plant and equipment.


Where the Barclays Group is the lessee, rentals payable are recognised as an expense in the income statement on
a straight-line basis over the lease term unless another systematic basis is more appropriate.

Operating lease commitments


The Barclays Group leases various offices, branches and other premises under
non-cancellable

operating lease arrangements. With such operating lease arrangements, the asset is kept on the lessor’s balance sheet and the Barclays Group reports the future minimum lease payments as an expense over the lease term. The leases have various
terms, escalation and renewal rights. There are no contingent rents payable.

Operating lease rentals of £329m (2017: £342m)
have been included in administration and general expenses.

The future minimum lease payments by the Barclays Group under
non-cancellable
 operating leases are as follows:


2018   2017
Property £m   Equipment £m   Property £m   Equipment £m
Not more than one year   302   –   332   2
Over one year but not more than five years   786   –   844   21
Over five years   1,257   –   1,337   –
Total   2,345   –   2,513   23

Total future minimum sublease payments to be received under
non-cancellable

subleases was £28m (2017: £53m).


262 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


The notes included in this section focus on
the Barclays Group’s accruals, provisions and contingent liabilities. Provisions are recognised for present obligations arising as consequences of past events where it is probable that a transfer of economic benefit will be necessary to settle
the obligation, and it can be reliably estimated. Contingent liabilities reflect potential liabilities that are not recognised on the balance sheet.

24 Other liabilities


2018 £m   2017 £m
Accruals and deferred income   3,877   3,951
Other creditors   3,522   4,563
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   277   446
Obligations under finance leases (refer to Note 20)   22   20
Insurance contract liabilities, including unit-linked
liabilities   18   31
Other liabilities   7,716   9,011

25 Provisions


Accounting for provisions


The Barclays Group applies IAS 37
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
 in accounting for
non-financial
 liabilities.

Provisions are recognised for present obligations arising
as consequences of past events where it is more likely than not that a transfer of economic benefit will be necessary to settle the obligation, which can be reliably estimated. Provision is made for the anticipated cost of restructuring, including
redundancy costs when an obligation exists; for example, when the Barclays Group has a detailed formal plan for restructuring a business and has raised valid expectations in those affected by the restructuring by announcing its main features or
starting to implement the plan. Provision is made for undrawn loan commitments if it is probable that the facility will be drawn and result in the recognition of an asset at an amount less than the amount advanced.


Critical accounting estimates and judgements


The financial reporting of provisions involves a significant degree of judgement and is complex. Identifying whether a present
obligation exists and estimating the probability, timing, nature and quantum of the outflows that may arise from past events requires judgements to be made based on the specific facts and circumstances relating to individual events and often
requires specialist professional advice. When matters are at an early stage, accounting judgements and estimates can be difficult because of the high degree of uncertainty involved. Management continues to monitor matters as they develop to
re-evaluate
 on an ongoing basis whether provisions should be recognised, however there can remain a wide range of possible outcomes and uncertainties, particularly in relation to legal, competition and regulatory
matters, and as a result it is often not practicable to make meaningful estimates even when matters are at a more advanced stage.


The complexity of such matters often requires the input of specialist professional advice in making assessments
to produce estimates. Customer redress and legal, competition and regulatory matters are areas where a higher degree of professional judgement is required. The amount that is recognised as a provision can also be very sensitive to the assumptions
made in calculating it. This gives rise to a large range of potential outcomes which require judgement in determining an appropriate provision level. See below for information on payment protection redress and Note 27 for more detail of legal,
competition and regulatory matters.


Onerous contracts £m   Redundancy and restructuring £m   Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees a £m   Customer redress   Legal, competition and regulatory matters £m   Sundry provisions £m   Total £m
Payment Protection Insurance £m   Other customer redress £m
As at 1 January 2018   225   159   420   1,606   639   435   400   3,884
Additions   74   170   463   400   182   1,716   89   3,094
Amounts utilised   (135   )   (102   )   (11   )   (1,118   )   (328   )   (1,680   )   (86   )   (3,460   )
Unused amounts reversed   (26   )   (56   )   (588   )   –   (48   )   (98   )   (42   )   (858   )
Exchange and other movements   1   (2   )   (13   )   –   (1   )   41   (34   )   (8   )
As at 31 December 2018   139   169   271   888   444   414   327   2,652

Note


a   Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees provisions are accounted for under IFRS
9.

Provisions expected to be recovered or settled within no more than 12 months after 31 December 2018 were
£2,144m (2017: £2,394m).

Onerous contracts


Onerous contract provisions comprise an estimate of the costs involved with fulfilling the terms and conditions of contracts net of any expected
benefits to be received.

Redundancy and restructuring


These provisions comprise the estimated cost of restructuring, including redundancy costs where an obligation exists. Additions made during the year
relate to formal restructuring plans and have either been utilised, or reversed, where total costs are now expected to be lower than the original provision amount.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 263


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


25 Provisions
continued


Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees

Impairment allowance under IFRS 9 considers both the
drawn and the undrawn counterparty exposure. For retail portfolios, the total impairment allowance is allocated to the drawn exposure to the extent that the allowance does not exceed the exposure as ECL is not reported separately. Any excess is
reported on the liability side of the balance sheet as a provision. For wholesale portfolios, the impairment allowance on the undrawn exposure is reported on the liability side of the balance sheet as a provision. Provisions are made if it is
probable that a facility will be drawn and the resulting asset is expected to have a realisable value that is less than the amount advanced.

Customer redress

Customer redress provisions comprise the estimated cost of making redress payments to
customers, clients and counterparties for losses or damages associated with inappropriate judgement in the execution of Barclays Group’s business activities. Provisions for other customer redress include smaller provisions across the retail and
corporate businesses which are likely to be utilised in the next 12 months.

Legal, competition and regulatory matters


The Barclays Group is engaged in various legal proceedings, both in the UK and a number of other overseas jurisdictions, including
the US. For further information in relation to legal proceedings and discussion of the associated uncertainties, refer to Note 27.


Sundry provisions

This
category includes provisions that do not fit into any of the other categories, such as fraud losses and dilapidation provisions.


Payment Protection Insurance Redress

As at 31 December 2018, Barclays Group had recognised cumulative provisions totalling £9.6bn (2017: £9.2bn), of which £0.4bn was recognised in Q1 2018, against the cost of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI)
redress and associated processing costs. Utilisation of the cumulative provisions to date is £8.7bn (2017: £7.6bn), leaving a residual provision of £0.9bn (2017: £1.6bn).


Through to 31 December 2018, 2.4m (2017: 2.1m) customer initiated claims
a
 had been
received and processed.

The current provision reflects the estimated costs of PPI redress primarily relating to customer initiated
complaints and ongoing remediation programmes, based on information at year end. This also includes liabilities managed by third parties arising from portfolios previously sold where Barclays Group remains liable.


As at 31 December 2018, the provision of £0.9bn represents Barclays Group’s best estimate of expected PPI redress reflecting the
complaints deadline implemented by the FCA of 29 August 2019. However, it is possible the eventual outcome may differ from the current estimate. Barclays Group will continue to review the adequacy of provision level in respect of the future
impacts.

The PPI provision is calculated using a number of key assumptions which continue to involve significant modelling and
management judgement:


◾   Customer initiated claim volumes – claims received but not yet processed plus an estimate of
future claims initiated by customers, where the volume is anticipated to cease after the PPI deadline.


◾   Average claim redress – the expected average payment to customers for upheld claims based on the
type and age of the policy/policies.


◾   Processing cost per claim – the cost to Barclays Group of assessing and processing each valid
claim.

These assumptions remain subjective, mainly due to the uncertainty associated with future claims levels, which
include complaints driven by claims management company (CMC) activity and the FCA advertising campaign.

The following table outlines key
forecast assumptions used in the provision calculation as at 31 December 2018 and a sensitivity analysis illustrating the impact on the provision if the future expected assumptions prove too high or too low.


Assumption   Cumulative actual to 31.12.18   Future expected   Sensitivity analysis increase/ decrease
in provision
Customer initiated claims received and processed (thousands) a   2,400   290   50k=£117m
Average uphold rate per claim (%) b   89   91   1%=£6m
Average redress per valid claim (£) c   2,136   2,233   £100=£26m

Notes


a   Total mis-selling claims received directly by Barclays
Group, including those received via CMCs but excluding those for which no PPI policy exists and excluding responses to proactive mailing. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated to show the impact a 50,000 increase or decrease in the number of
customer initiated mis-selling policy claims would have on the provision level inclusive of operational processing costs.


b   Average uphold rate per customer initiated mis-selling claim received directly by Barclays Group and proactive mailings, excluding those for which no PPI policy exists. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated to show the impact a 1% change in the average uphold rate per claim would have on the
provision level.


c   Average redress stated on a per policy basis for future customer initiated mis-selling complaints received directly by Barclays Group. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated to show the impact a £100 increase or decrease in the average redress per claim would have on the
provision level.


264 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


26 Contingent liabilities and commitments


Accounting for contingent liabilities


Contingent liabilities are possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by uncertain future
events, and present obligations where the transfer of economic resources is uncertain or cannot be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed unless the likelihood of an outflow of economic
resources is remote.

The following table summarises the nominal principal amount of contingent liabilities and commitments which
are not recorded
on-balance
 sheet:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   15,805   14,275
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,498   4,737
Total contingent liabilities   20,303   19,012
Of which: Financial guarantees carried at fair value   4
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   1,741   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments a   322,482   314,761
Total commitments   324,223   315,573
Of which: Loan commitments carried at fair value   11,723

Provisions held against contingent liabilities and commitments equal £271m. Post IFRS 9, loan commitments
carried at fair value amounted to £18.9bn as at 1 January 2018.

The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (the FSCS) is the
UK’s government-backed compensation scheme for customers of authorised institutions that are unable to pay claims. The compensation paid out to customers is funded through loan facilities provided by HM Treasury to the FSCS which at
31 December 2018 has been completely repaid and has nil balance (2017: £4.7bn).

Further details on contingent liabilities
relating to legal and competition and regulatory matters can be found in Note 27.

27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters


Members of the Barclays Group face legal, competition and regulatory challenges, many of which are beyond our control. The extent of
the impact on Barclays of these matters cannot always be predicted but may materially impact our operations, financial results, condition and prospects. Matters arising from a set of similar circumstances can give rise to either a contingent
liability or a provision, or both, depending on the relevant facts and circumstances. The recognition of provisions in relation to such matters involves critical accounting estimates and judgement in accordance with the relevant accounting policies
as described in Note 25, Provisions. We have not disclosed an estimate of the potential financial effect on Barclays of contingent liabilities where it is not currently practicable to do so.


In connection with the implementation of structural reform in the UK, on 1 April 2018, the UK banking business was transferred from Barclays
Bank PLC to Barclays Bank UK PLC, a separate subsidiary of Barclays PLC. Although the matters described below are relevant to Barclays PLC either on an individual or on a consolidated basis, certain matters may relate to either or both of Barclays
Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC. Matters are ordered under headings corresponding to the financial statements in which they are disclosed.

1. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC

Investigations into certain advisory services agreements and other
matters and civil action

The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO), the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the US Department of Justice
(DoJ) and the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have been conducting investigations into two advisory services agreements entered into by Barclays Bank PLC. These agreements were entered into with Qatar Holding LLC (Qatar Holding) in June
and October 2008 (the Agreements). The FCA commenced an investigation into whether the Agreements may have related to Barclays PLC’s capital raisings in June and November 2008 (the Capital Raisings). The existence of the June 2008 advisory
services agreement was disclosed, but the entry into the advisory services agreement in October 2008 and the fees payable under the Agreements, which amounted to a total of £322m payable over a period of five years, were not disclosed in the
announcements or public documents relating to the Capital Raisings. The SFO also commenced an investigation into the Agreements and into a $3bn loan (the Loan) provided by Barclays Bank PLC in November 2008 to the State of Qatar.


SFO Proceedings

In 2017, the
SFO charged Barclays PLC with two offences of conspiring with certain former senior officers and employees of Barclays to commit fraud by false representations relating to the Agreements and one offence of unlawful financial assistance in relation
to the Loan. In February 2018, the SFO also charged Barclays Bank PLC with the same offence in respect of the Loan. In May 2018, the Crown Court dismissed all charges against Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, and in October 2018, the High Court
denied the SFO’s application to reinstate the charges, which were consequently dismissed.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 265


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities

and legal proceedings


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


FCA Proceedings and other investigations


In 2013, the FCA issued warning notices (the Notices) finding that, while Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC believed at the time of the execution
of the Agreements that there should be at least some unspecified and undetermined value to be derived from them, the primary purpose of the Agreements was not to obtain advisory services but to make additional payments, which would not be disclosed,
for the Qatari participation in the Capital Raisings. The Notices concluded that Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC were in breach of certain disclosure-related listing rules and Barclays PLC was also in breach of Listing Principle 3 (the
requirement to act with integrity towards holders and potential holders of the Company’s shares). In this regard, the FCA considers that Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC acted recklessly. The financial penalty provided in the Notices against
Barclays is £50m. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC continue to contest the findings. The FCA action has been stayed due to the SFO proceedings pending against certain former Barclays executives, trial in respect of which commenced in January
2019.

In addition, the DoJ and the SEC have been conducting investigations relating to the Agreements.


Civil Action

In 2016, PCP
Capital Partners LLP and PCP International Finance Limited (PCP) served a claim on Barclays Bank PLC seeking damages for fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit, arising from alleged statements made by Barclays Bank PLC to PCP in relation to the
terms on which securities were to be issued to potential investors, allegedly including PCP, in the November 2008 capital raising. PCP seeks damages of up to £1,477m (plus interest from November 2017) and costs. Barclays Bank PLC is defending
the claim and trial is scheduled to commence in October 2019.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have
upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period. The financial penalty provided in the FCA’s Notices against Barclays is £50m. PCP has made a claim against Barclays Bank PLC for damages of
up to £1,477m plus interest and costs. These amounts do not necessarily reflect Barclays’ potential financial exposure in respect of these matters.


Investigations into certain business relationships


In 2012, the DoJ and SEC commenced investigations in relation to whether certain relationships with third parties who assist Barclays PLC to win or
retain business are compliant with the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Various regulators in other jurisdictions are also being briefed on the investigations. Separately, Barclays is cooperating with the DoJ and SEC in relation to an investigation
into certain of its hiring practices in Asia and elsewhere and is keeping certain regulators in other jurisdictions informed.

Claimed
amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on
Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Investigations relating to whistle-blowing systems and controls


In 2017, the FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) commenced investigations into the Barclays Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO),
relating to his attempt in 2016 to identify the author of a letter that was treated by Barclays Bank PLC as a whistle-blow, and into Barclays Bank PLC, as to its responsibilities relating to the attempt by the CEO to identify the author of the
letter, as well as Barclays’ systems and controls and culture relating to whistle-blowing.

In May 2018, the FCA and PRA published
final notices confirming their finding that the CEO’s actions in relation to this matter represented a breach of Individual Conduct Rule 2 (requirement to act with due skill, care and diligence). There were no findings by the FCA or PRA that
the CEO acted with a lack of integrity nor any findings that he lacked fitness and propriety to continue to perform his role as Group Chief Executive Officer.


In respect of its investigation relating to Barclays Bank PLC, the FCA and PRA concluded that they would not take enforcement action in respect of
this matter. However, each of Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC agreed to be subject to requirements to report to the FCA and PRA on certain aspects of their whistle-blowing programmes.


The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York also conducted their own investigations in respect of
this matter. In December 2018, the NYDFS issued a consent order that imposed a $15m civil penalty on Barclays Bank PLC, which has been paid, for failings in its whistle-blowing programme as well as certain remediation and reporting obligations
related to its whistle-blowing programme. All regulatory investigations relating to these events are now concluded.

Claimed
amounts/Financial impact

Aside from the settlement discussed above, there is no financial impact on Barclays’ operating
results, cash flows or financial position.

Investigations into LIBOR and other benchmarks


Regulators and law enforcement agencies, including certain competition authorities, from a number of governments have been conducting investigations
relating to Barclays Bank PLC’s involvement in manipulating certain financial benchmarks, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR. In 2012, Barclays Bank PLC announced that it had reached settlements with the Financial Services Authority (FSA) (as
predecessor to the FCA), the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the DoJ in relation to their investigations concerning certain benchmark interest rate submissions, and Barclays Bank PLC paid total penalties of £290m. The
settlement with the DoJ was made by entry into a
Non-Prosecution
 Agreement (NPA) which has now expired. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI) have reached settlements with certain
other regulators and law enforcement agencies. Barclays Bank PLC continues to respond to requests for information from the SFO in relation to its ongoing LIBOR investigation, including in respect of Barclays Bank PLC.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

Aside from the settlements discussed above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating
results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

LIBOR and other benchmark civil actions


Following settlement of the investigations referred to above in ‘Investigations into LIBOR and other benchmarks’, various individuals and
corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against Barclays and other banks in relation to LIBOR and/or other benchmarks. While certain cases have been dismissed, settled or settled subject to final approval from
the relevant court (and in the case of class actions, the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims), other actions remain pending and their ultimate impact is unclear.


266 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


USD LIBOR Cases in the Multidistrict Litigation Court


The majority of the USD LIBOR cases, which have been filed in various US jurisdictions, have been consolidated for

pre-trial
 purposes before a single judge in the US District Court in the Southern District of New York (SDNY).

The complaints are substantially similar and allege, amongst other things, that Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other financial institutions individually and collectively violated provisions of the US Sherman Antitrust Act
(Antitrust Act), the US Commodity Exchange Act (CEA), the US Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and various state laws by manipulating USD LIBOR rates.


Certain of the proposed class actions have been settled. Barclays has settled claims purportedly brought on behalf of plaintiffs that
(i) engaged in USD LIBOR-linked
over-the-counter
 transactions (OTC Class); (ii) purchased USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments on an exchange;
(iii) purchased USD LIBOR-linked debt securities; or (iv) issued loans linked to USD LIBOR (Lender Class) and paid $120m, $20m, $7.1m and $4m respectively. The settlements with the OTC Class and the Lender Class have received
final court approval. The other settlements remain subject to final court approval and/or the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims.


The remaining putative class actions and individual actions seek unspecified damages with the exception of five lawsuits, in which the plaintiffs
are seeking a combined total in excess of $1.25bn in actual damages against all defendants, including Barclays Bank PLC, plus punitive damages. Some of the lawsuits also seek trebling of damages under the Antitrust Act and RICO.


EURIBOR Case in the SDNY

In
2015, $94m was paid in settlement of a EURIBOR-related class action. The court granted final approval of Barclays’ settlement in May 2018.

Additional USD LIBOR Cases in the SDNY

In 2015, an individual action against Barclays Bank PLC and other panel
bank defendants was dismissed by the SDNY. The plaintiff alleged that the panel bank defendants conspired to increase USD LIBOR, which caused the value of bonds pledged as collateral for a loan to decrease, ultimately resulting in the sale of the
bonds at a low point in the market. In March 2018, the court denied the plaintiff’s motion for leave to amend its complaint and dismissed the case. The plaintiff’s appeal of the court’s order is pending.


In January 2019, two putative class actions were filed in the SDNY against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI, other financial institution
defendants and Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (ICE) and certain of its affiliates, asserting antitrust and unjust enrichment claims on allegations that, beginning in 2014, defendants manipulated USD LIBOR through defendants’ submissions to ICE,
which took over rate-setting duties for LIBOR from the British Bankers’ Association in 2014. These two actions were consolidated in February 2019.

Sterling LIBOR Case in SDNY

In 2015, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC and
other Sterling LIBOR panel banks by a plaintiff involved in exchange-traded and
over-the-counter
 derivatives that were linked to Sterling LIBOR. The complaint alleges,
among other things, that the defendants manipulated the Sterling LIBOR rate between 2005 and 2010 and, in so doing, committed CEA, Antitrust Act, and RICO violations. In 2016, this class action was consolidated with an additional putative class
action making similar allegations against Barclays Bank PLC and BCI and other Sterling LIBOR panel banks. The defendants’ motion to dismiss was granted in December 2018. The plaintiff has asked the court to reconsider this decision.


Japanese Yen LIBOR Cases in SDNY

In 2012, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC and other Japanese Yen LIBOR panel banks by a plaintiff involved in exchange-traded derivatives. The complaint also names members of the Japanese
Bankers Association’s Euroyen Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (Euroyen TIBOR) panel, of which Barclays Bank PLC is not a member. The complaint alleges, amongst other things, manipulation of the Euroyen TIBOR and Yen LIBOR rates and breaches of the
CEA and Antitrust Act between 2006 and 2010. In 2014, the court dismissed the plaintiff’s antitrust claims in full, but the plaintiff’s CEA claims remain pending. Discovery is ongoing.


In 2017, a second putative class action concerning Yen LIBOR which was filed in the SDNY against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI was
dismissed in full. The complaint makes similar allegations to the 2012 class action. The plaintiffs have appealed the dismissal.


SIBOR/SOR Case in the SDNY


In 2016, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other defendants, alleging manipulation of
the Singapore Interbank Offered Rate (SIBOR) and Singapore Swap Offer Rate (SOR). The plaintiffs amended their complaint in 2017 following dismissal by the court of the claims against Barclays for failure to state a claim. In October 2018, the court
dismissed all claims against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI, a decision that the plaintiffs are challenging.

Non-US
 Benchmarks Cases

In addition to the US actions described above, legal proceedings have been
brought or threatened against Barclays in connection with alleged manipulation of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other benchmarks in the UK, including the matter referred to below in ‘Local authority civil actions concerning LIBOR’ that is also
related to Barclays Bank UK PLC, as well as in a number of other jurisdictions in Europe, Israel and Argentina. Additional proceedings in other jurisdictions may be brought in the future.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

Aside from the settlements discussed above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating
results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 267


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities

and legal proceedings


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Foreign Exchange Investigations

Various regulatory and enforcement authorities across multiple jurisdictions have been investigating a range of issues associated with Foreign Exchange sales and trading, including electronic trading.


In 2015 Barclays reached settlements with the CFTC, the DoJ, the NYDFS, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve) and
the FCA (together, the 2015 Resolving Authorities) in relation to investigations into certain sales and trading practices in the Foreign Exchange market. In connection with these settlements, Barclays paid total penalties of approximately $2.38bn
and agreed to undertake certain remedial actions.

Under the plea agreement with the DoJ, in addition to a criminal fine, Barclays PLC
agreed to a term of probation of three years during which Barclays PLC, including its subsidiaries, must, amongst other things, (i) commit no crime whatsoever in violation of the federal laws of the US, (ii) implement and continue to
implement a compliance program designed to prevent and detect the conduct that gave rise to the plea agreement, (iii) report credible evidence of criminal violations of US antitrust or fraud laws to the relevant US authority, and
(iv) strengthen its compliance and internal controls as required by relevant regulatory or enforcement agencies. In January 2017, the US District Court for the District of Connecticut accepted the plea agreement and in accordance with the
agreement sentenced Barclays PLC to pay $650m as a fine and $60m for violating the NPA (which amounts are part of the $2.38bn referred to above) and to serve three years of probation from the date of the sentencing order. Barclays also continues to
provide relevant information to certain of the 2015 Resolving Authorities.

The European Commission is one of a number of authorities
still conducting an investigation into certain trading practices in the Foreign Exchange market.

The DoJ has also conducted an
investigation into conduct relating to certain trading activities in connection with certain transactions during 2011 and 2012. Barclays has been providing information to the DoJ and other relevant authorities reviewing this conduct. In February
2018, the DoJ issued a letter closing its investigation of Barclays in exchange for, among other things, Barclays’ agreement to pay $12.9m in disgorgement and restitution, which can be offset by any settlement amount paid as civil restitution.
Barclays resolved a related civil dispute. The amount paid was not material to Barclays.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


Aside from the settlements discussed above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact
of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have on Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Civil actions in respect of Foreign Exchange

Following settlement of certain investigations referred to above in ‘Foreign Exchange Investigations’ a number of individuals and corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against
Barclays and other banks in relation to Foreign Exchange or may do so in the future. Certain of these cases have been dismissed, settled or settled subject to final approval from the relevant court (and in the case of class actions, the right of
class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims).

Consolidated FX Action


In 2014, a number of civil actions filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs alleging manipulation of Foreign Exchange markets
under the Antitrust Act and New York state law and naming several international banks as defendants, including Barclays Bank PLC, were combined into a single consolidated action (Consolidated FX Action). In 2015, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI settled
the Consolidated FX Action and paid $384m. The settlement received final court approval in August 2018.

FX Opt Out Action


In November 2018, a group of 16 plaintiffs (and several of their affiliates) who opted out of the Consolidated FX Action settlement
filed a complaint in the SDNY against the Consolidated FX Action defendants, including Barclays Bank PLC and BCI.

ERISA FX Action


Since 2015, several civil actions have been filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs purporting to allege
different legal theories of injury (other than those alleged in the Consolidated FX Action) related to alleged manipulation of Foreign Exchange rates, including claims under the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) statute (ERISA
Claims), and naming several international banks as defendants, including Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI. The Court dismissed the ERISA Claims. This dismissal was affirmed on appeal in 2018 and is not subject to further appeal.


Retail Basis Action

A
putative action was filed in the Northern District of California (and subsequently transferred to the SDNY) against several international banks, including Barclays PLC and BCI, on behalf of a putative class of individuals that exchanged currencies
on a retail basis at bank branches (Retail Basis Claims). The Court has ruled that the Retail Basis Claims are not covered by the settlement agreement in the Consolidated FX Action. The Court subsequently dismissed all Retail Basis Claims against
Barclays and all other defendants. The plaintiffs amended their complaint and sought to expand the action to include credit card, debit card and wire transactions, which expansion the Court denied.


State Law FX Action

In 2016,
a putative class action was filed in the SDNY under federal, New York and California law on behalf of proposed classes of stockholders of Exchange Traded Funds and others who supposedly were indirect investors in FX Instruments. The plaintiffs’
counsel subsequently amended the complaint to bring claims on behalf of a proposed class of investors under federal and various state laws who traded FX Instruments through FX dealers or brokers not alleged to have manipulated Foreign Exchange
Rates. A different group of plaintiffs subsequently filed another action and asserted substantively similar claims. These two actions were consolidated and a consolidated complaint was filed in 2017. The consolidated action was dismissed, but the
plaintiffs were permitted to file an amended complaint, except as to their federal claims, in November 2018.

Non-US
 FX Actions

In addition to the actions described above, legal proceedings have been brought
or are threatened against Barclays in connection with manipulation of Foreign Exchange in the UK, a number of other jurisdictions in Europe and Israel, and additional proceedings may be brought in the future.


268 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

Aside from the settlement described above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating
results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Metals investigations


Barclays Bank PLC has provided information to the DoJ, the CFTC and other authorities in connection with investigations into metals and metals-based
financial instruments.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have
upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Civil actions in respect of the
gold and silver fix

A number of civil complaints, each on behalf of a proposed class of plaintiffs, have been consolidated and
transferred to the SDNY. The complaints allege that Barclays Bank PLC and other members of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. manipulated the prices of gold and gold derivative contracts in violation of the CEA, the Antitrust Act, and state
antitrust and consumer protection laws.

Also, in the US, a proposed class of plaintiffs filed a complaint against a number of banks,
including Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and Barclays Capital Services Ltd., alleging manipulation of the price of silver in violation of the CEA and antitrust laws. The court has dismissed this action as against the Barclays entities.


Civil actions have also been filed in Canadian courts against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Canada Inc., BCI and Barclays
Capital PLC on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs alleging manipulation of gold and silver prices in violation of Canadian law.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period.

US residential and commercial mortgage-related activity and litigation


There have been various investigations and civil litigation relating to secondary market trading of US Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)
and US Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS).

DoJ Civil Action


In December 2016, the DoJ filed a civil complaint against Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays PLC, BCI, Barclays Group US Inc., Barclays US LLC, BCAP LLC,
Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC and Sutton Funding LLC, in the US District Court in the Eastern District of New York (EDNY) containing a number of allegations, including mail and wire fraud, relating to mortgage-backed securities sold
between 2005 and 2007. In March 2018, Barclays reached a settlement with the DoJ to resolve this complaint. Barclays paid a civil penalty of $2bn in connection with this settlement.


RMBS Repurchase Requests


Barclays was the sole provider of various loan-level representations and warranties (R&Ws) with respect to:


◾   approximately $5bn of Barclays sponsored securitisations


◾   approximately $0.2bn of sales of loans to government sponsored enterprises (GSEs), and


◾   approximately $3bn of loans sold to others.


In addition, an entity that Barclays acquired in 2007 (Acquired Subsidiary) provided R&Ws on $19.4bn of loans it sold to third parties.


R&Ws on the remaining Barclays sponsored securitisations were primarily provided by third-party originators directly to the
securitisation trusts with a Barclays subsidiary, such as the depositor for the securitisation, providing more limited R&Ws. There are no stated expiration provisions applicable to most R&Ws made by Barclays, the Acquired Subsidiary or these
third parties.

Under certain circumstances, Barclays and/or the Acquired Subsidiary may be required to repurchase the related loans or
make other payments related to such loans if the R&Ws are breached.

The unresolved repurchase requests received on or before
31 December 2018 associated with all R&Ws made by Barclays or the Acquired Subsidiary on loans sold to GSEs and others and private-label activities had an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $2.1bn at the time of such sale.


The unresolved repurchase requests discussed above relate to civil actions that have been commenced by the trustees for certain RMBS
securitisations in which the trustees allege that Barclays and/or the Acquired Subsidiary must repurchase loans that violated the operative R&Ws. Such trustees and other parties making repurchase requests have also alleged that the operative
R&Ws may have been violated with respect to a greater (but unspecified) amount of loans than the amount of loans previously stated in specific repurchase requests made by such trustees. This litigation is ongoing.


In May 2018, the Acquired Subsidiary agreed to a settlement of a civil action relating to claims for indemnification for losses allegedly suffered
by a loan purchaser as a result of alleged breaches of R&Ws provided by the Acquired Subsidiary in connection with loan sales to the purchaser during the period 1997 to 2007. The amount paid was not material to Barclays.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 269


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Alternative trading systems


In 2014, the New York State Attorney General (NYAG) filed a complaint (NYAG Complaint) against Barclays PLC and BCI in the Supreme Court of the
State of New York alleging, amongst other things, that Barclays PLC and BCI engaged in fraud and deceptive practices in connection with LX, Barclays’
SEC-registered
 alternative trading system (ATS). In
February 2016, Barclays reached separate settlement agreements with the SEC and the NYAG to resolve those agencies’ claims against Barclays PLC and BCI relating to the operation of LX and paid $35m to each.


Barclays PLC and BCI were named in a purported class action by an institutional financial services firm under California law based on allegations
similar to those in the NYAG Complaint. In October 2016, the federal court in California granted the motion of Barclays PLC and BCI to dismiss the entire complaint. In July 2018, the court of appeals affirmed the dismissal.


Following the filing of the NYAG Complaint, Barclays PLC and BCI were also named in a putative shareholder securities class action along with
certain current and former executives. The plaintiffs claim that holders of Barclays American Depository Receipts (ADRs) suffered damages when the ADRs declined in value as a result of the allegations in the NYAG Complaint. The parties have agreed
to a settlement of this action for $27m, which is subject to final court approval.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


Barclays does not expect the financial impact of the actions described to be material to Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial
position.

Treasury auction securities civil actions and related matters


Various civil actions have been filed against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other financial institutions alleging violations of antitrust and other
laws relating to the markets for US Treasury securities and Supranational, Sovereign and Agency securities. Certain governmental authorities are also conducting investigations relating to trading of certain government and agency securities in
various markets.

Numerous putative class action complaints have been filed in US Federal Court against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other
financial institutions that have served as primary dealers in US Treasury securities. Those actions have been consolidated and in 2017, plaintiffs in the putative class action filed a consolidated amended complaint in the US Federal Court in New
York against the defendants as well as certain corporations that operate electronic trading platforms on which US Treasury securities are traded. The complaint purports to assert claims under US federal antitrust laws and state common law based on
allegations that the defendants (i) conspired to manipulate the US Treasury securities market and/or (ii) conspired to prevent the creation of certain platforms by boycotting or threatening to boycott such trading platforms. The defendants
have filed a motion to dismiss.

In addition, certain plaintiffs have filed a related, direct action against BCI and certain other
financial institutions that have served as primary dealers in US Treasury securities. This complaint alleges that defendants conspired to fix and manipulate the US Treasury securities market in violation of US federal antitrust laws, the CEA and
state common law.

Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI, Barclays Services Limited, Barclays Capital Securities Limited and certain other
financial institutions have been named as defendants in a civil antitrust complaint that alleges that the defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and restrain competition in the market for US dollar-denominated Supranational, Sovereign and
Agency bonds (SSA Bonds) from 2009 through 2015. The defendants have moved to dismiss the action. In February 2019, indirect purchasers of SSA Bonds filed a separate but related complaint making similar allegations.


Certain governmental authorities are conducting investigations into activities relating to the trading of certain government and agency securities
in various markets and Barclays has been providing information to various authorities on an ongoing basis.

Claimed amounts/Financial
impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what
effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Mexican
Government Bond civil action

Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI, Barclays Capital Securities Limited, Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A.,
Grupo Financiero Barclays Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and Banco Barclays S.A., together with other financial institutions that allegedly transacted in Mexican government bonds (MGB), are named as defendants in a class action consolidated in the SDNY. The
plaintiffs assert antitrust and state law claims arising out of an alleged conspiracy to fix the prices of MGB from 2006 through
mid-2017.
 Defendants have moved to dismiss the consolidated action.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period.

American Depositary Shares


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC were named as defendants in a securities class action consolidated in the SDNY that alleged misstatements and
omissions in offering documents for certain American Depositary Shares issued by Barclays Bank PLC in April 2008 with an original face amount of approximately $2.5 billion (the April 2008 Offering). The plaintiffs asserted claims under the
Securities Act of 1933, alleging misstatements and omissions concerning (amongst other things) Barclays Bank PLC’s exposure to mortgage and credit market risk and its financial condition. In 2017, the SDNY granted the defendants’ motion
for summary judgment on all claims against them, a decision affirmed by the appellate court in November 2018.

Claimed
amounts/Financial impact

Absent the summary judgment decision being overturned on appeal, Barclays does not expect the financial
impact of the action described to be material to Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position.


270 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


BDC Finance L.L.C.

In 2008,
BDC Finance L.L.C. (BDC) filed a complaint in the NY Supreme Court alleging that Barclays Bank PLC had breached a contract in connection with a portfolio of total return swaps governed by an ISDA Master Agreement (collectively, the Agreement) when
it failed to transfer approximately $40m of alleged excess collateral in response to BDC’s 2008 demand (Demand).

BDC asserts that
under the Agreement Barclays Bank PLC was not entitled to dispute the Demand before transferring the alleged excess collateral and that even if the Agreement entitled Barclays Bank PLC to dispute the Demand before making the transfer, Barclays Bank
PLC failed to dispute the Demand. BDC demands damages totalling $298m plus attorneys’ fees, expenses, and
pre-judgement
 interest. Following a trial on certain liability issues, the court ruled in December
2018 that Barclays Bank PLC was not a defaulting party. In January 2019, BDC filed a notice of appeal of that decision.

In 2011,
BDC’s investment advisor, BDCM Fund Adviser, L.L.C. and its parent company, Black Diamond Capital Holdings, L.L.C. also sued Barclays Bank PLC and BCI in Connecticut State Court for unspecified damages allegedly resulting from Barclays Bank
PLC’s conduct relating to the Agreement, asserting claims for violation of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act and tortious interference with business and prospective business relations. The Connecticut case is currently stayed.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period. BDC has made claims against Barclays totalling $298m plus attorneys’ fees, expenses, and
pre-judgement
 interest. This amount does not necessarily reflect Barclays’ potential
financial exposure if a ruling were to be made against it.

Civil actions in respect of the US Anti-Terrorism Act


Civil complaints against Barclays Bank PLC and other banks allege engagement in a conspiracy and violation of the US Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA). These
include various civil complaints filed in the US Federal Courts in the EDNY and SDNY by separate groups of plaintiffs (aggregating over 4,000) alleging that Barclays Bank PLC and a number of other banks engaged in a conspiracy and violated the ATA
by facilitating US dollar denominated transactions for the Government of Iran and various Iranian banks, which in turn funded acts of terrorism that injured or killed the plaintiffs’ family members. The plaintiffs seek to recover for pain,
suffering and mental anguish pursuant to the provisions of the ATA, which allows for the tripling of any proven damages and attorneys’ fees. In respect of a motion by defendants to dismiss one of the complaints, in July 2018, a magistrate judge
(to whom the court referred the motion) issued a recommendation that the motion be denied; the defendants objected to that recommendation; and the motion is pending before the court.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period.

Interest rate swap and credit default swap US civil actions


Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and BCI, together with other financial institutions that act as market makers for interest rate swaps (IRS), Trade
Web, and ICAP, are named as defendants in several antitrust class actions which were consolidated in the SDNY in 2016. The complaints allege the defendants conspired to prevent the development of exchanges for IRS and demand unspecified money
damages, treble damages and legal fees. Plaintiffs include certain swap execution facilities, as well as
buy-side
 investors. The
buy-side
 investors claim to represent a
class that transacted in
fixed-for-floating
 IRS with defendants in the US from 2008 to the present, including, for example, US retirement and pension funds,
municipalities, university endowments, corporations, insurance companies and investment funds. The case is in discovery.

In 2017, a
separate suit was filed in the US District Court in the SDNY against the same financial institution defendants in the IRS cases, including Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and BCI, claiming that certain conduct alleged in the IRS cases also caused
plaintiff to suffer harm with respect to the Credit Default Swaps market. The defendants have moved to dismiss this action. Separately, in June 2018, trueEX LLC filed an antitrust class action in the SDNY against 11 financial institutions that act
as dealers in the IRS market, including Barclays Bank PLC and BCI, alleging that the defendants unlawfully conspired to block trueEX from successfully entering the market with its IRS trading platform. trueEX LLC also alleges that the defendants
more generally boycotted other anonymous,
all-to-all
 IRS trading platforms. In November 2018, the court dismissed certain claims for unjust enrichment and tortious
interference, but denied a motion to dismiss the federal and state antitrust claims which remain pending.

Claimed amounts/Financial
impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what
effect they might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Portuguese
Competition Authority investigation

The Portuguese Competition Authority is investigating whether competition law was infringed by
the exchange of information about retail credit products amongst 15 banks in Portugal, including Barclays, over a period of 11 years with particular reference to mortgages, consumer lending and lending to small and medium enterprises. Barclays is
cooperating with the investigation.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the matter described on Barclays or what effect it might have upon
Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 271


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


27 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


2. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC


Investigations relating to retail structured deposits and capital protected structured notes


In 2015, the FCA commenced an enforcement investigation relating to the design, manufacture and sale of structured deposits by Barclays from
November 2009. In January 2018, the FCA also commenced an enforcement investigation relating to the design, manufacture and sale of capital protected structured notes by Barclays from June 2008 to July 2014. The FCA has now closed these
investigations with no action to be taken against Barclays.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


There is no financial impact on Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position.


Investigation into collections and recoveries relating to unsecured lending


In February 2018, the FCA commenced an enforcement investigation in relation to whether or not Barclays implemented effective systems and controls
with respect to collections and recoveries and whether or not it paid due consideration to the interests of customers in default and arrears.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact
of the investigation on Barclays or what effect that it might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) assessments concerning UK Value Added Tax


In 2018, HMRC issued notices that have the effect of removing certain overseas subsidiaries that have operations in the UK from Barclays’ UK
VAT group, in which group supplies between members are generally free from VAT. The notices have retrospective effect and correspond to assessments of £181m (inclusive of interest), of which Barclays would expect to attribute an amount of
approximately £128m to Barclays Bank UK PLC and £53m to Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays has appealed HMRC’s decision to the First Tier Tribunal (Tax Chamber).


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

The total amount of the HMRC assessments is approximately £181m, inclusive of interest.

Local authority civil
actions concerning LIBOR

Following settlement by Barclays Bank PLC of various governmental investigations concerning certain
benchmark interest rate submissions referred to above in ‘Investigations into LIBOR and other benchmarks’, in the UK, certain local authorities have brought claims against Barclays asserting that they entered into loans in reliance on
misrepresentations made by Barclays in respect of its conduct in relation to LIBOR.

Claimed amounts/Financial impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on Barclays or what effect they
might have upon Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

3. Barclays PLC and
Barclays Bank UK PLC

CCUK Finance Limited and CIAC Corporation


In May 2017, Barclays was served with a civil claim by CCUK Finance Limited and CIAC Corporation issued in the English High Court alleging breach of
a contractual indemnity, fraudulent misrepresentation and breach of warranty arising out of the sale of a portfolio of credit cards in 2007. The parties have settled the claim.


Claimed amounts/Financial impact

The financial impact of the action described was not material to Barclays’ operating results, cash flows or financial position.

General

Barclays is engaged in various other legal, competition and regulatory matters in the UK, the US and a
number of other overseas jurisdictions. It is subject to legal proceedings brought by and against Barclays which arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time, including (but not limited to) disputes in relation to contracts,
securities, debt collection, consumer credit, fraud, trusts, client assets, competition, data management and protection, money laundering, financial crime, employment, environmental and other statutory and common law issues.


Barclays is also subject to enquiries and examinations, requests for information, audits, investigations and legal and other proceedings by
regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with (but not limited to) consumer protection measures, compliance with legislation and regulation, wholesale trading activity and other areas of banking and business activities in which
Barclays is or has been engaged. Barclays is cooperating with the relevant authorities and keeping all relevant agencies briefed as appropriate in relation to these matters and others described in this note on an ongoing basis.


At the present time, Barclays does not expect the ultimate resolution of any of these other matters to have a material adverse effect on its
financial position. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters and the matters specifically described in this note, there can be no assurance that the outcome of a particular matter or matters (including formerly active matters
or those matters arising after the date of this note) will not be material to Barclays’ results, operations or cash flow for a particular period, depending on, amongst other things, the amount of the loss resulting from the matter(s) and the
amount of profit otherwise reported for the reporting period.


272 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


The notes included in this section focus on the Barclays Group’s loan capital and
shareholders’ equity including issued share capital, retained earnings, other equity balances and interests of minority shareholders in our subsidiary entities
(non-controlling
 interests). For more
information on capital management and how the Barclays Group maintains sufficient capital to meet our regulatory requirements refer to page 95.

28 Subordinated liabilities


Accounting for subordinated liabilities


Subordinated liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
under IFRS 9.


2018 £m   2017 £m
Opening balance as at 1 January   23,826   23,383
Issuances   221   3,041
Redemptions   (3,246   )   (1,378   )
Other   (242   )   (1,220   )
Total subordinated liabilities   20,559   23,826

Redemptions totalling £3,246m include £500m Fixed/Floating Rate Subordinated Callable Notes,
€
1,750m 6% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (£1,532m), $1,000m 7.75% Contingent Capital Notes (£713m), $99m 7.7% Undated Subordinated Notes (£72m),
€
40m Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 2018 (£35m),
€
235m CMS Linked Subordinated Notes (£206m),
£140m 8.25% Undated Subordinated Notes and a number of small redemptions by Barclays Securities Japan Limited totalling £48m.


Other movements include £514m due to the appreciation of USD and JPY against GBP offset by the reclassification of subordinated liabilities to

non-controlling
 interests of £491m and accrued interest of £128m.

Subordinated
liabilities include accrued interest and comprise undated and dated subordinated liabilities as follows:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Undated subordinated liabilities   3,522   4,191
Dated subordinated liabilities   17,037   19,635
Total subordinated liabilities   20,559   23,826


None of the Barclays Group’s subordinated liabilities are secured.


Undated subordinated liabilities
Initial call date   2018 £m   2017 £m
Barclays Bank PLC issued
Tier One Notes (TONs)
6% Callable Perpetual Core Tier One Notes   2032   16   16
6.86% Callable Perpetual Core Tier One Notes (USD 179m)   2032   199   197
Reserve Capital Instruments (RCIs)
6.3688% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital
Instruments   2019   34   36
14% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital
Instruments   2019   3,189   3,142
5.3304% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital
Instruments   2036   51   52
Undated Notes
7.7% Undated Subordinated Notes (USD 99m)   2018   –   74
8.25% Undated Subordinated Notes   2018   –   144
7.125% Undated Subordinated Notes a   2020   –   182
6.125% Undated Subordinated Notes a   2027   –   43
Junior Undated Floating Rate Notes (USD 38m)   Any interest payment date   30   28
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 3 a   Any interest payment date   –   21
Bonds
9.25% Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (ex-Woolwich Plc) a   2021   –   87
9% Permanent Interest Bearing Capital Bonds a   At any time   –   45
Loans
5.03% Reverse Dual Currency Undated Subordinated Loan (JPY 8,000m) a   2028   –   51
5% Reverse Dual Currency Undated Subordinated Loan (JPY 12,000m) a   2028   –   73
Total undated subordinated liabilities   3,522   4,191

Note


a   Following a review, these instruments are deemed to have characteristics that would qualify them
as equity rather than subordinated liabilities. They have been subsequently reclassified in December 2018 resulting in a £491m movement.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 273


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


28 Subordinated liabilities
continued


Undated subordinated liabilities

Undated subordinated liabilities are issued by Barclays Bank PLC and its subsidiaries for the development and expansion of the business and to strengthen the capital bases. The principal terms of the undated subordinated liabilities
are described below:

Subordination

All undated subordinated liabilities rank behind the claims against the bank of depositors and other unsecured unsubordinated creditors and holders of dated subordinated liabilities in the following order: Junior Undated Floating
Rate Notes; other issues of Undated Notes, Bonds and Loans ranking pari passu with each other; followed by TONs and RCIs ranking pari passu with each other.

Interest

All undated subordinated liabilities bear a fixed rate of interest until the initial call date, with
the exception of the 9% Bonds which are fixed for the life of the issue, and the Junior and Series 3 Undated Notes which are floating rate at rates fixed periodically in advance based on the related interbank rate.


After the initial call date, in the event that they are not redeemed, the 7.125%, 6.125% Undated Notes and the 9.25% Bonds will bear interest at
rates fixed periodically in advance for five-year periods based on market rates. All other undated subordinated liabilities will bear interest at rates fixed periodically in advance based on London interbank rates.


Payment of interest

Barclays
Bank PLC is not obliged to make a payment of interest on its Undated Notes, Bonds and Loans excluding the 9.25% Bonds if, in the preceding six months, a dividend has not been declared or paid on any class of shares of Barclays PLC or, in certain
cases, any class of preference shares of Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC is not obliged to make a payment of interest on its 9.25% Perpetual Subordinated Bonds if, in the immediately preceding 12 month interest period, a dividend has not been
paid on any class of its share capital. Interest not so paid becomes payable in each case if such a dividend is subsequently paid or in certain other circumstances. During the year, Barclays Bank PLC declared and paid dividends on its ordinary
shares and on all classes of preference shares.

No payment of principal or any interest may be made unless Barclays Bank PLC satisfies a
specified solvency test.

Barclays Bank PLC may elect to defer any payment of interest on the RCIs. Any such deferred payment of interest
must be paid on the earlier of: (i) the date of redemption of the RCIs, (ii) the coupon payment date falling on or nearest to the tenth anniversary of the date of deferral of such payment, and (iii) in respect of the 14% RCIs only,
substitution. While such deferral is continuing, neither Barclays Bank PLC nor Barclays PLC may declare or pay a dividend, subject to certain exceptions, on any of its ordinary shares or preference shares.


Barclays Bank PLC may elect to defer any payment of interest on the TONs if it determines that it is, or such payment would result in it being, in
non-compliance
 with capital adequacy requirements and policies of the PRA. Any such deferred payment of interest will only be payable on a redemption of the TONs. Until such time as Barclays Bank PLC next makes a
payment of interest on the TONs, neither Barclays Bank PLC nor Barclays PLC may (i) declare or pay a dividend, subject to certain exceptions, on any of their respective ordinary shares or preference shares, or make payments of interest in
respect of Barclays Bank PLC’s Reserve Capital Instruments and (ii) certain restrictions on the redemption, purchase or reduction of their respective share capital and certain other securities also apply.


Repayment

All undated
subordinated liabilities are repayable at the option of Barclays Bank PLC, generally in whole, at the initial call date and on any subsequent coupon or interest payment date or in the case of the 7.125%, 6.125% Undated Notes and the 9.25% Bonds on
any fifth anniversary after the initial call date. In addition, each issue of undated subordinated liabilities is repayable, at the option of Barclays Bank PLC in whole for certain tax reasons, either at any time, or on an interest payment date.
There are no events of default except
non-payment
 of principal or mandatory interest. Any repayments require the prior approval of the PRA.


Other

All issues of undated
subordinated liabilities are
non-convertible.


274 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


28 Subordinated liabilities
continued


Dated subordinated liabilities
Initial call date   Maturity date   2018 £m   2017 £m
Barclays PLC issued
2.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (EUR 1,250m)   2020   2025   1,130   1,119
2% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (EUR 1,500m)   2023   2028   1,367   1,325
4.375% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 1,250m)   2024   982   947
3.75% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes (SGD 200m)   2025   2030   116   111
5.20% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 2,050m)   2026   1,509   1,439
4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (USD 2,000m)   2027   2028   1,523   1,471
Barclays Bank PLC issued
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 40m)   2018   –   36
6% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,750m)   2018   –   1,643
CMS-Linked Subordinated Notes (EUR 100m)   2018   –   93
CMS-Linked Subordinated Notes (EUR 135m)   2018   –   124
Fixed/Floating Rate Subordinated Callable Notes   2018   2023   –   533
7.75% Contingent Capital Notes (USD 1,000m)   2018   2023   –   747
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 50m)   2019   45   44
5.14% Lower Tier 2 Notes (USD 1,094m)   2020   851   841
6% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,500m)   2021   1,474   1,484
9.5% Subordinated Bonds (ex-Woolwich Plc)   2021   256   273
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 100m)   2021   89   88
10% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes   2021   2,194   2,261
10.179% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 1,521m)   2021   1,143   1,118
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 50m)   2022   45   44
6.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,000m)   2022   1,032   1,043
7.625% Contingent Capital Notes (USD 3,000m)   2022   2,272   2,163
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 50m)   2023   45   44
5.75% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes   2026   351   366
5.4% Reverse Dual Currency Subordinated Loan (JPY 15,000m)   2027   107   97
6.33% Subordinated Notes   2032   61   62
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 68m)   2040   61   60
External issuances by other subsidiaries   2019–2023   384   59
Total dated subordinated liabilities   17,037   19,635

Dated subordinated liabilities


Dated subordinated liabilities are issued by Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and respective subsidiaries for the development and expansion of their
business and to strengthen their respective capital bases. The principal terms of the dated subordinated liabilities are described below:


Subordination

Dated
subordinated liabilities issued by Barclays PLC ranks behind the claims against Barclays PLC of unsecured unsubordinated creditors but before the claims of the holders of its equity.


All dated subordinated liabilities externally issued by Barclays Bank PLC rank behind the claims against the bank of depositors and other unsecured
unsubordinated creditors but before the claims of the undated subordinated liabilities and the holders of its equity. The dated subordinated liabilities externally issued by other subsidiaries are similarly subordinated as the external subordinated
liabilities issued by Barclays Bank PLC.

Interest


Interest on the Floating Rate Notes is fixed periodically in advance, based on the related interbank or local central bank rates.


Interest on the 2.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes, 4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes, 2% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable
Notes and the 3.75% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes are fixed until the call date. After the respective call dates, in the event that they are not redeemed, the interest rates will be reset and fixed until maturity based on a market
rate.

Repayment


Those subordinated liabilities with a call date are repayable at the option of the issuer, on conditions governing the respective debt obligations,
some in whole or in part, and some only in whole. The remaining dated subordinated liabilities outstanding at 31 December 2018 are redeemable only on maturity, subject in particular cases to provisions allowing an early redemption in the event
of certain changes in tax law, or to certain changes in legislation or regulations.

Any repayments prior to maturity require, in the
case of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, the prior approval of the PRA, or in the case of the overseas issues, the approval of the local regulator for that jurisdiction and of the PRA in certain circumstances.


There are no committed facilities in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt beyond the date of maturity.


Other

The 7.625%
Contingent Capital Notes will be automatically transferred from investors to Barclays PLC (or another entity within the Barclays Group) for nil consideration in the event the Barclays PLC consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional
statement) falls below 7.0%.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 275


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


29 Ordinary shares, share premium, and other equity


Called up share capital, allotted and fully paid
Number of shares m   Ordinary share capital £m   Ordinary share premium £m   Total share capital and share premium £m   Other equity instruments £m
As at 1 January 2018   17,060   4,265   17,780   22,045   8,941
Issued to staff under share incentive plans   30   7   44   51   –
Issuances relating to Scrip Dividend Programme   43   11   77   88   –
AT1 securities issuance   –   –   –   –   1,925
AT1 securities redemption   –   –   –   –   (1,233   )
Capital reorganisation   –   –   (17,873   )   (17,873   )   –
Other movements   –   –   –   –   (1   )
As at 31 December 2018   17,133   4,283   28   4,311   9,632
As at 1 January 2017   16,963   4,241   17,601   21,842   6,449
Issued to staff under share incentive plans   46   12   74   86   –
Issuances relating to Scrip Dividend Programme   51   12   105   117   –
AT1 securities issuance   –   –   –   –   2,490
Other movements   –   –   –   –   2
As at 31 December 2017   17,060   4,265   17,780   22,045   8,941

Called up share capital


Called up share capital comprises 17,133m (2017: 17,060m) ordinary shares of 25p each.


Share repurchase

At the 2018
AGM on 1 May 2018, Barclays PLC was authorised to repurchase up to an aggregate of 1,706m of its ordinary shares of 25p. The authorisation is effective until the AGM in 2019 or the close of business on 30 June 2019, whichever is the
earlier. No share repurchases were made during either 2018 or 2017.

Capital reorganisation


On 11 September 2018, the High Court of Justice in England and Wales confirmed the cancellation of the share premium account of Barclays PLC,
with the balance of £17,873m credited to retained earnings.

Other equity instruments


Other equity instruments of £9,632m (2017: £8,941m) include AT1 securities issued by Barclays PLC. The AT1 securities are perpetual
securities with no fixed maturity and are structured to qualify as AT1 instruments under CRD IV.

In 2018, there was one issuance of
Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (2017: two issuances), with principal amount totalling $2.5bn (2017: £2.5bn). There was also one redemption in 2018 (2017: none), with principal amount totalling
$2.0bn.


AT1 equity instruments
Initial call date   2018 £m   2017 £m
AT1 equity instruments – Barclays PLC
8.25% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (USD 2,000m)   2018   –   1,233
7.0% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   2019   695   695
6.625% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (USD 1,211m)   2019   711   711
6.5% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (EUR 1,077m)   2019   856   856
8.0% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (EUR 1,000m)   2020   830   830
7.875% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   2022   995   995
7.875% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (USD 1,500m)   2022   1,131   1,131
7.25% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   2023   1,245   1,245
7.75% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (USD 2,500m)   2023   1,925   –
5.875% Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities   2024   1,244   1,245
Total AT1 equity instruments   9,632   8,941


276 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


29 Ordinary shares, share premium, and other equity
continued


The principal terms of the AT1 securities are described below:


◾   AT1 securities rank behind the claims against Barclays PLC of 1) unsubordinated creditors; 2) claims
which are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of unsubordinated creditors of Barclays PLC but not further or otherwise; or 3) claims which are, or are expressed to be, junior to the claims of other creditors of Barclays PLC, whether
subordinated or unsubordinated, other than claims which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the AT1 securities.


◾   AT1 securities bear a fixed rate of interest until the initial call date. After the initial call date,
in the event that they are not redeemed, the AT1 securities will bear interest at rates fixed periodically in advance for five-year periods based on market rates.


◾   Interest on the AT1 securities will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of Barclays PLC,
and Barclays PLC has sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any interest payment date.


◾   AT1 securities are undated and are redeemable, at the option of Barclays PLC, in whole but not in part
at the initial call date, or on any fifth anniversary after the initial call date. In addition, the AT1 securities are redeemable, at the option of Barclays PLC, in whole in the event of certain changes in the tax or regulatory treatment of the
securities. Any redemptions require the prior consent of the PRA.

All AT1 securities will be converted into ordinary
shares of Barclays PLC, at a
pre-determined
 price, should the fully loaded CET1 ratio of the Barclays Group fall below 7.0%.


30 Reserves

Currency
translation reserve

The currency translation reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on the retranslation of the Barclays
Group’s net investment in foreign operations, net of the effects of hedging.

Available for sale reserve


Following the adoption of IFRS 9, accumulated fair value changes of £228m previously recognised in the available for sale reserve are now
recorded in fair value through other comprehensive income.

Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve


The fair value through other comprehensive income reserve represents the changes in the fair value of fair value through other comprehensive income
investments since initial recognition.

Cash flow hedging reserve


The cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on effective cash flow hedging instruments that will be recycled to profit
or loss when the hedged transactions affect profit or loss.

Own credit reserve


The own credit reserve reflects the cumulative own credit gains and losses on financial liabilities at fair value. Amounts in the own credit reserve
are not recycled to profit or loss in future periods.

Other reserves and treasury shares


Other reserves relate to redeemed ordinary and preference shares issued by the Barclays Group.


Treasury shares relate to Barclays PLC shares held in relation to the Barclays Group’s various share schemes. These schemes are described in
Note 32. Treasury shares are deducted from shareholders’ equity within other reserves. A transfer is made to retained earnings in line with the vesting of treasury shares held for the purposes of share-based payments.


2018 £m   2017 £m
Currency translation reserve   3,888   3,054
Available for sale reserve   –   364
Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve   (258   )   –
Cash flow hedging reserve   660   1,161
Own credit reserve   (121   )   (179   )
Other reserves and treasury shares   984   983
Total   5,153   5,383


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 277


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


31
Non-controlling
 interests


Profit attributable
to non-controlling interest   Equity attributable
to non-controlling interest   Dividends paid
to non-controlling interest
2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Barclays Bank PLC issued:
– Preference shares   204   242   529   1,838   204   242
– Upper Tier 2 instruments   22   3   691   272   22   –
Barclays Africa Group Limited   –   140   –   –   –   173
Other non-controlling interests   –   4   3   1   –   –
Total   226   389   1,223   2,111   226   415

Barclays Bank PLC

Barclays PLC holds 100% of the voting rights of Barclays Bank PLC. As at 31 December 2018, Barclays Bank PLC has in issue preference shares and Upper Tier 2 instruments. In December 2018, Barclays Bank PLC redeemed its 8.125%
USD Preference Shares in full. Preference share dividends and redemption are typically at the discretion of Barclays Bank PLC. The payment of Upper Tier 2 instrument coupons and principal are typically at the discretion of Barclays Bank PLC, except
for coupon payments that become compulsory where Barclays PLC has declared or paid a dividend on ordinary shares in the preceding
six-month
 period. Preference share and Upper Tier 2 instrument holders
typically only have rights to redeem in the event of insolvency.

Following a review of subordinated liabilities issued by Barclays Bank
PLC, certain instruments have been deemed to have characteristics that would qualify them as equity and have subsequently been reclassified. These are accounted for as
non-controlling
 interests.


Instrument   2018 £m   2017 £m
Preference Shares:
6.278% non-cumulative callable preference shares   318   318
4.75% non-cumulative callable preference shares   211   211
8.125% non-cumulative callable preference shares   –   1,309
Total Barclays Bank PLC Preference Shares   529   1,838
Total   529   1,838
Upper Tier 2 Instruments:
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 1   93   93
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 2   179   179
5.03% Undated Reverse Dual Currency Subordinated Note (JPY8bn)   39   –
5.0% Reverse Dual Currency Subordinated (JPY12bn)   53   –
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 3 (£145m)   20   –
9% Permanent Interest Bearing Capital Bonds (£100m)   40   –
7.125% Undated Subordinated Notes (£525m)   158   –
6.125% Undated Subordinated Notes (£550m)   34   –
9.25% Perpetual Sub Notes (ex Woolwich) (£150m)   75   –
Total Upper Tier 2 Instruments   691   272

Protective rights of
non-controlling
 interests


Barclays Bank PLC

Barclays
Bank PLC also has in issue preference shares, which are
non-controlling
 interests to the Barclays Group. Under the terms of these instruments, Barclays PLC may not pay dividends on ordinary shares until a
dividend is next paid on these instruments or the instruments are redeemed or purchased by Barclays Bank PLC. There are no restrictions on Barclays Bank PLC’s ability to remit capital to the Parent as a result of these issued instruments.


278 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


The notes included in this section focus on
the costs and commitments associated with employing our staff.


32 Share-based payments


Accounting for share-based payments


The Barclays Group applies IFRS 2
Share-based Payments
 in accounting for employee remuneration in the form
of shares.

Employee incentives include awards in the form of shares and share options, as well as
offering employees the opportunity to purchase shares on favourable terms. The cost of the employee services received in respect of the shares or share options granted is recognised in the income statement over the period that employees provide
services. The overall cost of the award is calculated using the number of shares and options expected to vest and the fair value of the shares or options at the date of grant.


The number of shares and options expected to vest takes into account the likelihood that performance and service
conditions included in the terms of the awards will be met. Failure to meet the
non-vesting
 condition is treated as a cancellation, resulting in an acceleration of recognition of the cost of the employee
services.

The fair value of shares is the market price ruling on the grant date, in
some cases adjusted to reflect restrictions on transferability. The fair value of options granted is determined using option pricing models to estimate the numbers of shares likely to vest. These take into account the exercise price of the option,
the current share price, the risk-free interest rate, the expected volatility of the share price over the life of the option and other relevant factors. Market conditions that must be met in order for the award to vest are also reflected in the fair
value of the award, as are any other
non-vesting
 conditions – such as continuing to make payments into a share-based savings scheme.


The charge for the year arising from share-based payment schemes was as follows:


Charge for the year
2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Share Value Plan   45   153   473
Deferred Share Value Plan   217   166   –
Others   187   186   192
Total equity settled   449   505   665
Cash settled   1   3   1
Total share-based payments   450   508   666

The terms of the main current plans are as follows:


Share Value Plan (SVP)

The
SVP was introduced in March 2010 and approved by shareholders (for executive Director participation and use of new issue shares) at the AGM in April 2011. SVP awards are granted to participants in the form of a conditional right to receive Barclays
PLC shares or provisional allocations of Barclays PLC shares which vest or are considered for release over a period of three, five or seven years. Participants do not pay to receive an award or to receive a release of shares. The grantor may also
make a dividend equivalent payment to participants on release of a SVP award. SVP awards are also made to eligible employees for recruitment purposes. All awards are subject to potential forfeiture in certain leaver scenarios.


Deferred Share Value Plan (DSVP)

The DSVP was introduced in February 2017. The terms of the DSVP are materially the same as the terms of the SVP as described above, save that executive Directors are not eligible to participate in the DSVP and the DSVP operates over
market purchase shares only.

Other schemes


In addition to the SVP and DSVP, the Barclays Group operates a number of other schemes settled in Barclays PLC Shares including Sharesave (both UK
and Ireland), Sharepurchase (both UK and overseas), and the Barclays Group Long Term Incentive Plan. A delivery of upfront shares to ‘Material Risk Takers’ can be made as Share Incentive Award.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 279


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


32 Share-based payments
continued


Share option and award plans

The weighted average fair value per award granted, weighted average share price at
the date of exercise/release of shares during the year, weighted average contractual remaining life and number of options and awards outstanding (including those exercisable) at the balance sheet date are as follows:


2018   2017
Weighted average fair value
per award granted in year £   Weighted average share price at exercise/ release during
year £   Weighted average remaining contractual life years   Number of options/ awards outstanding (000s)   Weighted average fair value
per award granted in year £   Weighted average share price at exercise/ release during year £   Weighted average remaining contractual life years   Number of options/ awards outstanding (000s)
SVP a,b   1.90   2.11   <1   67,898   2.30   2.29   1   191,610
DSVP a,b   1.94   2.10   1   206,571   2.26   2.06   1   125,399
Others a   0.36-2.11   1.82-2.11   0-3   217,952   0.41-2.30   1.99-2.30   0-3   210,160
SVP and DSVP are nil cost awards on which the
performance conditions are substantially completed at the date of grant. Consequently, the fair value of these awards is based on the market value at that date. Movements in options and awards The movement in the number of options and awards for the major schemes and the weighted average exercise price of options was:
SVP a,b   DSVP a,b   Others a,c
Number (000s)   Number (000s)   Number (000s)   Weighted average ex. price (£)
2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017   2018   2017
Outstanding at beginning of year/acquisition date   191,610   406,016   125,399   –   210,160   205,129   1.41   1.38
Granted in the year   1,425   943   135,964   132,316   114,335   118,222   1.51   1.66
Exercised/released in the year   (119,688   )   (200,350   )   (43,402   )   (2,275   )   (78,771   )   (90,324   )   1.50   1.52
Less: forfeited in the year   (5,449   )   (14,999   )   (11,390   )   (4,642   )   (25,494   )   (17,733   )   1.54   1.42
Less: expired in the year   –   –   –   –   (2,278   )   (5,134   )   1.80   2.03
Outstanding at end of year   67,898   191,610   206,571   125,399   217,952   210,160   1.41   1.41
Of which exercisable:   –   18   –   –   23,556   24,569   1.96   1.59

Notes


a   Options/award granted over Barclays PLC shares.


b   Nil cost award and therefore the weighted average exercise price was nil.


c   The number of awards within Others at the end of the year principally relates to Sharesave (number
of awards exercisable at end of year was 8,159,542). The weighted average exercise price relates to Sharesave.

Certain
of the Barclays Group’s share option plans enable certain Directors and employees to subscribe for new ordinary shares of Barclays PLC. For the accounting of treasury shares refer to Note 32.


There were no significant modifications to the share-based payments arrangements in 2018 and 2017.


As at 31 December 2018, the total liability arising from cash-settled share-based payments transactions was £2m (2017: £2m).


Holdings of Barclays PLC shares

Various employee benefit trusts established by the Barclays Group hold shares in Barclays PLC to meet obligations under the Barclays share-based payment schemes. The total number of Barclays PLC shares held in these employee benefit
trusts at 31 December 2018 was 11.4million (2017: 9.9million). Dividend rights have been waived on all these shares. The total market value of the shares held in trust based on the year end share price of £1.51 (2017: £2.03) was
£17.2m (2017: £20.1m).


280 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


33 Pensions and post-retirement benefits


Accounting for pensions and post-retirement benefits


The Barclays Group operates a number of pension schemes and post-employment benefit schemes.


Defined contribution schemes
 – the Barclays Group recognises contributions due in respect of the accounting period in
the income statement. Any contributions unpaid at the balance sheet date are included as a liability.

Defined benefit
schemes
 – the Barclays Group recognises its obligations to members of each scheme at the period end, less the fair value of the scheme assets after applying the asset ceiling test.


Each scheme’s obligations are calculated using the projected unit credit method. Scheme assets are stated at fair value as at
the period end.

Changes in pension scheme liabilities or assets (remeasurements) that do not arise from regular pension
cost, net interest on net defined benefit liabilities or assets, past service costs, settlements or contributions to the scheme, are recognised in other comprehensive income. Remeasurements comprise experience adjustments (differences between
previous actuarial assumptions and what has actually occurred), the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions, return on scheme assets (excluding amounts included in the interest on the assets) and any changes in the effect of the asset ceiling
restriction (excluding amounts included in the interest on the restriction).

Post-employment
benefit schemes
 – the cost of providing healthcare benefits to retired employees is accrued as a liability in the financial statements over the period that the employees provide services to the Barclays Group, using a methodology similar to
that for defined benefit pension schemes.

Pension schemes


UK Retirement Fund (UKRF)


The UKRF is the Barclays Group’s main scheme, representing 97% of the Barclays Group’s total retirement benefit obligations. Barclays Bank
PLC is the principal employer of the UKRF. The UKRF was closed to new entrants on 1 October 2012, and comprises 10 sections, the two most significant of which are:


◾   Afterwork, which comprises a contributory cash balance defined benefit element, and a voluntary
defined contribution element. The cash balance element is accrued each year and revalued until Normal Retirement Age in line with the increase in Retail Price Index (RPI) (up to a maximum of 5% p.a.). An increase of up to 2% a year may also be added
at Barclays’ discretion. Between 1 October 2003 and 1 October 2012 the majority of new UK employees (except for the employees of the investment banking business within Barclays International) were eligible to join this section. The
costs of ill-health retirements and death in service benefits for Afterwork members are borne by the UKRF. The main risks that Barclays runs in relation to Afterwork are limited although additional
contributions are required if pre-retirement investment returns are not sufficient to provide for the benefits.


◾   The 1964 Pension Scheme. Most employees recruited before July 1997 built up benefits in this non-contributory defined benefit scheme in respect of service up to 31 March 2010. Pensions were calculated by reference to service and pensionable salary. From 1 April 2010, members became eligible to
accrue future service benefits in either Afterwork or the Pension Investment Plan (PIP), a historic defined contribution section which is now closed to future contributions. The risks that Barclays runs in relation to the 1964 section are typical of
final salary pension schemes, principally that investment returns fall short of expectations, that inflation exceeds expectations, and that retirees live longer than expected.


Barclays Pension Savings Plan (BPSP)

From 1 October 2012, a new UK pension scheme, the BPSP, was established to satisfy Auto Enrolment legislation. The BPSP is a defined contribution scheme (Group Personal Pension) providing benefits for all new UK hires from
1 October 2012, employees of the investment banking business within Barclays International who were in PIP as at 1 October 2012, and also all UK employees who were not members of a pension scheme at that date. As a defined contribution
scheme, BPSP is not subject to the same investment return, inflation or life expectancy risks for Barclays that defined benefit schemes are. Members’ benefits reflect contributions paid and the level of investment returns achieved.


Other

Apart from the UKRF
and the BPSP, Barclays operates a number of smaller pension and long-term employee benefits and post-retirement healthcare plans globally, the largest of which are the US defined benefit schemes. Many of the schemes are funded, with assets backing
the obligations held in separate legal vehicles such as trusts. Others are operated on an unfunded basis. The benefits provided, the approach to funding, and the legal basis of the schemes, reflect local environments.


Governance

The UKRF operates
under trust law and is managed and administered on behalf of the members in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Rules and all relevant legislation. The Corporate Trustee is Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited, a private limited
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC. The Trustee is the legal owner of the assets of the UKRF which are held separately from the assets of the Barclays Group.


The Trustee Board comprises six Management Directors selected by Barclays, of whom three are independent Directors with no relationship with
Barclays (and who are not members of the UKRF), plus three Member Nominated Directors selected from eligible active staff and pensioner members who apply for the role.


The BPSP is a Group Personal Pension arrangement which operates as a collection of personal pension plans. Each personal pension plan is a direct
contract between the employee and the BPSP provider (Legal & General Assurance Society Limited), and is regulated by the FCA.


Similar principles of pension governance apply to the Barclays Group’s other pension schemes, depending on local legislation.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 281


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


33 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


Amounts recognised

The
following tables include amounts recognised in the income statement and an analysis of benefit obligations and scheme assets for all Barclays Group defined benefit schemes. The net position is reconciled to the assets and liabilities recognised on
the balance sheet. The tables include funded and unfunded post-retirement benefits.


Income statement charge
2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Current service cost   243   265   243
Net finance cost   (24   )   (12   )   (32   )
Past service cost   134   (3   )   –
Other movements   5   –   2
Total   358   250   213
Balance sheet reconciliation   2018   2017
Total £m   Of which relates to UKRF £m   Total £m   Of
which relates to UKRF £m
Benefit obligation at beginning of the year   (30,268   )   (29,160   )   (33,033   )   (31,847   )
Current service cost   (243   )   (226   )   (265   )   (245   )
Interest costs on scheme liabilities   (705   )   (677   )   (843   )   (810   )
Past service cost   (134   )   (140   )   3   –
Remeasurement loss – financial   1,129   1,075   (387   )   (330   )
Remeasurement (loss)/gain – demographic   (241   )   (245   )   (228   )   (240   )
Remeasurement (loss)/gain – experience   (75   )   (94   )   (612   )   (614   )
Employee contributions   (4   )   (1   )   (5   )   (1   )
Benefits paid   2,205   2,167   4,970   4,927
Exchange and other movements   67   –   132   –
Benefit obligation at end of the year   (28,269   )   (27,301   )   (30,268   )   (29,160   )
Fair value of scheme assets at beginning of the year   30,922   30,112   32,657   31,820
Interest income on scheme assets   729   709   855   831
Employer contribution   754   741   1,152   1,124
Remeasurement – return on scheme assets greater than discount rate   (400   )   (360   )   1,333   1,263
Employee contributions   4   1   5   1
Benefits paid   (2,205   )   (2,167   )   (4,970   )   (4,927   )
Exchange and other movements   (82   )   –   (110   )   –
Fair value of scheme assets at end of the year   29,722   29,036   30,922   30,112
Net surplus   1,453   1,735   654   952
Retirement benefit assets   1,768   1,735   966   952
Retirement benefit liabilities   (315   )   –   (312   )   –
Net retirement benefit assets   1,453   1,735   654   952

Included within the benefit obligation was £757m (2017: £895m) relating to overseas pensions and
£204m (2017: £213m) relating to other post-employment benefits.

As at 31 December 2018, the UKRF’s scheme assets were
in surplus versus IAS 19 obligations by £1,735m (2017: £952m). The movement for the UKRF was driven by an increase in the discount rate and payment of deficit contributions, offset by lower than assumed asset returns and revised early
retirement and cash commutation factors.

The Group has considered all of the implications of the High Court ruling in the Lloyds Banking
Group Pension Trustees case on the requirement to equalise pensions in respect of Guaranteed Minimum Pensions (GMP). This resulted in a £140m increase in pension obligation which has been recognised as a Past service cost. Any future
clarifications to GMP equalisation leading to a change in financial assumptions are expected to be recognised in equity.

Of the
£2,167m (2017: £4,927m) UKRF benefits paid out, £1,420m (2017: £4,151m) related to transfers out of the fund.


Where a scheme’s assets exceed its obligation, an asset is recognised to the extent that it does not exceed the present value of future
contribution holidays or refunds of contributions (the asset ceiling). In the case of the UKRF the asset ceiling is not applied as, in certain specified circumstances such as
wind-up,
 the Barclays Group
expects to be able to recover any surplus. The Trustee does not have a substantive right to augment benefits, nor do they have the right to wind up the plan except in the dissolution of the Barclays Group or termination of contributions by the
Barclays Group. The application of the asset ceiling to other plans is considered on an individual plan basis.


282 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


33 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


Critical accounting estimates and judgements

Actuarial valuation of the schemes’ obligation is dependent upon a series of assumptions. Below is a summary of the main financial and demographic assumptions adopted for the UKRF.


Key UKRF financial assumptions   2018 % p.a.   2017 % p.a.
Discount rate   2.71   2.46
Inflation rate (RPI)   3.25   3.22
The UKRF discount rate assumption for 2018 was
based on a variant of the standard Willis Towers Watson RATE Link model. This variant includes all bonds rated AA by at least one of the four major ratings agencies, and assumes that yields after year 30 are flat. The RPI inflation assumption for
2018 was set by reference to the Bank of England’s implied inflation spot curve, assuming the spot curve remains flat after 30 years. The inflation assumption incorporates a deduction of 20 basis points as an allowance for an inflation risk
premium. The methodology used to derive the discount rate and price inflation assumptions is consistent with that used at the prior year end. The UKRF’s post-retirement mortality assumptions are based on a best estimate assumption derived from an analysis in 2016 of the Barclays Group
own post-retirement mortality experience, and taking account of recent evidence from published mortality surveys. An allowance has been made for future mortality improvements based on the 2017 core projection model published by the Continuous
Mortality Investigation Bureau subject to a long-term trend of 1.25% per annum in future improvements. The methodology used is consistent with the prior year end, except that the 2016 core projection model was used at 2017. The table below shows how
the assumed life expectancy at 60, for members of the UKRF, has varied over the past three years:
Assumed life expectancy   2018   2017   2016
Life expectancy at 60 for current pensioners (years)
– Males   27.7   27.8   27.9
–
Females   29.4   29.4   29.7
Life expectancy at 60 for future pensioners currently aged 40 (years)
– Males   29.2   29.3   29.7
–
Females   31.0   31.0   31.7

The assumption for future transfers out has been adjusted to reflect volumes experienced in 2018 which were lower
than previously assumed. The revised assumption is that 7.5% of the benefit obligation in respect of deferred members will transfer out during 2019, 5% in 2020, 2.5% in 2021, tapering down to 0% from 2022 onwards (2017:15% of the benefit obligation
in respect of deferred members will transfer out during 2019, 10% in 2020, 5% in 2021, tapering down to 0% from 2022 onwards).


Sensitivity analysis on actuarial assumptions

The sensitivity analysis has been calculated by valuing the UKRF liabilities using the amended assumptions shown in the table below and keeping the remaining assumptions the same as disclosed in the table above, except in the case
of the inflation sensitivity where other assumptions that depend on assumed inflation have also been amended correspondingly. The difference between the recalculated liability figure and that stated in the balance sheet reconciliation table above is
the figure shown. The selection of these movements to illustrate the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to key assumptions should not be interpreted as Barclays expressing any specific view of the probability of such movements happening.


Change in key assumptions
2018   2017
(Decrease)/ Increase in UKRF defined benefit obligation £bn   (Decrease)/ Increase in UKRF defined benefit obligation £bn
Discount rate
0.5% p.a. increase   (2.1   )   (2.4   )
0.25% p.a. increase   (1.1   )   (1.2   )
0.25% p.a. decrease   1.1   1.3
0.5% p.a. decrease   2.4   2.8
Assumed RPI
0.5% p.a. increase   1.3   1.6
0.25% p.a. increase   0.7   0.8
0.25% p.a. decrease   (0.6   )   (0.7   )
0.5% p.a. decrease   (1.3   )   (1.5   )
Life expectancy at 60
One year increase   0.9   1.0
One year decrease   (0.9   )   (1.0   )


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 283


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


33 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


The weighted average duration of the benefit payments reflected in the defined benefit obligation for the UKRF is 17 years.


Assets

A long-term
investment strategy has been set for the UKRF, with its asset allocation comprising a mixture of equities, bonds, property and other appropriate assets. This recognises that different asset classes are likely to produce different long-term returns
and some asset classes may be more volatile than others. The long-term investment strategy ensures, among other aims, that investments are adequately diversified. Asset managers are permitted some flexibility to vary the asset allocation from the
long-term investment strategy within control ranges agreed with the Trustee from time to time.

The UKRF also employs derivative
instruments, where appropriate, to achieve a desired exposure or return, or to match assets more closely to liabilities. The value of assets shown reflects the assets held by the scheme, with any derivative holdings reflected on a fair value basis.


The value of the assets of the schemes and their percentage in relation to total scheme assets were as follows:


Analysis of scheme assets
Total   Of which relates to UKRF
Value £m   % of total fair value of scheme assets %   Value £m   % of total fair value of scheme assets %
As at 31 December 2018
Equities – quoted   2,916   9.8   2,787   9.6
Equities – non–quoted   1,995   6.7   1,995   6.9
Bonds – fixed government a   4,099   13.8   3,840   13.2
Bonds – index–linked government a   11,960   40.2   11,951   41.1
Bonds – corporate and other a   5,653   19.0   5,479   18.9
Property – commercial b   1,712   5.8   1,702   5.9
Derivatives b   266   0.9   266   0.9
Other c   1,121   3.8   1,016   3.5
Fair value of scheme assets   29,722   100.0   29,036   100.0
As at 31 December 2017
Equities – quoted   4,377   14.1   4,151   13.8
Equities – non–quoted   2,001   6.5   2,001   6.6
Bonds – fixed government a   2,433   7.9   2,184   7.3
Bonds – index–linked government a   13,089   42.3   13,078   43.4
Bonds – corporate and other a   5,195   16.8   4,999   16.6
Property – commercial b   1,911   6.2   1,902   6.3
Derivatives b   816   2.6   816   2.7
Other c   1,100   3.6   981   3.3
Fair value of scheme assets   30,922   100.0   30,112   100.0

Notes


a   Assets held are predominantly quoted.


b   Assets held are predominantly non-quoted.


c   Assets held are predominantly in Infrastructure Funds.


Included within the fair value of scheme assets were: £nil (2017: £0.1m) relating to shares in Barclays PLC and £nil (2017:
£0.6m) relating to bonds issued by Barclays PLC. The UKRF also invests in pooled investment vehicles which may hold shares or debt issued by Barclays PLC.


The UKRF scheme assets also include £1m (2017: £15m) relating to UK private equity investments and £1,994m (2017: £1,986m)
relating to overseas private equity investments. These are disclosed above within Equities –
non-quoted.


Approximately 46% of the UKRF assets are invested in liability-driven investment strategies; primarily UK gilts as well as interest rate and inflation swaps. These are used to better match the assets to its liabilities. The swaps
are used to reduce the scheme’s inflation and duration risks against its liabilities.

Funding


The Scheme Actuary prepares an annual update of the UKRF funding position in addition to the full triennial actuarial valuation. The latest annual
update was carried out as at 30 September 2018 and showed a deficit of £4.04bn and a funding level of 88.4%.

The last
triennial actuarial valuation of the UKRF had an effective date of 30 September 2016 and was completed in July 2017. This valuation showed a funding deficit of £7.87bn and a funding level of 81.5%.


The improvement in funding position between 30 September 2016 and 30 September 2018 was largely due to payment of deficit contributions,
higher than assumed asset returns, higher Government bond yields, and transfers out of the scheme.


284 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


33 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


At the 2016 triennial actuarial valuation the Barclays Group and UKRF Trustee agreed a revised scheme-specific funding target, statement
of funding principles, schedule of contributions, a recovery plan to seek to eliminate the deficit relative to the funding target and some additional support measures. The agreement with the UKRF Trustee also takes into account the changes to the
Barclays Group structure that were implemented as a result of ring-fencing.

The main differences between the funding and IAS 19
assumptions were a different approach to setting the discount rate and a more conservative longevity assumption for funding.

The deficit
reduction contributions agreed with the UKRF Trustee as part of the 30 September 2016 valuation recovery plan are shown in the table below.


Year   Deficit contributions 30 September 2016 valuation £m
2017   740
2018   500
2019   500
2020   500
2021 to 2026   1,000 each year

The deficit reduction contributions are in addition to the regular contributions to meet the Barclays Group’s
share of the cost of benefits accruing over each year. The next funding valuation of the UKRF is due to be completed in 2020 with an effective date of 30 September 2019.


Other support measures agreed at the same time as the valuation


Collateral – The UKRF Trustee and Barclays Bank PLC have entered into an arrangement whereby a collateral pool has been put in place to provide
security for the UKRF funding deficit as it increases or decreases over time, and associated deficit recovery contributions. The collateral pool is currently made up of government securities. Agreement was made with the Trustee to increase the
proportion of the deficit covered from 88.5% to 100% effective from 26 March 2018 with an overall cap remaining of £9.0bn, at which date the collateral pool consisted of government securities only (the Trustee and Barclays Bank PLC may
agree alternative eligible collateral in the future). The arrangement provides the UKRF Trustee with dedicated access to the pool of assets in the event of Barclays Bank PLC not paying a deficit reduction contribution to the UKRF or in the event of
Barclays Bank PLC’s insolvency. These assets are included within Note 38.

Support from Barclays PLC – In the event of Barclays
Bank PLC not paying a deficit reduction contribution payment required under the 2016 valuation recovery plan by a specified
pre-payment
 date, Barclays PLC has entered into an arrangement whereby it will be
required to use, in first priority, dividends received from Barclays Bank UK PLC (if any) to invest the proceeds in Barclays Bank PLC (up to the maximum amount of the deficit reduction contribution unpaid by Barclays Bank PLC). The proceeds of the
investment will be used to discharge Barclays Bank PLC’s unpaid deficit reduction contribution.

Participation – As permitted
under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Banking Reform) (Pensions) Regulations 2015, Barclays Bank UK PLC is a participating employer in the UKRF and will remain so during a transitional phase until September 2025 as set out in a deed of
participation. Barclays Bank UK PLC will make contributions for the future service of its employees who are currently Afterwork members and, in the event of Barclays Bank PLC’s insolvency during this period provision has been made to require
Barclays Bank UK PLC to become the principal employer of the UKRF. Barclays Bank PLC’s Section 75 debt would be triggered by the insolvency (the debt would be calculated after allowing for the payment to the UKRF of the collateral above).


Defined benefit contributions paid with respect to the UKRF were as follows:


Contributions paid
£m
2018   741
2017   1,124
2016   634

There were £nil (2017: £153m; 2016: £112m) Section 75 contributions included within the
Barclays Group’s contributions paid as no participating employers left the UKRF scheme in 2018.

The Barclays Group’s expected
contribution to the UKRF in respect of defined benefits in 2019 is £725m (2018: £716m). In addition, the expected contributions to UK defined contribution schemes in 2019 is £34m (2018: £35m) to the UKRF and £168m
(2018: £146m) to the BPSP.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 285


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


The section presents information on the Barclays Group’s investments in subsidiaries, joint
ventures and associates and its interests in structured entities. Detail is also given on securitisation transactions the Barclays Group has entered into and arrangements that are held
off-balance
 sheet.


34 Principal subsidiaries


The Barclays Group applies IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. The consolidated financial
statements combine the financial statements of the Barclays Group and all its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Barclays Group has control. Under IFRS 10, this is when the Barclays Group is exposed or has rights to variable
returns from its involvement in the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.

The Barclays Group reassesses whether it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate that there have been changes to its power, its rights to variable returns or its ability to use its power to affect the amount of its
returns.

Intra-group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation and consistent
accounting policies are used throughout the Barclays Group for the purposes of the consolidation. Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions if they occur after control has been obtained and they do not
result in loss of control.

The significant judgements used in applying this policy are set out below.


Accounting for investment in subsidiaries


In the individual financial statements of Barclays PLC, investments in subsidiaries are stated
at cost less impairment.

Principal subsidiaries for the Barclays Group are set out below. This includes those subsidiaries that
are most significant in the context of the Barclays Group’s business, results or financial position.


Company name   Principal place of business or incorporation   Nature of business   Percentage of voting rights held %   Non-controlling interests – proportion of ownership interests %   Non-controlling interests – proportion of voting interests %
Barclays Bank PLC   England   Banking, holding Company   100   3   –
Barclays Bank UK PLC   England   Banking, holding Company   100   –   –
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC   Ireland   Banking, holding Company   100   –   –
Barclays Services Limited   England   Service Company   100   –   –
Barclays Capital Inc.   United States   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Capital Securities Limited   England   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Securities Japan Limited   Japan   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Bank Delaware   United States   Credit card issuer   100   –   –

The country of registration or incorporation is also the principal area of operation of each of the above
subsidiaries.

Ownership interests are in some cases different to voting interests due to the existence of

non-voting
 equity interests, such as preference shares. Refer to Note 31 for more information.


Determining whether the Barclays Group has control of an entity is generally straightforward based on ownership of the majority of the voting
capital. However, in certain instances, this determination will involve judgement, particularly in the case of structured entities where voting rights are often not the determining factor in decisions over the relevant activities. This judgement
will involve assessing the purpose and design of the entity. It will also often be necessary to consider whether the Barclays Group, or another involved party with power over the relevant activities, is acting as a principal in its own right or as
an agent on behalf of others.

There is also often considerable judgement involved in the ongoing assessment of control over structured
entities. In this regard, where market conditions have deteriorated such that the other investors’ exposures to the structure’s variable returns have been substantively eliminated, the Barclays Group may conclude that the managers of the
structured entity are acting as its agent and therefore will consolidate the structured entity.

An interest in equity voting rights
exceeding 50% would typically indicate that the Barclays Group has control of an entity. However, the entity set out below is excluded from consolidation because the Barclays Group does not have exposure to its variable returns.


Country of registration or incorporation   Company name   Percentage of voting rights held %   Equity shareholders’ funds £m   Retained profit for  the year £m
Cayman Islands   Palomino Limited   100   –   –

This entity is managed by an external counterparty and consequently is not controlled by the Barclays Group.
Interests relating to this entity are included in Note 35.


286 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


34 Principal subsidiaries
continued


Significant restrictions

As
is typical for a Group of its size and international scope, there are restrictions on the ability of Barclays PLC to obtain distributions of capital, access the assets or repay the liabilities of members of its Group due to the statutory, regulatory
and contractual requirements of its subsidiaries and due to the protective rights of
non-controlling
 interests. These are considered below.


Regulatory requirements


Barclays’ principal subsidiary companies have assets and liabilities before intercompany eliminations of £1,399bn (2017: £1,407bn)
and £1,330bn (2017: £1,341bn) respectively. The assets and liabilities are subject to prudential regulation and regulatory capital requirements in the countries in which they are regulated. These require entities to maintain minimum
capital levels which cannot be returned to the Parent company, Barclays PLC on a going concern basis.

In order to meet capital
requirements, subsidiaries may issue certain equity-accounted and debt-accounted financial instruments and
non-equity
 instruments such as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments and other forms of subordinated
liabilities. Refer to Note 28 and Note 29 for particulars of these instruments. These instruments may be subject to cancellation clauses or preference share restrictions that would limit the ability of the entity to repatriate the capital on a
timely basis.

Liquidity requirements

Regulated subsidiaries of the Barclays Group are required to meet applicable PRA or local regulatory requirements pertaining to liquidity. Some of the regulated subsidiaries include Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC, Barclays
Capital Inc. and Barclays Bank Delaware. See pages 137 to 150 for further details of liquidity requirements, including those of the Barclays Group’s significant subsidiaries.


Statutory requirements

The
Barclays Group’s subsidiaries are subject to statutory requirements not to make distributions of capital and unrealised profits and generally to maintain solvency. These requirements restrict the ability of subsidiaries to make remittances of
dividends to Barclays PLC, the ultimate parent, except in the event of a legal capital reduction or liquidation. In most cases, the regulatory restrictions referred to above exceed the statutory restrictions.


Contractual requirements


Asset encumbrance

The
Barclays Group uses its financial assets to raise finance in the form of securitisations and through the liquidity schemes of central banks, as well as to provide security to the UK Retirement Fund. Once encumbered, the assets are not available for
transfer around the Barclays Group. The assets typically affected are disclosed in Note 38.

Assets held by consolidated structured
entities

None of the assets (2017: £nil) included in the Barclays Group’s balance sheet relate to consolidated investment
funds, held to pay return and principal to the holders of units in the funds.

Other restrictions


The Barclays Group is required to maintain balances with central banks and other regulatory authorities, and these amounted to £4,717m (2017:
£3,360m).

35 Structured entities


A structured entity is an entity in which voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding control. Structured entities are
generally created to achieve a narrow and well-defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities.

Depending on the
Barclays Group’s power over the activities of the entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may consolidate the entity. In other cases, it may sponsor or have exposure to such an entity but not consolidate it.


Consolidated structured entities

The Barclays Group has contractual arrangements which may require it to provide financial support to the following types of consolidated structured entities:


Securitisation vehicles

The
Barclays Group uses securitisation as a source of financing and a means of risk transfer. Refer to Note 37 for further detail.

The
Barclays Group, in previous periods, has provided liquidity facilities to certain securitisation vehicles. At 31 December 2018, there were no outstanding loan commitments to these entities (2017: £nil).


Commercial paper (CP) and medium-term note conduits


The Barclays Group provided £11.7bn (2017: £10.2bn) in undrawn contractual backstop liquidity facilities to CP conduits.


Fund management entities

In
previous periods, the Barclays Group had contractually guaranteed the performance of certain cash investments in a number of managed investment funds which resulted in their consolidation. As at 31 December 2018, the notional value of the
guarantees were £nil (2017: £nil) as the European Wealth Funds associated with these guarantees were either closed or ownership has been transferred outside the Barclays Group and they are no longer consolidated.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 287


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


35 Structured entities
continued

Employee benefit and other trusts

Barclays PLC provides capital contributions to employee benefit trusts to
enable them to meet obligations to the employees of Barclays PLC in relation to the Barclays Group’s share-based remuneration arrangements. During 2018, the Barclays Group provided undrawn liquidity facilities of £2.6bn (2017:
£1.8bn) to certain trusts.

Unconsolidated structured entities in which the Barclays Group has an interest


An interest in a structured entity is any form of contractual or
non-contractual
 involvement which creates
variability in returns arising from the performance of the entity for the Barclays Group. Such interests include holdings of debt or equity securities, derivatives that transfer financial risks from the entity to the Barclays Group, lending, loan
commitments, financial guarantees and investment management agreements.

Interest rate swaps, foreign exchange derivatives that are not
complex and which expose the Barclays Group to insignificant credit risk by being senior in the payment waterfall of a securitisation and derivatives that are determined to introduce risk or variability to a structured entity are not considered to
be an interest in an entity and have been excluded from the disclosures below.

The nature and extent of the Barclays Group’s
interests in structured entities is summarised below:


Summary of interests in unconsolidated structured entities
Secured financing £m   Short-term traded interests £m   Traded derivatives £m   Other interests £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Assets
Trading portfolio assets   –   12,206   –   –   12,206
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   32,359   –   –   2,598   34,957
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   5,236   –   5,236
Loans and advances at amortised cost   –   –   –   17,341   17,341
Other assets   –   –   –   33   33
Total assets   32,359   12,206   5,236   19,972   69,773
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   6,438   2,586   9,024
As at 31 December 2017
Assets
Trading portfolio assets   –   10,788   –   699   11,487
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   31,520   –   –   2,721   34,241
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   4,380   –   4,380
Loans and advances at amortised cost   5,481   –   –   17,386   22,867
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   753   –   –   –   753
Other assets   –   –   –   509   509
Total assets   37,754   10,788   4,380   21,315   74,237
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   5,193   3,356   8,549

Secured financing arrangements, short-term traded interests and traded derivatives are typically managed under
market risk management policies described on page 93 which includes an indication of the change of risk measures compared to last year. For this reason, the total assets of these entities are not considered meaningful for the purposes of
understanding the related risks and so have not been presented. Other interests include conduits and lending where the interest is driven by normal customer demand.


Secured financing

The
Barclays Group routinely enters into reverse repurchase contracts, stock borrowing and similar arrangements on normal commercial terms where the counterparty to the arrangement is a structured entity. Due to the nature of these arrangements,
especially the transfer of collateral and ongoing margining, the Barclays Group has minimal exposure to the performance of the structured entity counterparty. This includes margin lending which is presented under financial assets at fair value
through the income statement to align to the balance sheet presentation.

Short-term traded interests


The Barclays Group buys and sells interests in structured entities as part of its trading activities, for example, retail mortgage-backed
securities, collateralised debt obligations and similar interests. Such interests are typically held individually or as part of a larger portfolio for no more than 90 days. In such cases, the Barclays Group typically has no other involvement with
the structured entity other than the securities it holds as part of trading activities and its maximum exposure to loss is restricted to the carrying value of the asset.


As at 31 December 2018, £8,436m (2017: £9,645m) of the Barclays Group’s £12,206m (2017: £10,788m) short-term
traded interests were comprised of debt securities issued by asset securitisation vehicles.


288 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


35 Structured entities
continued


Traded derivatives

The
Barclays Group enters into a variety of derivative contracts with structured entities which reference market risk variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and credit indices among other things. The main derivative types which are
considered interests in structured entities include index-based and entity specific credit default swaps, balance guaranteed swaps, total return swaps, commodities swaps, and equity swaps. A description of the types of derivatives and the risk
management practices are detailed in Note 14. The risk of loss may be mitigated through ongoing margining requirements as well as a right to cash flows from the structured entity which are senior in the payment waterfall. Such margining requirements
are consistent with market practice for many derivative arrangements and in line with the Barclays Group’s normal credit policies.


Derivative transactions require the counterparty to provide cash or other collateral under margining agreements to mitigate counterparty credit
risk. The Barclays Group is mainly exposed to settlement risk on these derivatives which is mitigated through daily margining. Total notionals amounted to £1,477,753m (2017: £1,680,615m).


Except for credit default swaps where the maximum exposure to loss is the swap notional amount, it is not possible to estimate the maximum exposure
to loss in respect of derivative positions as the fair value of derivatives is subject to changes in market rates of interest, exchange rates and credit indices which by their nature are uncertain. In addition, the Barclays Group’s losses would
be subject to mitigating action under its traded market risk and credit risk policies that require the counterparty to provide collateral in cash or other assets in most cases.


Other interests in unconsolidated structured entities


The Barclays Group’s interests in structured entities not held for the purposes of short-term trading activities are set out below, summarised
by the purpose of the entities and limited to significant categories, based on maximum exposure to loss.


Nature of interest
Multi-seller conduit programmes £m   Lending £m   Investment funds
and trusts £m   Others £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Financial assets at fair value through the income
statement
– Debt securities   444   –   –   114   558
– Loans and advances   –   –   –   2,040   2,040
Loans and advances at amortised cost   6,100   9,140   –   2,101   17,341
Other assets   9   3   21   –   33
Total on-balance sheet exposures   6,553   9,143   21   4,255   19,972
Total off-balance sheet notional amounts   11,671   4,327   –   431   16,429
Maximum exposure to loss   18,224   13,470   21   4,686   36,401
Total assets of the entity   73,109   196,865   9,341   28,163   307,478
As at 31 December 2017
Trading portfolio assets
– Debt securities   –   –   –   699   699
Financial assets at fair value through the income
statement
– Loans and advances   –   –   –   2,721   2,721
Loans and advances at amortised cost   5,424   11,497   –   465   17,386
Other assets   468   11   8   22   509
Total on-balance sheet exposures   5,892   11,508   8   3,907   21,315
Total off-balance sheet notional amounts   6,270   6,337   –   446   13,053
Maximum exposure to loss   12,162   17,845   8   4,353   34,368
Total assets of the entity   103,057   179,994   11,137   22,669   316,857

Maximum exposure to loss


Unless specified otherwise below, the Barclays Group’s maximum exposure to loss is the total of its

on-balance
 sheet positions and its
off-balance
 sheet arrangements, being loan commitments and financial guarantees. Exposure to loss is mitigated through collateral,
financial guarantees, the availability of netting and credit protection held.

Multi-seller conduit programme


The multi-seller conduit engages in providing financing to various clients and holds whole or partial interests in pools of receivables or similar
obligations. These instruments are protected from loss through over-collateralisation, seller guarantees, or other credit enhancements provided to the conduit. The Barclays Group’s
off-balance
 sheet
exposure included in the table above represents liquidity facilities that are provided to the conduit for the benefit of the holders of the commercial paper issued by the conduit and will only be drawn where the conduit is unable to access the
commercial paper market. If these liquidity facilities are drawn, the Barclays Group is protected from loss through over-collateralisation, seller guarantees, or other credit enhancements provided to the conduit.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 289


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


35 Structured entities
continued

Lending

The portfolio includes lending provided by the Barclays Group to unconsolidated structured entities in
the normal course of its lending business to earn income in the form of interest and lending fees and includes loans to structured entities that are generally collateralised by property, equipment or other assets. All loans are subject to the
Barclays Group’s credit sanctioning process. Collateral arrangements are specific to the circumstances of each loan with additional guarantees and collateral sought from the sponsor of the structured entity for certain arrangements. During the
period the Barclays Group incurred an impairment of £67m (2017: £11m) against such facilities.

Investment funds and
trusts

In the course of its fund management activities, the Barclays Group establishes pooled investment funds that comprise
investments of various kinds, tailored to meet certain investors’ requirements. The Barclays Group’s interest in funds is generally restricted to a fund management fee, the value of which is typically based on the performance of the fund.


The Barclays Group acts as trustee to a number of trusts established by or on behalf of its clients. The purpose of the trusts, which
meet the definition of structured entities, is to hold assets on behalf of beneficiaries. The Barclays Group’s interest in trusts is generally restricted to unpaid fees which, depending on the trust, may be fixed or based on the value of the
trust assets. The Barclays Group has no other risk exposure to the trusts.

Other


This includes fair value loans with structured entities where the market risk is materially hedged with corresponding derivative contracts,
interests in debt securities issued by securitisation vehicles and drawn and undrawn loan facilities to these entities.

Assets
transferred to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities

Assets transferred to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities were
immaterial.

36 Investments in associates and joint ventures


Accounting for associates and joint ventures


The Barclays Group applies IAS 28 Investments in Associates and IFRS 11 Joint Arrangements. Associates are entities
in which the Barclays Group has significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies. Generally the Barclays Group holds more than 20%, but less than 50%, of their voting shares. Joint ventures are arrangements where the
Barclays Group has joint control and rights to the net assets of the entity.

The
Barclays Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are initially recorded at cost and increased (or decreased) each year by the Barclays Group’s share of the post acquisition profit/(loss). The Barclays Group ceases to recognise
its share of the losses of equity accounted associates when its share of the net assets and amounts due from the entity have been written off in full, unless it has a contractual or constructive obligation to make good its share of the losses. In
some cases, investments in these entities may be held at fair value through profit or loss, for example, those held by private equity businesses.

There are no individually significant investments in joint ventures or associates held by the Barclays Group.


2018   2017
Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Total £m   Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Total £m
Equity accounted   481   281   762   402   316   718
Held at fair value through profit or loss   –   509   509   –   447   447
Total   481   790   1,271   402   763   1,165

Summarised financial information for the Barclays Group’s equity accounted associates and joint ventures is
set out below. The amounts shown are the net income of the investees, not just the Barclays Group’s share for the year ended 31 December 2018, with the exception of certain undertakings for which the amounts are based on accounts made up
to dates not earlier than three months before the balance sheet date.


Associates   Joint ventures
2018 £m   2017 £m   2018 £m   2017 £m
Profit from continuing operations   173   117   54   77
Other comprehensive income / (expense)   28   –   32   (15)
Total comprehensive income from continuing operations   201   117   86   62

Unrecognised shares of the losses of individually immaterial associates and joint ventures were £nil (2017:
£nil).

The Barclays Group’s associates and joint ventures are subject to statutory or contractual requirements such that they
cannot make remittances of dividends or make loan repayments to Barclays PLC without agreement from the external parties.

The Barclays
Group’s share of commitments and contingencies of its associates and joint ventures comprised unutilised credit facilities provided to customers of £1,715 m (2017: £1,712m). In addition, the Barclays Group has made commitments to
finance or otherwise provide resources to its joint ventures and associates of £318 m (2017: £304m).


290 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


37 Securitisations


Accounting for securitisations


The Barclays Group uses securitisations as a source of finance and a means of risk transfer. Such transactions
generally result in the transfer of contractual cash flows from portfolios of financial assets to holders of issued debt securities.


Securitisations may, depending on the individual arrangement, result in continued recognition
of the securitised assets and the recognition of the debt securities issued in the transaction; lead to partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of the Barclays Group’s continuing involvement in those assets or to derecognition
of the assets and the separate recognition, as assets or liabilities, of any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Full derecognition only occurs when the Barclays Group transfers both its contractual right to receive cash
flows from the financial assets, or retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows, but assumes a contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to another party without material delay or reinvestment, and also transfers substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership, including credit risk, prepayment risk and interest rate risk.

In the course of its normal
banking activities, the Barclays Group makes transfers of financial assets, either where legal rights to the cash flows from the asset are passed to the counterparty or beneficially, where the Barclays Group retains the rights to the cash flows but
assumes a responsibility to transfer them to the counterparty. Depending on the nature of the transaction, this may result in derecognition of the assets in their entirety, partial derecognition or no derecognition of the assets subject to the
transfer.

A summary of the main transactions, and the assets and liabilities and the financial risks arising from these transactions, is
set out below:

Transfers of financial assets that do not result in derecognition


Securitisations

The Barclays
Group was party to securitisation transactions involving its credit card balances.

In these transactions, the assets, interests in the
assets, or beneficial interests in the cash flows arising from the assets, are transferred to a special purpose entity, which then issues interest bearing debt securities to third party investors.


Securitisations may, depending on the individual arrangement, result in continued recognition of the securitised assets and the recognition of the
debt securities issued in the transaction. Partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of the Barclays Group’s continuing involvement in those assets can also occur or derecognition of the assets and the separate recognition, as
assets or liabilities, of any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer.

The following table shows the carrying amount
of securitised assets that have not resulted in full derecognition, together with the associated liabilities, for each category of asset on the balance sheet:


2018   2017
Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities
Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   4,242   4,334   (4,234   )   (4,218   )   3,772   3,757   (3,635   )   (3,626   )

Balances included within loans and advances at amortised cost represent securitisations where substantially all the
risks and rewards of the asset have been retained by the Barclays Group.

The relationship between the transferred assets and the
associated liabilities is that holders of notes may only look to cash flows from the securitised assets for payments of principal and interest due to them under the terms of their notes, although the contractual terms of their notes may be different
to the maturity and interest of the transferred assets.

For transfers of assets in relation to repurchase agreements, refer to Note 38.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 291


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


37 Securitisations
continued


Continuing involvement in financial assets that have been derecognised


In some cases, the Barclays Group may have transferred a financial asset in its entirety but may have continuing involvement in it. This arises in
asset securitisations where loans and asset backed securities were derecognised as a result of the Barclays Group’s involvement with commercial mortgage backed securities. Continuing involvement largely arises from providing financing into
these structures in the form of retained notes, which do not bear first losses.

The table below shows the potential financial
implications of such continuing involvement:


Continuing involvement a   Gain/(loss) from continuing involvement
Type of transfer   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Maximum exposure to loss £m   For the year ended £m   Cumulative to 31 December £m
2018
Commercial mortgage backed securities   135   135   135   2   3
2017
Commercial mortgage backed securities   94   94   94   1   1

Note

a Assets which represent the Barclays Group’s continuing involvement in derecognised assets are recorded in Loans and advances at amortised cost.


38 Assets pledged

Assets
are pledged as collateral to secure liabilities under repurchase agreements, securitisations and stock lending agreements or as security deposits relating to derivatives. Assets pledged as collateral include all assets categorised as encumbered in
the disclosure on page 142 (unaudited), other than those held in commercial paper conduits. In these transactions, Barclays Group will be required to step in to provide financing itself under a liquidity facility if the vehicle cannot access the
commercial paper market. The following table summarises the nature and carrying amount of the assets pledged as security against these liabilities:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Cash collateral   55,532   56,351
Loans and advances at amortised cost   42,683   41,772
Trading portfolio assets   63,143   73,899
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   7,450   4,798
Financial investments   –   15,058
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   10,354   –
Assets pledged   179,162   191,878

Barclays Group has an additional £10bn (2017: £9bn) of loans and advances within its asset backed
funding programmes that can readily be used to raise additional secured funding and are available to support future issuances.

Total
assets pledged includes a collateral pool put in place to provide security for the UKRF funding deficit. Refer to Note 33 for further details.

Collateral held as security for assets

Under certain transactions, including reverse repurchase agreements and
stock borrowing transactions, the Barclays Group is allowed to resell or
re-pledge
 the collateral held. The fair value at the balance sheet date of collateral accepted and

re-pledged
 to others was as follows:


2018 £m   2017 £m
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   598,348   608,412
Of which fair value of securities re-pledged/transferred to others   528,957   547,637


292 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


The notes included in this section focus on related party transactions, Auditors’
remuneration and Directors’ remuneration. Related parties include any subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and Key Management Personnel.


39 Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration


Related party transactions


Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party
in making financial or operational decisions, or one other party controls both.

Subsidiaries


Transactions between Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries meet the definition of related party transactions. Where these are eliminated on
consolidation, they are not disclosed in the Barclays Group’s financial statements. Transactions between Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries are fully disclosed in Barclays PLC’s financial statements. A list of the Barclays Group’s
principal subsidiaries is shown in Note 34.

Associates, joint ventures and other entities


The Barclays Group provides banking services to its associates, joint ventures and the Barclays Group pension funds (principally the UK Retirement
Fund), providing loans, overdrafts, interest and non–interest bearing deposits and current accounts to these entities as well as other services. Barclays Group companies also provide investment management and custodian services to the Barclays
Group pension schemes. All of these transactions are conducted on the same terms as third party transactions. Summarised financial information for the Barclays Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures is set out in Note 36.


Amounts included in the Barclays Group’s financial statements, in aggregate, by category of related party entity are as follows:


Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Pension funds £m
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2018
Total income   –   7   4
Credit impairment and other provisions   –   –   –
Operating expenses   (27   )   (7   )   –
Total assets   12   1,288   3
Total liabilities   85   2   139
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2017
Total income   (20   )   61   4
Credit impairment and other provisions   2   –   –
Operating expenses   –   (23   )   –
Total assets   2   1,048   2
Total liabilities   75   2   162
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2016
Total income   (20   )   32   4
Credit impairment and other provisions   (13   )   –   –
Operating expenses   –   (25   )   –
Total assets   72   2,244   –
Total liabilities   94   95   260

Guarantees, pledges or commitments given in respect of these transactions in the year were £20m (2017:
£27m) predominantly relating to joint ventures. No guarantees, pledges or commitments were received in the year. Derivatives transacted on behalf of the pensions funds were £3m (2017: £3m).


Key Management Personnel


Key Management Personnel are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of
Barclays PLC (directly or indirectly) and comprise the Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC, certain direct reports of the Group Chief Executive and the heads of major business units and functions.


There were no material related party transactions with entities under common directorship where a member of Key Management Personnel (or any
connected person) is also a member of Key Management Personnel (or any connected person) of Barclays PLC.

The Barclays Group provides
banking services to Key Management Personnel and persons connected to them. Transactions during the year and the balances outstanding were as follows:


Loans outstanding
2018 £m   2017 £m
As at 1 January   4.8   9.2
Loans issued during the year a   4.2   0.5
Loan repayments during the year b   (1.8   )   (4.9)
As at 31 December   7.2   4.8

Notes

a Includes loans issued to existing Key Management Personnel and new or existing loans issued to newly appointed Key Management Personnel.

b Includes loan repayments by existing Key Management Personnel and loans to former Key Management Personnel.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 293


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


39 Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration
continued


No allowances for impairment were recognised in respect of loans to Key Management Personnel (or any connected person).


Deposits outstanding
2018 £m   2017 £m
As at 1 January   6.9   7.3
Deposits received during the year a   24.8   25.7
Deposits repaid during the year b   (24.8   )   (26.1)
As at 31 December   6.9   6.9

Notes


a   Includes deposits received from existing Key Management Personnel and new or existing deposits
received from newly appointed Key Management Personnel.


b   Includes deposits repaid by existing Key Management Personnel and deposits of former Key
Management Personnel.

Total commitments outstanding


Total commitments outstanding refers to the total of any undrawn amounts on credit cards and/or overdraft facilities provided to Key Management
Personnel. Total commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2018 were £0.9m (2017: £0.3m).

All loans to Key Management
Personnel (and persons connected to them), (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable transactions
with other persons and (c) did not involve more than a normal risk of collectability or present other unfavourable features.


Remuneration of Key Management Personnel

Total remuneration awarded to Key Management Personnel below represents the awards made to individuals that have been approved by the Board Remuneration Committee as part of the latest remuneration decisions, and is consistent with
the approach adopted for disclosures set out on pages 53 to 80. Costs recognised in the income statement reflect the accounting charge for the year included within operating expenses. The difference between the values awarded and the recognised
income statement charge principally relates to the recognition of deferred costs for prior year awards. Figures are provided for the period that individuals met the definition of Key Management Personnel.


2018 £m   2017 £m
Salaries and other short-term benefits   33.0   33.9
Pension costs   –   0.1
Other long-term benefits   7.6   18.4
Share-based payments   16.2   26.8
Employer social security charges on emoluments   7.5   9.6
Costs recognised for accounting purposes   64.3   88.8
Employer social security charges on emoluments   (7.5   )   (9.6)
Other long-term benefits – difference between awards granted and costs recognised   2.8   (9.8)
Share-based payments – difference between awards granted and costs recognised   0.7   (11.7)
Total remuneration awarded   60.3   57.7
Disclosure required by the Companies Act 2006
The following information regarding the Barclays PLC Board of Directors is presented in accordance with the Companies
Act 2006:
2018 £m   2017 £m
Aggregate emoluments a   9.0   8.5
Amounts paid under LTIPs b   0.9   1.1
9.9   9.6

Notes


a   The aggregate emoluments include amounts paid for the 2018 year. In addition, deferred share
awards for 2018 with a total value at grant of £1m (2017: £1m) will be made to James E Staley and Tushar Morzaria which will only vest subject to meeting certain conditions.


b   The figure above for ‘Amounts paid under LTIPs’ in 2018 relates to an LTIP award that
was released to Tushar Morzaria in 2018. Dividend shares released on the award are excluded. The LTIP figure in the single total figure table for executive Directors’ 2018 remuneration in the Directors’ Remuneration report relates to the
award that is scheduled to be released in 2019 in respect of the 2016–2018 LTIP cycle.

There were no pension
contributions paid to defined contribution schemes on behalf of Directors (2017: nil). There were no notional pension contributions to defined contribution schemes.


As at 31 December 2018, there were no Directors accruing benefits under a defined benefit scheme (2017: nil).


Directors’ and Officers’ shareholdings and options


The beneficial ownership of ordinary share capital of Barclays PLC by all Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC (involving 24 persons) at


31 December 2018 amounted to 18,884,023 (2017: 12,460,877) ordinary shares of 25p each (0.11% of the ordinary share capital
outstanding).

As at 31 December 2018, executive Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC (involving 11 persons) held options to purchase a
total of 6,000 (2017: 6,000) Barclays PLC ordinary shares of 25p each at a price of 120p under Sharesave.

Advances and credit to
Directors and guarantees on behalf of Directors

In accordance with Section 413 of the Companies Act 2006, the total amount of
advances and credits made available in 2018 to persons who served as Directors during the year was £0.4m (2017: £0.2m). The total value of guarantees entered into on behalf of Directors during 2018 was nil (2017: nil).


294 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


40 Auditors’ remuneration

Auditors’ remuneration is included within consultancy, legal and professional fees in administration and general expenses and comprises:


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Audit of the Barclays Group’s annual accounts   8   11   14
Other services:
Audit of the Company’s subsidiaries a   32   27   27
Other audit related fees b   9   8   4
Other services c   2   2   4
Total Auditors’ remuneration   51   48   49

Notes


a   Comprises the fees for the statutory audit of subsidiaries both inside and outside the UK and fees
for work performed by associates of KPMG or PwC in respect of the consolidated financial statements of the Company.


b   Comprises services in relation to statutory and regulatory filings. These include audit services
for the review of the interim financial information under the Listing Rules of the UK listing authority.


c   Includes consultation on tax matters, tax advice relating to transactions and other tax planning
and advice.

KPMG became the Barclays Group’s principal Auditor in 2017. PwC was the principal Auditor in 2016.


The figures shown in the above table relate to fees paid to KPMG or PwC as principal Auditor, of which the fees paid in relation to
discontinued operations were £nil (KPMG 2017: £4m, PwC 2016: £12m).

Under SEC regulations, the remuneration of our
auditors is required to be presented as follows: audit fees £45m (2017: £42m, 2016: £44m), audit-related fees £5m (2017: £4m, 2016: £1m), tax fees £nil (2017: £nil, 2016: £nil), and all other
fees £1m (2017: £2m, 2016: £4m).

41 Discontinued operations and assets included in disposal groups classified as
held for sale and associated liabilities


Accounting for
non-current
 assets held for sale and associated liabilities

The
Barclays Group applies IFRS 5
Non-current
 Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


Non-current
 assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale
when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than continuing use. In order to be classified as held for sale, the asset must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to
terms that are usual and customary and the sale must be highly probable.
Non-current
 assets (or disposal groups) held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.


A component of the Barclays Group that has either been disposed of or is classified
as held for sale is presented as a discontinued operation if it represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of the separate major line or geographical area of
operations, or if it is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to
re-sale.


Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale
2018 £m   2017 £m
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   –   3
Loans and advances at amortised cost   –   1,164
Property, plant and equipment   –   26
Total assets included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale   –   1,193

Discontinued operation


Following the reduction of the Barclays Group’s interest in BAGL in 2017, the Barclays Group’s remaining holding of 14.9%, as at
31 December 2018 is reported as a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income in the Head Office division, with the Barclays Group’s share of BAGL’s dividend recognised in the Head Office income statement.


Prior to the disposal of shares on 1 June 2017, BAGL met the requirements for presentation as a discontinued operation. As such,
the results, which have been presented as the profit after tax and
non-controlling
 interest in respect of the discontinued operation on the face of the Barclays Group’s income statement, are analysed in
the income statement below. The income statement, statement of other comprehensive income and cash flow statement below represent five months of results as a discontinued operation to 31 May 2017, compared to the full year ended
31 December 2016.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 295


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


41 Discontinued operations and assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
continued


Barclays Africa disposal group income statement
For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net interest income   –   1,024   2,169
Net fee and commission income   –   522   1,072
Net trading income   –   149   281
Net investment income   –   30   45
Other income   –   145   370
Total income   –   1,870   3,937
Net claims and benefits incurred on insurance
contracts   –   (84   )   (191   )
Total income net of insurance claims   –   1,786   3,746
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   –   (177   )   (445   )
Net operating income   –   1,609   3,301
Staff costs   –   (586   )   (1,186   )
Administration and general expenses a   –   (1,634   )   (1,224   )
Operating expenses   –   (2,220   )   (2,410   )
Share of post-tax results of
associates and joint ventures   –   5   6
(Loss)/profit before tax   –   (606   )   897
Taxation   –   (154   )   (306   )
(Loss)/profit after tax b   –   (760   )   591
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   –   (900   )   189
Non-controlling interests   –   140   402
(Loss)/profit after tax b   –   (760   )   591


Notes


a   Includes impairment of £nil (2017: £1,090m, 2016: £nil).


b   Total loss in respect of the discontinued operation incurred in 2017, was £2,195m which
included the £60m loss on sale and £1,375m loss on recycling of other comprehensive loss on reserves.


Other comprehensive income relating to discontinued operations is as follows:


For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Available for sale assets   –   (3   )   (9   )
Currency translation reserves   –   (38   )   1,451
Cash flow hedge reserves   –   19   89
Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax from discontinued
operations   –   (22   )   1,531
The cash flows attributed to the
discontinued operation are as follows:
For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net cash flows from operating activities   –   540   1,164
Net cash flows from investing activities   –   (245   )   (691   )
Net cash flows from financing activities   –   (165   )   (105   )
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash
equivalents   –   (29   )   37
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   –   101   405


296 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


42 Transition disclosures


Impairment allowance reconciliations

Reconciliation from IAS 39 to IFRS 9 – financial assets under IFRS 9 subject to an increase in impairment allowance


The table below reconciles the closing impairment allowances for financial assets in accordance with IAS 39, and provisions for loan commitments and
financial guarantee contracts in accordance with IAS 37
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
 as at 31 December 2017, and the opening impairment allowances determined in accordance with IFRS 9 as at 1 January
2018.

Reconciliation of impairment allowance and provisions


As at   As at
31 December   1 January
2017   2018
Impairment
allowance under
IAS 39 or   Additional IFRS 9   Impairment
provisions   Reclassification   impairment   allowance
under IAS 37   impact   allowance   under IFRS 9
£m   £m   £m   £m
Loans and advances at amortised cost and other assets a   4,652   (52   )   2,508   7,108
Available for sale investments/financial assets at
fair value through other comprehensive income   38   (38   )   3   3
Total on-balance sheet   4,690   (90   )   2,511   7,111
Provision for undrawn contractually committed
facilities and guarantee contracts   79   –   341   420
Total impairment and provision   4,769   (90   )   2,852   7,531


Note


a   Includes impairment of £5m for cash collateral and settlement balances and £1m for
other assets.


◾   The introduction of IFRS 9 increased the total impairment allowance held by Barclays by
£2.76bn, from £4.8bn as at 31 December 2017 to £7.5bn as at 1 January 2018, as a result of earlier recognition of impairment allowances.


◾   The reclassification impact is due to assets moving to a fair value through income statement
treatment that do not have an impairment allowance under IFRS 9.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 297


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


42 Transition disclosures
continued


Balance sheet movement – impact of transition to IFRS 9 and IFRS 15

The table below presents the impact of
the changes to balance sheet presentation and of the transition to IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on Barclays PLC’s balance sheet showing separately the changes arising from reclassification and any associated remeasurement, and the impact of increased
impairment.


As at 31 December 2017   As at 31 December 2017   As at 1 January 2018
Assets   IAS 39 measurement category   IFRS 9 measurement category   Published IAS 39 carrying amount £m   Balance sheet present- ation changes £m   Revised IAS 39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 present- ation change £m   IFRS 9 classification and measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS
9 carrying amount £m
Cash and balances at central banks   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   171,082   –   171,082   –   –   –   –   171,082
Items in the course of collection from other banks   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   2,153   (2,153   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Loans and advances to banks   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   35,663   (35,663   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Loans and advances to customers   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   365,552   (365,552   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Cash collateral and settlement balances   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   –   77,168   77,168   –   –   (2,389   )   (5   )   74,774
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   –   324,048   324,048   –   5,109   (9,467   )   (2,502   )   317,188
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   12,546   –   12,546   –   –   (11,949   )   –   597
Trading portfolio assets   FVTPL   FVTPL   113,760   –   113,760   –   –   413   –   114,173
Financial assets designated at fair value   FVTPL   FVTPL   116,281   (116,281   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement a   FVTPL   FVTPL   –   116,281   116,281   –   –   23,930   –   140,211
Derivative financial instruments   FVTPL   FVTPL   237,669   –   237,669   –   –   –   –   237,669
Financial investments   AFS – debt instruments   FVOCI   52,020   –   52,020   –   (50,886   )   (1,134   )   –   –
Financial investments   AFS – equity instruments   FVOCI   1,787   –   1,787   –   (1,419   )   (367   )   –   –
Financial investments   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   5,109   –   5,109   –   (5,109   )   –   –   –
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   AFS   FVOCI   –   –   –   –   52,305   936   –   53,241
Investments in associates and joint ventures   N/A   N/A   718   –   718   –   –   (19   )   –   699
Goodwill and intangible assets   N/A   N/A   7,849   –   7,849   –   –   –   –   7,849
Property, plant and equipment   N/A   N/A   2,572   –   2,572   –   –   –   –   2,572
Current tax assets   N/A   N/A   482   –   482   –   –   –   –   482
Deferred tax assets   N/A   N/A   3,457   –   3,457   (22   )   –   –   649   4,084
Retirement benefit assets   N/A   N/A   966   –   966   –   –   –   –   966
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   2,389   (2,389   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Other assets   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   –   4,542   4,542   89   –   31   (1   )   4,661
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for
sale   N/A   N/A   1,193   –   1,193   –   –   –   –   1,193
Total assets   1,133,248   –   1,133,248   67   –   (15   )   (1,859   )   1,131,441

Note


a   Comprised of mandatory fair value assets of £130.2bn and designated fair value assets of
£10.0bn.


298 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


42 Transition disclosures
continued


As at 31 December 2017   As at 31 December 2017   As at 1 January 2018
Liabilities   IAS 39 measurement category   IFRS 9 measurement category   Published IAS
39 carrying amount £m   Balance sheet present- ation changes £m   Revised IAS
39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 present- ation change £m   IFRS 9 classification and measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS
9 carrying amount £m
Deposits from banks   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   37,723   (37,723   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Deposits at amortised cost   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   –   398,701   398,701   –   –   (18,860   )   –   379,841
Items in the course of collection   Amortised   Amortised
due to other banks   cost   cost   446   (446   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Customer accounts   Amortised cost   Amortised cost   429,121   (429,121   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Cash collateral and settlement   Amortised   Amortised
balances   cost   cost   –   68,143   68,143   –   –   (2,218   )   –   65,925
Repurchase agreements and other   Amortised   Amortised
similar secured borrowing   cost   cost   40,338   –   40,338   –   –   (25,285   )   –   15,053
Debt securities in issue   Amortised   Amortised
cost   cost   73,314   –   73,314   –   –   –   –   73,314
Subordinated liabilities   Amortised   Amortised
cost   cost   23,826   –   23,826   –   –   –   –   23,826
Trading portfolio liabilities   FVTPL   FVTPL   37,351   –   37,351   –   –   –   –   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   FVTPL   FVTPL   173,718   –   173,718   –   –   46,365   –   220,083
Derivative financial instruments   FVTPL   FVTPL   238,345   –   238,345   –   –   –   –   238,345
Current tax liabilities   N/A   N/A   586   –   586   –   –   –   –   586
Deferred tax liabilities   N/A   N/A   44   –   44   –   –   –   –   44
Retirement benefit liabilities   N/A   N/A   312   –   312   –   –   –   –   312
Accruals, deferred income and   Amortised   Amortised
other liabilities   cost   cost   8,565   (8,565   )   –   –   –   –   –   –
Other liabilities   Amortised   Amortised
cost   cost   –   9,011   9,011   –   –   –   –   9,011
Provisions   N/A   N/A   3,543   –   3,543   –   –   –   341   3,884
Total liabilities   1,067,232   –   1,067,232   –   –   2   341   1,067,575
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   N/A   N/A   22,045   –   22,045   –   –   –   –   22,045
Other reserves   N/A   N/A   5,383   –   5,383   –   –   (139   )   3   5,247
Retained earnings   N/A   N/A   27,536   –   27,536   67   –   122   (2,203   )   25,522
Other equity instruments   N/A   N/A   8,941   –   8,941   –   –   –   –   8,941
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   N/A   N/A   63,905   –   63,905   67   –   (17   )   (2,200   )   61,755
Non-controlling interests   N/A   N/A   2,111   –   2,111   –   –   –   –   2,111
Total equity   66,016   –   66,016   67   –   (17   )   (2,200   )   63,866
Total liabilities and equity   1,133,248   –   1,133,248   67   –   (15   )   (1,859   )   1,131,441

Balance sheet and IFRS 9 presentation changes


The following voluntary changes in presentation have been made as a result of the review of accounting presentation following the adoption of


IFRS 9, and is expected to provide more relevant information to the users of the financial statements. These presentational changes have
no effect on the measurement of these items and therefore had no impact on retained earnings or profit for any period. The effect of these presentational changes on transition are noted below:


◾   ‘Items in the course of collection from other banks’ and ‘prepayments, accrued income
and other assets’ are reported in ‘other assets’. Equally, ‘items in the course of collection due to other banks’ and ‘accruals, deferred income and other liabilities’ are reported in ‘other liabilities’


◾   ‘Loans and advances to banks’ and ‘loans and advances to customers’ have been
disaggregated and are now reported in ‘loans and advances at amortised cost’ and ‘cash collateral and settlement balances’


◾   ‘Deposits from banks’ and ‘customer accounts’ have been disaggregated and are now
reported in ‘deposits at amortised cost’ and ‘cash collateral and settlement balances’


◾   ‘Financial assets designated at fair value’ are now reported within ‘financial assets
at fair value through the income statement’


◾   The majority of available for sale assets which were previously reported in ‘financial
investments’ are now reported in ‘financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income’


◾   Held to maturity assets which were previously reported in ‘financial investments’ are now
reported in ‘loans and advances at amortised cost’.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 299


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


42 Transition disclosures
continued


IFRS 15 impact

On adoption of IFRS 15, Barclays Group changed its accounting treatment in relation to certain
costs incurred in obtaining contracts with credit card customers. The costs of acquiring such contracts had previously been recognised as operating expenses when they were incurred. The adoption of IFRS 15 has resulted in the costs being capitalised
as a cost to obtain an asset and recognised within ‘other assets’ on the balance sheet. The asset will be amortised over the expected life of the customer relationship, with the corresponding expense recognised in the income statement. The
cumulative effect of the change as of 1 January 2018 was an increase to retained earnings of £67m and the recognition of an asset of £89m. There were no other material changes to fee recognition from the adoption of IFRS 15.


IFRS 9 classification and measurement

This column represents the changes to the balance sheet from classification and measurement. The net effect is a decrease in shareholders’ equity of £17m, with no significant offsetting movements. The classification
changes include the transfer of certain Barclays International Prime Services and Equities business positions from an amortised cost to a fair value approach.


There are no other changes in measurement category.

IFRS 9 impairment change

Additional impairment from the adoption of IFRS 9 is shown in the impairment change
column. The increase in impairment results in the recognition of a deferred tax asset. The
post-tax
 impact is a reduction in shareholders’ equity of £2.2bn. Impairment allowance under IFRS 9
considers both the drawn and the undrawn counterparty exposure. For retail portfolios, the total impairment allowance is allocated to the drawn exposure to the extent that the allowance does not exceed the exposure. Any excess is reported on the
liability side of the balance sheet as a provision. For wholesale portfolios the impairment allowance on the undrawn exposure is reported on the liability side of the balance sheet as a provision.


Impact of IFRS 9 per financial statement line

The narrative below provides further granularity on the impact of changes to the balance sheet from the transition to IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on

Barclays PLC’s balance sheet as presented in the tables on pages 300 to 304. The analysis shows transfers between balance sheet lines arising from reclassification and any associated remeasurement, and the impact of increased
impairment. Further details are provided for balance sheet lines with multiple impacts.

Assets


Cash collateral and settlement balances – measured on an amortised cost basis


Transfer out: Balances of £2,389m are reclassified to ‘Financial assets at fair value through the income statement’ as a result of
the assessment of the business model. Balances are reclassified from amortised cost to fair value through profit and loss as the business model is classified as ‘Other’ rather than ‘Hold to Collect’ as the portfolio is risk
managed on a fair value basis.

Expected credit losses have decreased the balances by £5m.


Loans and advances at amortised cost

Transfer in: Held to maturity assets of £5,109m which were previously reported in ‘Financial Investments’ are reported in this balance sheet line. ‘Financial investments’ (available for sale) balances of
£653m, ‘Financial assets designated at fair value’ balances of £485m, and ‘Trading portfolio assets’ of £73m are reclassified to this balance sheet line following the assessment of the business model which is
classified as ‘Hold to Collect’ and meets the SPPI test. There has been a remeasurement impact of £29m due to reclassification to an amortised cost line from ‘Financial assets designated at fair value’.


Transfer out: Balances of £9,279m are reclassified to ‘Financial assets mandatory at fair value’, balances of £478m moved to
‘Trading portfolio assets’, and balances of £15m reclassified to ‘Financial assets designated at fair value’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Other’ rather than
‘Hold to Collect’. The balances are subsequently measured on a fair value basis rather than amortised cost. In addition, balances of £936m are reclassified to ‘Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect and Sell’ and meets the SPPI test.

Expected credit losses have decreased the balance by £2,502m.


As at 31 December 2017   As at 1 January 2018
Revised IAS 39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 presentation changes £m   IFRS 9 classification £m   IFRS 9 measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS 9 carrying amount £m
Loans and advances at amortised cost
Opening balance   324,048   324,048
Transfer in:
– From financial investments (held to maturity)   –   –   5,109   –   –   –   5,109
– From financial investments (available for sale)   –   –   –   653   –   –   653
– From financial assets designated at fair value   –   –   –   485   29   –   514
– From trading portfolio assets   –   –   –   73   –   –   73
Transfer out:   –
– To financial assets mandatory at fair value   –   –   –   (9,279   )   –   –   (9,279   )
– To financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   –   –   –   (936   )   –   –   (936   )
– To trading portfolio assets   –   –   –   (478   )   –   –   (478   )
– To financial assets designated at fair value   –   –   –   (15   )   –   –   (15   )
Increase in expected credit losses   –   –   –   –   –   (2,502   )   (2,502   )
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   324,048   –   5,109   (9,497   )   29   (2,502   )   317,188


300 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


42 Transition disclosures
continued


Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending – measured on an amortised cost basis


Transfer out: Balances of £11,949m are reclassified to ‘Financial assets at fair value through the income statement’ as a result of
the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Other’ rather than ‘Hold to Collect’. The balances are subsequently measured on a fair value basis rather than amortised cost.


Trading portfolio assets – measured on a fair value basis


Transfer in: Balances from ‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ of £478m, ‘Financial Investments’ of £10m, and
‘Financial assets mandatory at fair value’ of £9m are reclassified to this balance sheet line as a result of the assessment of the business model in accordance with IFRS 9. There has been a remeasurement impact of £11m due to
reclassification from an amortised cost basis.

Transfer out: Balances of £73m are reclassified to ‘Loans and advances at
amortised cost’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect’ and meets the SPPI test.

Financial assets at fair value through the income statement

Balances of £105,844m are moved to
‘Financial assets mandatory at fair value’ for presentational purposes and in accordance with IFRS 9.

Transfer in: Balances of
£15m from ‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ are elected to ‘Financial assets designated at fair value’. ‘Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending’ balances of £11,949m,
‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ balances of £9,279m and ‘Cash collateral and settlement balances’ of £2,389m are reclassified to this balance sheet line as a result of the assessment of the business model which
is classified as ‘Other’ rather than ‘Hold to Collect’. The balances are subsequently measured on a fair value basis rather than amortised cost. There has been a remeasurement impact of £14m due to reclassification from an
amortised cost basis. Balances of £838m are reclassified from ‘Financial investments (available for sale)’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Other’ rather than ‘Hold to Collect
and Sell’. The balances are subsequently measured on a fair value basis rather than amortised cost.

Transfer out: Balances of
£485m are reclassified to ‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect’ and meets the SPPI test. In addition, balances of £31m and
£9m are reclassified to ‘Other assets’ and ‘Trading portfolio assets’ as a result of the assessment of the business model in accordance with IFRS 9.


As at 31 December 2017   As at 1 January 2018
Revised IAS 39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 presentation changes £m   IFRS 9 classification £m   IFRS 9 measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS
9 carrying amount £m
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement
Financial assets designated at fair value
Opening balance   116,281   116,281
Transfer in:
– From loans and advances at amortised cost   –   –   –   15   –   –   15
Transfer out:
– To financial assets mandatory at fair value   –   –   (105,844   )   –   –   –   (105,844   )
– To loans and advances at amortised cost   –   –   –   (485   )   –   –   (485   )
Financial assets mandatory at fair value
Transfer in:
– From financial assets designated at fair value   –   –   105,844   –   –   –   105,844
– From reverse repurchase agreements   –   –   –   11,949   –   –   11,949
– From loans and advances at amortised cost   –   –   –   9,279   (14   )   –   9,265
– From cash collateral and settlement balances   –   –   –   2,389   –   –   2,389
– From financial investments (available for sale)   –   –   –   838   –   –   838
Transfer out:
– To other assets   –   –   –   (31   )   –   –   (31   )
– To trading portfolio assets   –   –   –   (9   )   –   –   (9   )
Total financial assets at fair value through the income
statement   116,281   –   –   23,944   (14   )   –   140,211

Financial investments


Transfer out: The Barclays Group has elected to apply the fair value through other comprehensive income option under IFRS 9 for the value of
£52,305m with balances moving to ‘Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income’. Balances of £838m are reclassified to ‘Financial assets at fair value through the income statement’ and balances of
£10m reclassified to ‘Trading portfolio assets’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Other’ rather than ‘Hold to Collect’. Balances of £653m are reclassified to
‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect’ and meets the SPPI test.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 301


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


42 Transition disclosures
continued

From a presentational basis, Held to maturity assets of £5,109m are now reported in ‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’.


As at 31 December 2017   As at 1 January 2018
Revised IAS 39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 presentation changes £m   IFRS 9 classification £m   IFRS 9 measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS 9 carrying amount £m
Financial investments
Available for sale (measured at fair value)
Opening balance   53,807   53,807
Transfer out:
–  To financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income   –   –   (52,305   )   –   –   –   (52,305   )
–  To other financial assets at fair value through the income
statement   –   –   –   (838   )   –   –   (838   )
–  To trading portfolio assets   –   –   –   (10   )   –   –   (10   )
–  To loans and advances at amortised cost   –   –   –   (653   )   –   –   (653   )
Held to maturity (measured at amortised cost)
Opening balance   5,109   5,109
Transfer out:
–  To loans and advances at
amortised cost   –   –   (5,109   )   –   –   –   (5,109   )
Total financial investments   58,916   –   (57,414   )   (1,501   )   –   –   –

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income


Transfer in: As above, Barclays has applied the fair value through other comprehensive income option under IFRS 9 for the value of £52,305m.
Balances of £936m are reclassified from ‘Loans and advances at amortised cost’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect and Sell’ and meets the SPPI test.


Investments in associates and joint ventures

The adoption of IFRS 9 on associates and joint ventures results in a lower Barclays Group share of profit and loss, thereby decreasing the investment by £19m.


Deferred tax assets

The
balance has increased by £627m due to the tax impact of expected credit losses of £649m, offset by £22m due to the impact of IFRS 15.

Other assets

Transfer in: Balances of £31m reclassified from ‘Financial assets at fair value through
the income statement’ as a result of the assessment of the business model which is classified as ‘Hold to Collect’ and meets the SPPI test.

In addition, the balance increased by £89m due to the impact of IFRS 15.

Expected credit losses have decreased
the balance by £1m.

Liabilities

Deposits at amortised cost

Transfer out: Balances of £18,860m are reclassified to ‘Financial
liabilities designated at fair value’ as a result of trades that are linked to assets for accounting symmetry.

Cash collateral
and settlement balances – measured on an amortised cost basis

Transfer out: Balances of £2,218m are reclassified to
‘Financial liabilities designated at fair value’ as a result of trades that are linked to assets for accounting symmetry.


Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing – measured on an amortised cost basis


Transfer out: Balances of £25,285m are reclassified to ‘Financial liabilities designated at fair value’ as a result of trades that
are linked to assets for accounting symmetry.

Financial liabilities designated at fair value


Transfer in: ‘Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing’ balances of £25,285m, ‘Deposits at amortised
cost’ balances of £18,860m, and ‘Cash collateral and settlement balances’ of £2,218m reclassified to this balance sheet line as a result of trades that are linked to assets for accounting symmetry. There has been a
remeasurement impact of £2m due to reclassification from ‘Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing’ on an amortised cost basis.


302 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


42 Transition disclosures
continued


As at   As at
31 December   1 January
2017   2018
Revised IAS 39 carrying amount £m   IFRS 15 impact £m   IFRS 9 presentation changes £m   IFRS 9 classification £m   IFRS 9 measurement £m   IFRS 9 impairment change £m   IFRS
9 carrying amount £m
Financial liabilities designated at fair value
Opening balance   173,718   173,718
Transfers in:
–  From repurchase agreements and other similar
secured borrowing   –   –   –   25,285   2   –   25,287
–  From deposits at amortised cost   –   –   –   18,860   –   –   18,860
–  From cash collateral and
settlement balances   –   –   –   2,218   –   –   2,218
Total financial liabilities designated at fair
value   173,718   –   –   46,363   2   –   220,083

Provisions

The balance has increased by £341m due to expected credit losses on off balance sheet provisions.

Equity


The adoption of IFRS 9 results in a credit moving from the Fair value through other comprehensive income reserve (formerly available
for sale reserve) to Retained earnings to reflect the cumulative impairment recognised in profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9 (net of impairment losses previously recognised in profit or loss under IAS 39). The amount transferred from
‘Other reserves’ to ‘Retained earnings’ was £139m. In addition, a £3m increase relates to expected credit losses on ‘Fair value through other comprehensive income’. The cumulative remeasurement due to
reclassification was £17m. The cumulative expected credit losses
(post-tax)
 recognised in ‘Retained earnings’ was £2,203m.


In addition, the balance increased by £67m due to the impact of IFRS 15.


As at   As at
31 December   1 January
2017   2018
Revised IAS 39   IFRS 9   IFRS 9   IFRS 9
carrying   IFRS 15   presentation   IFRS 9   IFRS 9   impairment   carrying
amount   impact   changes   classification   measurement   change   amount
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Other reserves
Opening balance   5,383   5,383
Transfers out:
–  To retained earnings   –   –   –   (139   )   –   –   (139   )
Increase in expected credit losses   –   –   –   –   –   3   3
Total other reserves   5,383   –   –   (139   )   –   3   5,247


As at   As at
31 December   1 January
2017   2018
Revised IAS 39   IFRS 9   IFRS 9   IFRS 9
carrying   IFRS 15   presentation   IFRS 9   IFRS 9   impairment   carrying
amount   impact   changes   classification   measurement   change   amount
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Retained earnings
Opening balance   27,536   27,536
Increases/(decreases):
From other reserves   –   –   –   139   –   –   139
Remeasurement due to reclassifications   –   –   –   (17   )   –   –   (17   )
Increases due to IFRS 15   –   67   –   –   –   –   67
Impairment (after tax)   –   –   –   –   –   (2,203   )   (2,203   )
Total retained earnings   27,536   67   –   122   –   (2,203   )   25,522

Reclassification to amortised cost


The following table shows the effects of the reclassification of financial assets and financial liabilities from IAS 39 categories into the
amortised cost category under IFRS 9. The table shows the fair value gains or losses that would have been recognised had these balances not been reclassified to amortised cost.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 303


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


42 Transition disclosures
continued


As at 31 December 2018   Total £m
From available for sale financial assets under IAS 39
Fair value as at 31 December 2018   490
Fair value loss that would have been recognised for the year ended
31 December 2018 in other comprehensive income if the financial assets had not been reclassified   (1   )
From financial assets at fair value through the income statement under IAS 39
Fair value as at 31 December 2018   489
Fair value gain that would have been recognised for the year ended 31 December 2018 in profit or loss
if the financial assets had not been reclassified   4
Effective interest rate determined on the date of initial application   1.81%
Interest income recognised for the year ended 31 December
2018   9


◾   The balance as at 31 December 2018 of £490m reflects a decrease since transition due to
disposals of assets of £162m during the year and a fair value decrease of £1m (1 January 2018: £653m). The majority of the balance is related to the Municipals portfolio that contains highly rated floating rate bonds measured at
par with no fair value impact. The fair value loss that would have been recognised is £1m related to collateralised mortgage obligations.


◾   The balance as at 31 December 2018 of £489m is mainly related to the ESHLA portfolio. The
fair value gain that would have been recognised for the period was £4m (1 January 2018: £485).

43
Barclays PLC (the Parent company)

Total income


Dividends received from subsidiaries

Dividends received from subsidiaries of £15,360m (2017: £674m, 2016: £621m) primarily includes a dividend in specie, representing the transfer of the holding in Barclays Bank UK PLC from Barclays Bank PLC to
Barclays PLC, as well as ordinary dividends from subsidiaries.

Other income


Other income of £923m (2017: £690m, 2016: £334m) includes £752m (2017: £639m, 2016: £457m) of income received
from gross coupon payments on Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC issued AT1 securities.


Non-current
 assets and liabilities


Investment in subsidiaries


The investment in subsidiaries of £57,374m (2017: £39,354m) predominantly relates to investments made into Barclays Bank PLC and
Barclays Bank UK PLC. This further includes investments in AT1 securities of £9,666m (2017: £8,986m). The increase of £18,020m during the year was predominantly driven by the £14,025m holding in Barclays Bank UK PLC, capital
contributions into Barclays Bank PLC totalling £3,046m and a net increase in AT1 securities of £680m.

Subordinated
liabilities and debt securities in issue

During the period, Barclays PLC issued $7,000m of Fixed and Floating Rate Senior Notes,
€
1,805m Fixed Rate Senior Notes, £1,500m Fixed Rate Senior Notes, ¥147,600m Fixed Rate Bonds, AUD 600m Fixed and Floating Rate Senior Debt and CHF175m Fixed Rate Senior Debt
within the debt securities in issue balance of £32,373m (2017: £22,110m). Barclays PLC did not issue any subordinated liabilities in the period.

Financial assets at fair value through the income statement

The financial assets at fair value through the
income statement relate to loans made to subsidiaries of the Barclays Group. These include a feature that allows for the loan to be written down in whole or in part by the borrower only in the event that the liabilities of the subsidiary would
otherwise exceed its assets. Following the implementation of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, loans that were treated as available for sale assets were reclassified as financial assets held at fair value through the income statement.


Derivative financial instruments

The derivative financial instrument of £168m (2017: £161m) held by the Parent company represents Barclays PLC’s right to receive a Capital Note for no additional consideration, in the event the Barclays PLC
consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) falls below 7% at which point the notes are automatically assigned by the holders to Barclays PLC.


Management of internal investments, loans and advances


Barclays PLC retains the discretion to manage the nature of its internal investments in its subsidiaries according to their regulatory and business
needs. Barclays PLC may invest capital and funding into Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Bank UK PLC and other Barclays Group subsidiaries such as the Group Service Company and the US Intermediate Holding Company (IHC). In June 2018 the Bank of England
published its updated statement of policy on “The Bank of England’s approach to setting a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)”. Accordingly, during the course of December 2018, Barclays restructured
certain investments in subsidiaries, including subordinating internal MREL instruments beneath operating liabilities, to the extent required to achieve compliance with internal MREL requirements which are in effect from 1 January 2019.


Total equity


Called up share capital and share premium of Barclays PLC was £4,311m (2017: £22,045m). Other equity instruments of £9,633m (2017:
£8,943m) comprises AT1 securities. For further details, refer to Note 29.

Share premium


On 11 September 2018, the High Court of Justice in England and Wales confirmed the cancellation of the share premium account of Barclays PLC,
with the balance of £17,873m credited to retained earnings.

Other reserves


As a result of the adoption of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018, the available for sale reserve of £86m has been transferred to retained
earnings.

Retained earnings

Following the capital reorganisation and receipt of a dividend in specie from Barclays Bank PLC representing its holding in Barclays Bank UK PLC, retained earnings have increased from £7,737m to £39,842m in the period.


304 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Shareholder information


Additional shareholder information

Articles of Association

Barclays PLC (the “Company”) is a public limited company registered in England
and Wales under company number 48839. Barclays, originally named Barclay & Company Limited, was incorporated in England and Wales on 20 July 1896 under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1890 as a company limited by shares. The company name
was changed to Barclays Bank Limited on 17 February 1917 and it was registered on 15 February 1982 as a public limited company under the Companies Acts 1948 to 1980. On 1 January 1985, the company changed its name to Barclays PLC.


Under the Companies Act 2006 a company’s Memorandum of Association now need only contain the names of the subscribers and the
number of shares each subscriber has agreed to take. For companies in existence as of 1 October 2009, all other provisions which were contained in the company’s Memorandum of Association, including the company’s objects, are now
deemed to be contained in the company’s articles. The Companies Act 2006 also states that a company’s objects are unrestricted unless the company’s articles provide otherwise.


The Articles of Association were adopted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 30 April 2010 and amended at the
AGM of the Company on 25 April 2013.

The following is a summary and explanation of the current Articles of Association, which are
available for inspection.

Directors

(i) The minimum number of Directors (excluding alternate Directors) is five. There is no maximum limit. There is no age limit for Directors.


(ii) Excluding executive remuneration and any other entitlement to remuneration for extra services (including service on board committees) under
the Articles, a Director is entitled to a fee at a rate determined by the Board but the aggregate fees paid to all Directors shall not exceed £2,000,000 per annum or such higher amount as may be approved by an ordinary resolution of the
Company. Each Director is entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by him/her in or about the performance of his/her duties.


(iii) No Director may act (either himself/herself or through his/her firm) as an auditor of the Company. A Director may hold any other office of
the Company on such terms as the Board shall determine.

(iv) At each AGM of the Company, one third of the Directors (rounded down) are
required under the Articles of Association to retire from office by rotation and may offer themselves for
re-election.
 The Directors so retiring are first, those who wish to retire and not offer themselves for

re-election,
 and, second those who have been longest in office (and in the case of equality of service length are selected by lot). Other than a retiring Director, no person shall (unless recommended by the
Board) be eligible for election unless a member notifies the Company Secretary in advance of his/her intention to propose a person for election. It is Barclays’ practice that all Directors offer themselves for

re-election
 annually in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code.

(v) The Board has the
power to appoint additional Directors or to fill a casual vacancy amongst the Directors. Any Director so appointed holds office until the next AGM, when he/she may offer himself/herself for reappointment. He/she is not taken into account in
determining the number of Directors retiring by rotation.

(vi)The Board may appoint any Director to any executive position or
employment in the Company on such terms as they determine.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 305


Additional information


(vii)The Company may by ordinary resolution remove a Director before the expiry of his/her period of office (without prejudice to a claim for
damages for breach of contract or otherwise) and may by ordinary resolution appoint another person who is willing to act to be a Director in his/her place.

(viii) A Director may appoint either another Director or some other person approved by the Board to act as his/her alternate with power to attend Board meetings and generally to exercise the functions of the appointing Director in
his/her absence (other than the power to appoint an alternate).

(ix) The Board may authorise any matter in relation to which a Director
has, or can have, a direct interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict with, the Company’s interests. Only Directors who have no interest in the matter being considered will be able to authorise the relevant matter and they may impose
limits or conditions when giving authorisation if they think this is appropriate.

(x) A Director may hold positions with or be
interested in other companies and, subject to legislation applicable to the Company and the FCA’s requirements, may contract with the Company or any other company in which the Company is interested. A Director may not vote or count towards the
quorum on any resolution concerning any proposal in which he/she (or any person connected with him/her) has a material interest (other than by virtue of his/her interest in securities of the Company) or if he/she has a duty which conflicts or may
conflict with the interests of the Company, unless the resolution relates to any proposal:

(a) to indemnify a Director or provide
him/her with a guarantee or security in respect of money lent by him/her to, or any obligation incurred by him/her or any other person for the benefit of (or at the request of), the Company (or any other member of the Group);


(b) to indemnify or give security or a guarantee to a third party in respect of a debt or obligation of the Company (or any other member of the
Group) for which the Director has personally assumed responsibility;

(c) to obtain insurance for the benefit of Directors;


(d) involving the acquisition by a Director of any securities of the Company (or any other member of the Group) pursuant to an offer to existing
holders of securities or to the public;

(e) that the Director underwrite any issue of securities of the Company (or any other member of
the Group);

(f) concerning any other company in which the Director is interested as an officer or creditor or Shareholder but, broadly,
only if he/she (together with his/her connected persons) is directly or indirectly interested in less than 1% of either any class of the issued equity share capital or of the voting rights of that company; and


(g) concerning any other arrangement for the benefit of employees of the Company (or any other member of the Group) under which the Director
benefits or stands to benefit in a similar manner to the employees concerned and which does not give the Director any advantage which the employees to whom the arrangement relates would not receive.


(xi) A Director may not vote or be counted in the quorum on any resolution which concerns his/her own employment or appointment to any office of
the Company or any other company in which the Company is interested.

(xii) Subject to applicable legislation, the provisions described
in
sub-paragraphs
 (x) and (xi) may be relaxed or suspended by an ordinary resolution of the members of the Company or any applicable governmental or other regulatory body.


(xiii) A Director is required to hold an interest in ordinary shares having a nominal value of at least £500, which currently equates to
2,000 Ordinary Shares unless restricted from acquiring or holding such interest by any applicable law or regulation or any applicable governmental or other regulatory body. A Director may act before acquiring those shares but must acquire the
qualification shares within two months from his/her appointment. Where a Director is unable to acquire the requisite number of shares within that time owing to law, regulation or requirement of any governmental or other relevant authority, he/she
must acquire the shares as soon as reasonably practicable once the restriction(s) end.


306 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


(xiv) The Board may exercise all of the powers of the Company to borrow money, to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital
and to issue debentures and other securities.

Classes of Shares


The Company only has Ordinary Shares in issue. The Articles of Association also provide for pound sterling preference shares of £100 each, US
dollar preference shares of US$100 each, US dollar preference shares of $0.25 each, euro preference shares of
€
100 each and yen preference shares of ¥10,000 each (together,
the “Preference Shares”). In accordance with the authority granted at the AGM on 25 April 2013, Preference Shares may be issued by the Board from time to time in one or more series with such rights and subject to such restrictions and
limitations as the Board may determine. No Preference Shares have been issued to date.

Dividends


Subject to the provisions of the Articles and applicable legislation, the Company in general meeting may declare dividends on the Ordinary Shares by
ordinary resolution, but any such dividend may not exceed the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may also pay interim or final dividends if it appears they are justified by the Company’s financial position.


Each Preference Share confers the right to a preferential dividend (“Preference Dividend”) payable in such currency at such rates
(whether fixed or calculated by reference to or in accordance with a specified procedure or mechanism), on such dates and on such other terms as may be determined by the Board prior to allotment thereof.


The Preference Shares rank in regard to payment of dividends in priority to the holders of Ordinary Shares and any other class of shares in the
Company ranking junior to the Preference Shares.

Dividends may be paid on the Preference Shares if, in the opinion of the Board, the
Company has sufficient distributable profits, after payment in full or the setting aside of a sum to provide for all dividends payable on (or in the case of shares carrying a cumulative right to dividends, before) the relevant dividend payment date
on any class of shares in the Company ranking pari passu with or in priority to the relevant series of Preference Shares as regards participation in the profits of the Company.


If the Board considers that the distributable profits of the Company available for distribution are insufficient to cover the payment in full of
Preference Dividends, Preference Dividends shall be paid to the extent of the distributable profits on a pro rata basis.


Notwithstanding the above, the Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine that any Preference Dividend which would otherwise be payable may
either not be payable at all or only payable in part.

If any Preference Dividend on a series of Preference Shares is not paid, or is
only paid in part, for the reasons described above, holders of Preference Shares will not have a claim in respect of such
non-payment.


If any dividend on a series of Preference Shares is not paid in full on the relevant dividend payment date, a dividend restriction shall apply. The
dividend restriction means that, subject to certain exceptions, neither the Company nor Barclays Bank may (a) pay a dividend on, or (b) redeem, purchase, reduce or otherwise acquire, any of their respective ordinary shares, other
preference shares or other share capital ranking equal or junior to the relevant series of Preference Shares until the earlier of such time as the Company next pays in full a dividend on the relevant series of Preference Shares or the date on which
all of the relevant series of Preference Shares are redeemed.

All unclaimed dividends payable in respect of any share may be invested
or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company until claimed. If a dividend is not claimed after 12 years of it becoming payable, it is forfeited and reverts to the Company.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 307


Additional information


The Board may, with the approval of an ordinary resolution of the Company, offer Shareholders the right to choose to receive an allotment of
additional fully paid Ordinary Shares instead of cash in respect of all or part of any dividend. The Company currently provides a scrip dividend programme pursuant to an authority granted at the AGM held on 25 April 2013.


Redemption and Purchase


Subject to applicable legislation and the rights of the other shareholders, any share may be issued on terms that it is, at the option of the
Company or the holder of such share, redeemable. The Directors are authorised to determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of any such shares under the Articles of Association.


Calls on capital

The
Directors may make calls upon the members in respect of any monies unpaid on their shares. A person upon whom a call is made remains liable even if the shares in respect of which the call is made have been transferred. Interest will be chargeable on
any unpaid amount called at a rate determined by the Board (of not more than 20% per annum).

If a member fails to pay any call in full
(following notice from the Board that such failure will result in forfeiture of the relevant shares), such shares (including any dividends declared but not paid) may be forfeited by a resolution of the Board, and will become the property of the
Company. Forfeiture shall not absolve a previous member for amounts payable by him/her (which may continue to accrue interest).

The
Company also has a lien over all partly paid shares of the Company for all monies payable or called on that share and over the debts and liabilities of a member to the Company. If any monies which are the subject of the lien remain unpaid after a
notice from the Board demanding payment, the Company may sell such shares.

Annual and other general meetings


The Company is required to hold an AGM in addition to such other general meetings as the Directors think fit. The type of the meeting will be
specified in the notice calling it. Under the Companies Act 2006, the AGM must be held within six months of the financial year end. A general meeting may be convened by the Board on requisition in accordance with the applicable legislation.


In the case of an AGM, a minimum of 21 clear days’ notice is required. The notice must be in writing and must specify the place,
the day and the hour of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be transacted. A notice convening a meeting to pass a special resolution shall specify the intention to propose the resolution as such. The accidental failure to give
notice of a general meeting or the
non-receipt
 of such notice will not invalidate the proceedings at such meeting.

Subject as noted above, all Shareholders are entitled to attend and vote at general meetings. The Articles do, however, provide that arrangements may be made for simultaneous attendance at a satellite meeting place or, if the
meeting place is inadequate to accommodate all members and proxies entitled to attend, another meeting place may be arranged to accommodate such persons other than that specified in the notice of meeting, in which case Shareholders may be excluded
from the principal place.

Holders of Preference Shares have no right to receive notice of, attend or vote at, any general meetings of
the Company as a result of holding Preference Shares.

Notices


A document or information may be sent by the Company in hard copy form, electronic form, by being made available on a website, or by another means
agreed with the recipient, in accordance with the provisions set out in the Companies Act 2006. Accordingly, a document or information may only be sent in electronic form to a person who has agreed to receive it in that form or, in the case of a
company, who has been deemed to have so agreed pursuant to applicable legislation. A document or information may only be sent by being made available on a website if the recipient has agreed to receive it in that form or has been deemed to have so
agreed pursuant to applicable legislation, and has not revoked that agreement.


308 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


In respect of joint holdings, documents or information shall be sent to the joint holder whose name stands first in the register.


A member who (having no registered address within the UK) has not supplied an address in the UK at which documents or information may be sent in
hard copy form, or an address to which notices, documents or information may be sent or supplied by electronic means, is not entitled to have documents or information sent to him/her.


In addition, the Company may cease to send notices to any member who has been sent documents on two consecutive occasions over a period of at least
12 months and when each of those documents is returned undelivered or notification is received that they have not been delivered.


Capitalisation of profits


The Company may, by ordinary resolution, upon the recommendation of the Board capitalise all or any part of an amount standing to the credit of a
reserve or fund to be set free for distribution provided that amounts from the share premium account, capital redemption reserve or any profits not available for distribution should be applied only in paying up unissued shares to be allotted to
members credited as fully paid and no unrealised profits shall be applied in paying up debentures of the Company or any amount unpaid on any share in the capital of the Company.


Indemnity

Subject to
applicable legislation, every current and former Director or other officer of the Company (other than any person engaged by the company as auditor) shall be indemnified by the Company against any liability in relation to the Company, other than
(broadly) any liability to the Company or a member of the Group, or any criminal or regulatory fine.


Officers of the Group   Date of Appointment as Officer
Ashok Vaswani   Chief Executive
Officer, Barclays UK   2012
Bob Hoyt   Group General
Counsel   2013
Tushar Morzaria   Group Finance
Director   2013
James E Staley   Group Chief
Executive Officer   2015
Tristram Roberts   Group Human
Resources Director   2015
Paul Compton   Group Chief
Operating Officer   2016
C S Venkatakrishnan   Group Chief Risk
Officer   2016
Tim Throsby   Chief Executive
Officer, Barclays International   2017
Stephen Shapiro   Company
Secretary   2017
Laura Padovani   Group Chief
Compliance Officer   2017


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 309


Additional information


Dividends on the ordinary shares of Barclays PLC

The dividends declared for each of the last five years were:


Pence per 25p ordinary share
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
Half year   2.50   1.00   1.00   3.00   3.00
Full year   4.00   2.00   2.00   3.50   3.50
Total   6.50   3.00   3.00   6.50   6.50
US Dollars per 25p ordinary share
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
Half year   0.03   0.01   0.01   0.05   0.05
Full year   0.05   0.02   0.02   0.05   0.05
Total   0.08   0.03   0.03   0.10   0.10
The gross dividends applicable to an American
Depositary Share (ADS) representing four ordinary shares, before deduction of withholding tax, are as follows:
US Dollars per American Depositary Share
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
Half year   0.13   0.05   0.05   0.18   0.18
Full year   0.21   0.10   0.10   0.20   0.22
Total   0.34   0.15   0.15   0.38   0.40

The final dividends shown above are expressed in Dollars translated at the closing spot rate for Pounds Sterling as
determined by Bloomberg at 5pm in New York City (the ‘Closing Spot Rate’) on the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report. No representation is made that Pounds Sterling amounts have been, or could have been, or could be,
converted into Dollars at these rates.

Trading market for ordinary shares of Barclays PLC


The principal trading market for Barclays PLC ordinary shares is the London Stock Exchange. At the close of business on 31 December 2018
17,132,806,284 ordinary shares were in issue.

Ordinary share listings were also obtained on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) with
effect from 9 September 1986. Trading on the NYSE is in the form of ADSs under the symbol ‘BCS’. Each ADS represents four ordinary shares and is evidenced by an American Depositary Receipt (ADR). The ADR depositary is JP Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A. Details of trading activity are published in the stock tables of leading daily newspapers in the US.

There were 461 ADR
holders and 1,640 recorded holders of ordinary shares with US addresses at 31 December 2018, whose shareholdings represented approximately 4.29% of total outstanding ordinary shares on that date. Since a certain number of the ordinary shares
and ADRs were held by brokers or other nominees, the number of recorded holders in the US may not be representative of the number of beneficial holders or of their country of residence.


310 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Shareholdings
at 31 December 2018 a
Number of shareholders   Percentage of holders   Shares held   Percentage of capital
Classification of
shareholders
Personal Holders   243,169   97.39%   420,035,551   2.45%
Banks and Nominees   2,529   1.02%   14,950,398,238   87.26%
Other Companies   3,978   1.59%   1,762,366,845   10.29%
Insurance Companies   1   0.00%   208   0.00%
Pension Funds   4   0.00%   5,442   0.00%
Total   249,681   100.00%   17,132,806,284   100.00%
Shareholding
range
1 - 100   17,199   6.68%   635,426   0.00%
101 - 250   52,139   20.89%   10,607,176   0.06%
251 - 500   68,473   27.43%   23,932,140   0.14%
501 - 1,000   39,907   15.98%   28,216,955   0.16%
1,001 - 5,000   50,942   20.40%   112,827,747   0.66%
5,001 - 10,000   11,096   4.44%   77,897,801   0.45%
10,001 - 25,000   6,644   2.66%   100,383,101   0.59%
25,001 - 50,000   1,556   0.62%   52,951,616   0.31%
50,001 and over   1,805   0.72%   16,725,354,322   97.63%
Total   249,681   100.00%   17,132,806,284   100.00%
United States Holdings   1,640   0.31%   3,976,699   0.02%

Note

a These figures do not include Barclays Sharestore members.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 311


Additional information


Taxation of UK holders

The
following is a summary of certain UK tax issues which are likely to be material to the holding and disposal of Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC or ADSs representing such Ordinary Shares (the ‘Shares’).


It is based on the current laws of England and Wales, UK tax law and the practice of Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (‘HMRC’),
each of which may be subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. It is a general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of
the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser, holder or disposer of Shares. In particular, save where expressly stated to the contrary, this summary deals with shareholders who are resident and, in the case of individuals,
domiciled in (and only in) the UK for UK tax purposes, who hold their Shares as investments (other than under an individual savings account) and who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Shares and any dividends paid on them.


The statements are not addressed to: (i) shareholders who own (or are deemed to own) 10 per cent. or more of the voting power of Barclays
PLC; (ii) shareholders who hold Shares as part of hedging transactions; (iii) investors who have (or are deemed to have) acquired their Shares by virtue of an office or employment; and (iv) shareholders who hold Shares in connection
with a trade, profession or vocation carried on in the UK (whether through a branch or agency or, in the case of a corporate shareholder, through a permanent establishment, or otherwise). It does not discuss the tax treatment of classes of
shareholder subject to special rules, such as dealers in securities.

Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should
consult their professional advisers. Persons who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the UK in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of Shares are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to
whether they are so liable.

(i) Taxation of dividends


In accordance with UK law, Barclays PLC pays dividends on the Shares without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by
the UK government or any UK taxing authority.

The total dividends (including any dividends paid by Barclays PLC) paid to a UK resident
individual shareholder in a tax year (the ‘Total Dividend Income’) will generally form part of that shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes, and will be subject to UK income tax at the rates discussed below.


For dividends paid on or after 6 April 2016, the rate of UK income tax applicable to the Total Dividend Income will depend on the amount of
the Total Dividend Income and the UK income tax band(s) that the Total Dividend Income falls within when included as part of the shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes for that tax year.


For the tax year from 6 April 2018 to 5 April 2019 (inclusive), a nil rate of UK income tax applies to the first £2,000 of Total
Dividend Income received by an individual shareholder in that tax year (the ‘Nil Rate Amount’). For the 2016-2017 and 2017-2018 tax years, the Nil Rate Amount was £5,000.


Where the Total Dividend Income received by an individual shareholder in a tax year exceeds the relevant Nil Rate Amount for that tax year, the
excess amount (the ‘Remaining Dividend Income’) will be subject to UK income tax at the following rates:


(a)   at the rate of 7.5% on any portion of the Remaining Dividend Income that falls within the basic tax
band;


(b)   at the rate of 32.5% on any portion of the Remaining Dividend Income that falls within the higher
tax band; and


(c)   at the rate of 38.1% on any portion of the Remaining Dividend Income that falls within the
additional tax band.


312 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


In determining the tax band, the Remaining Dividend Income falls within for a tax year, the individual shareholder’s Total Dividend Income for
the tax year in question (including the portion comprising the Nil Rate Amount) will be treated as the top slice of the shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes.


Subject to special rules for small companies, UK resident shareholders within the charge to UK corporation tax will be subject to UK corporation
tax on the dividends paid on the Shares unless the dividend falls within an exempt class and certain conditions are met.

(ii)
Taxation of shares under the Scrip Dividend Programme

Where a shareholder elects to purchase shares using their cash dividend as
part of the Scrip Dividend Programme, such shareholders will generally be liable for UK income tax or corporation tax (as the case may be) on dividends reinvested in the Scrip Dividend Programme on the same basis as if they had received the cash and
arranged the investment themselves. They should accordingly include the dividend received in their UK tax return in the normal way.


(iii) Taxation of capital gains

The disposal of Shares may, depending on the shareholder’s circumstances, give rise to a liability to UK tax on chargeable capital gains.


Where Shares are sold, a liability to UK tax may result if the proceeds from that sale exceed the sum of the base cost of the Shares sold and any
other allowable deductions such as share dealing costs and, in certain circumstances, indexation relief (discussed further below). To arrive at the total base cost of any Barclays PLC shares held, in appropriate cases the amount subscribed for
rights taken up in 1985, 1988 and 2013 must be added to the cost of all such shares held. For this purpose, current legislation permits the market valuation at 31 March 1982 to be substituted for the original cost of shares purchased before
that date. Shareholders other than those within the charge to UK corporation tax should note that, following the Finance Act 2008, no indexation allowance will be available. Following the Finance Act 2018, Shareholders within the charge to UK
corporation tax may be eligible for indexation allowance for the period of ownership of their Shares up to December 2017, but no indexation allowance will be available in respect of the period of ownership starting on or after 1 January 2018.


Chargeable capital gains may also arise from the gifting of Shares to connected parties such as relatives (although not spouses or
civil partners) and family trusts.

The calculations required to compute chargeable capital gains may be complex. Shareholders are
advised to consult their personal financial adviser if further information regarding a possible tax liability in respect of their holdings of shares is required.


(iv) Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax

Dealings in Shares will generally be subject to UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax (although see the comments below as regards ADSs in the section ‘Taxation of US holders – (vi) UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve
tax’). The transfer on sale of Shares will generally be liable to stamp duty at 0.5% of the consideration paid for that transfer. An unconditional agreement to transfer Shares, or any interest therein, will generally be subject to stamp duty
reserve tax at 0.5% of the consideration given. Such liability to stamp duty reserve tax will be cancelled, or a right to a repayment (generally with interest) in respect of the stamp duty reserve tax liability will arise, if the agreement is
completed by a duly stamped transfer within six years of the agreement having become unconditional. Both stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax are normally the liability of the transferee.


Paperless transfers of Shares within CREST are liable to stamp duty reserve tax rather than stamp duty.


Stamp duty reserve tax on transactions settled within the CREST system or reported through it for regulatory purposes will be collected by CREST.


Special rules apply to certain categories of person, including intermediaries, market makers, brokers, dealers and persons connected
with depositary arrangements and clearance services.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 313


Additional information


(v) Inheritance tax

An
individual may be liable to inheritance tax on the transfer of Shares. Where an individual is so liable, inheritance tax may be charged on the amount by which the value of his or her estate is reduced as a result of any transfer by way of gift or
other gratuitous transaction made by them or treated as made by them.

Taxation of US holders


The following is a summary of the principal US federal income tax consequences and certain UK tax consequences for US holders (as defined below) of
Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC or ADSs representing such Ordinary Shares, who own the shares or ADSs as capital assets for tax purposes. It is not, however, a comprehensive analysis of all the potential US or UK tax consequences for such holders
and it does not discuss the tax consequences of members of special classes of holders subject to special rules, including (i) dealers in securities, (ii) traders in securities that elect to use a
mark-to-market
 method of accounting for securities holdings,
(iii) tax-exempt
 organisations, (iv) life insurance companies, (v) holders that actually or
constructively own 10 per cent or more of the stock of Barclays PLC measured either by voting power or value, (vi) holders that hold shares or ADSs as part of a straddle or a hedging or conversion transaction, (vii) holders that
purchase or sell shares or ADSs as part of a wash sale, (viii) holders whose functional currency is not the US dollar, or (ix) holders who are resident, or (in the case of individuals) ordinarily resident, or who are carrying on a trade,
in the UK. The summary also does not address any aspect of US federal taxation other than US federal income taxation (such as the estate and gift tax, the alternative minimum tax or the Medicare tax on net investment income). Investors are advised
to consult their tax advisers regarding the tax implications of their particular holdings, including the consequences under applicable state and local law, and in particular whether they are eligible for the benefits of the Treaty, as defined below.


This section is also based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ‘Code’), its legislative history, existing
and proposed regulations, published rulings and court decisions, and on the Double Taxation Convention between the UK and the US as entered into force in March 2003 (the ‘Treaty’), and, in respect of UK tax, the Estate and Gift Tax
Convention between the UK and the US as entered into force on 11 November 1979 (the ‘Estate and Gift Tax Convention’), the current UK tax law and the practice of HMRC, all of which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive
basis. This section is based in part upon the representations of the ADR Depositary and the assumption that each obligation of the Deposit Agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.


A “US holder” is a beneficial owner of shares or ADSs that is, for US federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the
US, (ii) a US domestic corporation, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to US federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if a US court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one
or more US persons are authorised to control all substantial decisions of the trust. If a partnership holds the shares or ADSs, the US federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment
of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding the shares or ADSs should consult its tax adviser with regard to the US federal income tax treatment of an investment in the shares or ADSs.


For the purposes of the Treaty, the Estate and Gift Tax Convention, and the Code, the holders of ADRs evidencing ADSs will be treated as owners of
the underlying Ordinary. Generally, exchanges of shares for ADRs and ADRs for shares will not be subject to US federal income tax or to UK capital gains tax.


(i) Taxation of dividends


Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a US holder is subject to US federal income taxation on the gross amount of any dividend paid by Barclays
PLC, as applicable, out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for US federal income tax purposes).


Dividends paid by Barclays PLC with respect to the Ordinary Shares or ADSs will generally be qualified dividend income. Dividends paid to a
non-corporate
 US holder that constitute qualified dividend income will be taxable to the holder at preferential rates, provided that the holder has a holding period of the shares or ADSs of more than 60 days during
the
121-day
 period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and meets certain other holding period requirements. A US holder will not be subject to UK withholding tax. Dividends must be included in income
when the US holder, in the case of shares, or the Depositary, in the case of ADSs, actually or constructively receives the dividend, and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to US corporations in respect of
dividends received from other US corporations. For foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be income from sources outside the US and will generally be ‘passive’ income for purposes of computing the foreign tax credit
allowable to a US holder.


314 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


The amount of the dividend distribution includable in income will be the US Dollar value of the Pound Sterling payments made, determined
at the spot Pound Sterling/US Dollar rate on the date the dividend distribution is includable in income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into US Dollars. Generally, any gain or loss resulting from currency exchange
fluctuations during the period from the date the dividend payment is includable in income to the date the payment is converted into US Dollars will be treated as ordinary income or loss and, for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, from sources
within the US, and will not be eligible for the special tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income.

Distributions in excess of
current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for US federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the US holder’s basis in the shares or ADSs and thereafter as capital gain. Because Barclays
PLC does not currently maintain calculations of earnings and profits for US federal income tax purposes, it is expected that distributions with respect to the shares and ADSs will generally be reported to US holders as dividends.


(ii) Taxation of capital gains

Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, generally, US holders will not be subject to UK tax, but will be subject to US tax on capital gains realised on the sale or other disposition of Ordinary Shares or ADSs. Generally, a US
holder will recognise capital gain or loss for US federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the US Dollar value of the amount realised and a US holder’s tax basis, determined in US Dollars, in its shares or ADSs. Capital
gain of a noncorporate US holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The gain or loss will generally be income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit limitation
purposes.

(iii) Taxation of premium on purchase of shares


No refund of tax will be available under the Treaty in respect of any premium paid on a a purchase of Ordinary Shares by Barclays PLC. For US tax
purposes, premium generally will be treated as an additional amount realised in respect of the sale. A purchase of the Ordinary Shares by Barclays PLC will be treated for US federal income tax purposes as a sale of the Ordinary Shares that is
taxable as described above under “—Taxation of capital gains”, if: (i) as is likely in most cases, the purchase is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend”; (ii) the ratio which the Ordinary Shares owned (actually or
constructively) by the US holder immediately after the redemption bears to all of the Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC at such time is less than 80% of the ratio which the Ordinary Shares owned (actually or constructively) by the US holder
immediately before the redemption bears to all the Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC at such time; or (iii) the US holder does not hold any actual or constructive interest that is classified as equity of Barclays PLC subsequent to the purchase.
If none of these tests are satisfied, then a payment for the purchase of the Ordinary Shares will generally be treated as a distribution subject to the tax treatment described above under “—Taxation of dividends”.


(iv) Taxation of passive foreign investment companies (PFICs)


Barclays PLC believes that its shares and ADSs should not be treated as stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes, but this conclusion is a
factual determination that is made annually and thus may be subject to change. If Barclays PLC were to be treated as a PFIC, then the gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the shares or ADSs would in general not be treated as capital
gain. Instead, unless a US holder elects to be taxed annually on a
mark-to-market
 basis with respect to its shares or ADSs, such gain and certain ‘excess
distributions’ would be treated as having been realised ratably over a US holder’s holding period for the shares or ADSs and generally would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which the gain was allocated,
together with an interest charge in respect of the tax attributable to each such year.

With certain exceptions, a US holder’s
shares or ADSs will be treated as stock in a PFIC if Barclays PLC was a PFIC at any time during such holder’s holding period in its shares or ADSs. Dividends that a US holder receives will not be eligible for the special tax rates applicable to
qualified dividend income if Barclays PLC is treated as a PFIC with respect to such US holder either in the taxable year of the distribution or the preceding taxable year, but instead will be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 315


Additional information


(v) Certain Reporting Requirements

US holders should consult their tax advisers regarding any tax reporting or filing requirements that may apply to receiving payments on or with respect to, acquiring, owning, or disposing of the shares or ADSs. Failure to comply
with certain reporting obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties.

(vi) UK stamp duty and stamp duty
reserve tax

No obligation to pay UK stamp duty will arise on the transfer on sale of an ADS, provided that any instrument of
transfer is not executed in, and remains at all times outside, the UK. No UK stamp duty reserve tax is payable in respect of an agreement to transfer an ADS. For the UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax implications of dealings in shares, see
the section “Taxation of UK holders – (iv) Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax” above.

(vii) UK estate and gift tax


Under the Estate and Gift Tax Convention, a US holder generally is not subject to UK inheritance tax.


FATCA Risk Factor

In
certain circumstances, shares or ADSs may be subject to US “passthru” withholding tax starting on the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining this concept are adopted in the US. The US has enacted rules,
commonly referred to as ‘FATCA’, that generally impose a new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain US source payments (including dividends and interest) and certain payments made by, and financial accounts held with,
entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. The US has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA with the UK (the “UK IGA”). Under the UK IGA, as currently drafted, it is not
expected that Barclays PLC will be required to withhold tax under FATCA on payments made with respect to the shares or ADSs. However, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding
under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the shares or ADS in the future. Investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding the potential impact of FATCA.


The Barclays Group has registered with the Internal Revenue Service (‘IRS’) for FATCA. The Global Intermediary Identification Number
(GIIN) for the Bank in the United Kingdom is E1QAZN.00001.ME.826 and it is a Reporting Model 1 FFI. The GIINs for other parts of the Barclays Group or Barclays branches outside of the UK may be obtained from your usual Barclays contact on request.
The IRS list of registered Foreign Financial Institutions is publicly available at https://apps.irs.gov/app/fatcaFfList/flu.jsf.


Exchange controls and other limitations affecting security holders


Other than certain economic sanctions which may be in force from time to time, there are currently no UK laws, decrees or regulations which would
affect the transfer of capital or remittance of dividends, interest and other payments to holders of Barclays securities who are not residents of the UK. There are also no restrictions under the Articles of Association of Barclays PLC, or (subject
to the effect of any such economic sanctions) under current UK laws, which relate only to
non-residents
 of the UK, and which limit the right of such
non-residents
 to
hold Barclays securities or, when entitled to vote, to do so.

Documents on display


It is possible to read and copy documents that have been filed by Barclays PLC with the US Securities and Exchange Commission via commercial
document retrieval services, and from the website maintained by the US Securities and Exchange Commission at
www.sec.gov
.


316 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Fees and charges payable by a holder of ADSs

The ADR depositary collects fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries acting for them.


The charges of the ADR depositary payable by investors are as follows:


Type of service   ADR depositary actions   Fee
ADR depositary or substituting the underlying shares   Issuance of ADSs against the deposit of ordinary shares, including deposits and issuances in respect of:   $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the new ADSs delivered
–  Share distributions, stock splits, rights issues,
mergers
–  Exchange of securities or
other transactions or event or other distribution affecting the ADSs or deposited securities
Receiving or
distributing cash dividends   Distribution of
cash dividends   $0.04 or less per
ADS a
Selling or
exercising rights   Distribution or
sale of securities, the fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities   $5.00 or less per
each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
Withdrawing an
underlying ordinary share   Acceptance of ADSs
surrendered for withdrawal of deposited ordinary shares   $5.00 or less for
each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
General depositary
services, particularly those charged on an annual basis   Other services
performed by the ADR depositary in administering the ADS program   No fee currently
payable
Expenses of the ADR depositary   Expenses incurred on behalf of Holders in connection
with: –  Expenses of the ADR depositary in connection with the conversion of foreign currency
into US dollars (which are paid out of such foreign currency)   Expenses payable at the sole discretion of the ADR
depositary by billing Holders or by deducting charges from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions
–  Taxes and other governmental charges
–  Cable, telex and facsimile transmission/delivery
–  Transfer or registration fees, if applicable, for the registration
of transfers or underlying ordinary shares
–  Any other charge payable by ADR depositary or its
agents

Note


a   The fee in relation to the distribution of cash dividends was $0.006302 per ADS in respect of
dividends paid in the year ended 31 December 2018.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 317


Additional information


Fees and payments made by the ADR depositary to Barclays


The ADR depositary has agreed to provide Barclays with an amount based on the cash dividend, issuance and cancellations fees charged during each
twelve-month period for expenses incurred by Barclays in connection with the ADS program. Barclays is entitled to $1,114,603 for the year ended 31 December 2018, though such amount has not yet been paid to Barclays by the ADR depositary.


Under certain circumstances, including
non-routine
 corporate actions, removal of the ADR
depositary or termination of the ADS program by Barclays, Barclays may be charged by the ADR depositary certain fees (including in connection with depositary services, certain expenses paid on behalf of Barclays, an administrative fee, fees for
non-routine
 services and corporate actions and any other reasonable fees/expenses incurred by the ADR depositary).

The ADR depositary has agreed to waive certain of its fees chargeable to Barclays with respect to standard costs associated with the administration of the ADS program.


318 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


External auditor objectivity and independence:
non-audit
 services


Our policy on the provision of services by the Barclays Group’s statutory Auditor (the ‘Policy’) sets out the circumstances in which
the auditor may be permitted to undertake
non-audit
 work for the Barclays Group.

The Board
Audit Committee oversees compliance with the Policy and considers and, if appropriate, approves requests to use the Auditor for
non-audit
 work. Allowable services are

pre-approved
 up to but not including £100,000. The Group Finance Director and the Company Secretary and their teams deal with

day-to-day
 administration of the Policy, facilitating requests for approval.

Details of the services that are prohibited and allowed under the Policy are set out below:

Services that are
prohibited include:


◾   bookkeeping;


◾   design and implementation of financial information systems;


◾   design or implementation of internal controls or risk management services related to financial
information;


◾   *appraisal or valuation services;


◾   fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports;


◾   *actuarial services;


◾   internal audit;


◾   management and Human Resources functions;


◾   broker or dealer, investment advisor or investment banking services;


◾   legal, expert and certain *tax services or personal services to persons in a financial reporting role;
and


◾   transaction-related and restructuring services.


*these may be permissible subject to compliance with certain requirements.


Allowable services that the Board Audit Committee considers for approval include:


◾   statutory audit and audit related services and regulatory non-audit services;


◾   other attest and assurance services;


◾   training, surveys and software;


◾   risk management and controls advice;


◾   transaction support;


◾   tax compliance services;


◾   business support and recoveries; and


◾   translation services.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 319


Additional information


NYSE Corporate Governance Statement

As our main listing is on the London Stock Exchange, we follow the UK Corporate Governance Code. However, as Barclays also has American Depositary Receipts listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), we are also subject to the
NYSE’s Corporate Governance Rules (NYSE Rules). We are exempt from most of the NYSE Rules, which US domestic companies must follow, because we are a
non-US
 company listed on the NYSE. However, we are
required to provide an Annual Written Affirmation to the NYSE of our compliance with the applicable NYSE Rules and must also disclose any significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those followed by domestic US companies
listed on the NYSE. Key differences between the Code and NYSE Rules are set out here:

Director Independence


NYSE Rules require the majority of the Board to be independent. The Code requires at least half of the Board (excluding the Chairman) to be
independent. The NYSE Rules contain different tests from the Code for determining whether a Director is independent. We follow the Code’s recommendations as well as developing best practices among other UK public companies. The independence of
our
non-executive
 Directors is reviewed by the Board on an annual basis and it takes into account the guidance in the Code and the criteria we have established for determining independence, which are described
on page 39.

Board Committees

We have a Board Nominations Committee and a Board Remuneration Committee, both of which are broadly similar in purpose and constitution to the Committees required by the NYSE Rules and whose terms of reference comply with the
Code’s requirements. The NYSE Rules state that both Committees must be composed entirely of independent Directors. As the Group Chairman was independent on appointment, the Code permits him to chair the Board Nominations Committee. Except for
this appointment, both Committees are composed solely of
non-executive
 Directors, whom the Board has determined to be independent. We comply with the NYSE Rules requirement that we have a Board Audit Committee
comprised solely of independent
non-executive
 Directors. However, we follow the Code recommendations, rather than the NYSE Rules, regarding the responsibilities of the Board Audit Committee (except for
applicable mandatory responsibilities under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), although both are broadly comparable. Although the NYSE Rules state that the Board Audit Committee is to take responsibility for risk oversight, Barclays has additional Board
Committees which address different areas of risk management. To enhance Board governance of risk, Barclays has two risk committees; the Board Risk Committee and the Board Reputation Committee. A full description of each Board Committee can be found
in the Governance section.

Corporate Governance Guidelines


The NYSE Rules require domestic US companies to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines. There is no equivalent recommendation in the
Code but the Board Nominations Committee has developed corporate governance guidelines, ‘Corporate Governance in Barclays’, which have been approved and adopted by the Board.


Code of Ethics

The NYSE
Rules require that domestic US companies adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for Directors, officers and employees.
The Barclays Way
 was introduced in 2013, this is a Code of Conduct which outlines the Values and
Behaviours which govern our way of working across our business globally.
The Barclays Way
 has been adopted on a Group wide basis by all Directors, Officers and employees.
The Barclays Way
 is available to view on the Barclays website at
home.barclays/about-barclays/barclays-values.

Shareholder Approval of Equity-compensation Plans


The NYSE listing standards require that shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions
to those plans. We comply with UK requirements, which are similar to the NYSE standards. However, the Board does not explicitly take into consideration the NYSE’s detailed definition of what are considered ‘material revisions’.


320 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Major shareholders

Major
shareholders do not have different voting rights from those of other shareholders. Information provided to the Company by substantial shareholders pursuant to the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules are published via a Regulatory
Information Service and is available on the Company’s website. As at 31 December 2018, the Company had been notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the following holdings of voting rights in its shares:


2018
Person interested   Number of Barclays shares   % of total voting rights attaching to issued share capital a
The Capital Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.84
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.94
Blackrock, Inc d   1,018,388,143   5.95
Sherborne Investors e   923,787,634   5.41
Norges Bank   514,068,594   3.00

Notes


a   The percentage of voting rights detailed above was calculated at the time of the relevant
disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.


b   The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part
of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 14 February 2019, CG disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 277,002,140 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2018, representing 1.6% of
that class of shares.


c   Qatar Holding LLC (QH) is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority.


d   Total shown includes 8,879,783 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. Part
of the holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 4 February 2019, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC beneficial ownership of 1,119,810,169 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2018,
representing 6.5% of that class of shares.


e   We understand from disclosures that the Sherborne Shares are held via three funds ultimately
controlled by Edward Bramson and Stephen Welker in their capacity as managing directors of Sherborne Investors Management GP, LLC (Sherborne Management GP) and Sherborne Investors GP, LLC. Sherborne Management GP is the general partner of Sherborne
Investors Management LP (Sherborne Investors) which is the investment manager to two of the funds, Whistle Investors LLC and Whistle Investors II LLC. Sherborne Investors Management (Guernsey) LLC, the investment manager to the third fund, SIGC, LP,
is wholly owned by Sherborne Investors. On 8 February 2019, Sherborne Investors disclosed by way of a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC beneficial ownership of 943,949,089 ordinary shares of the Company as of 29 January 2019, representing
approximately 5.5% of that class of shares. Such Schedule 13D also disclosed Edward Bramson and Stephen Welker as the ultimate deemed beneficial owners of the Sherborne Shares and that 505,086,254 of such shares were purchased through funded
derivative transactions.

Between 31 December 2018 and 19 February 2019 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in
this report), the Company was notified that Norges Bank now holds 509,562,903 Barclays shares, representing 2.97% of the total voting rights attached to the issued share capital and that Sherborne now holds 943,949,089 Barclays shares, representing
approximately 5.5% of the total voting rights attached to the issued share capital.

As at 31 December 2017, the Company had been
notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the UKLA of the following holdings of voting rights in its shares:


2017
Person interested   Number of Barclays shares   % of total voting rights attaching to issued share capital a
The Capital Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.98
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.99
Blackrock, Inc d   1,010,054,871   5.92

Notes


a   The percentage of voting rights detailed above was calculated at the time of the relevant
disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.


b   The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part
of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 14 February 2018, CG disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,167,912,211 ordinary shares of the Company as of 29 December 2017, representing 6.8%
of that class of shares.


c   Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority. On 17 January 2018, Qatar Holding
LLC disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 941,620,690 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017, representing 5.52% of that class of shares.


d   Total shown includes 2,009,814 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. Part
of the holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 30 January 2018, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,145,415,782 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017,
representing 6.7% of that class of shares.

Between 31 December 2017 and 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date
for inclusion in this report), the Company was notified that BlackRock, Inc. now holds 990,743,261 Barclays shares, representing 5.80% of the total voting rights attached to issued share capital.


As at 31 December 2016, the Company had been notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the UKLA of the following holdings
of voting rights in its shares:


2016
Person interested   Number of Barclays shares   % of total voting rights attaching to issued share capital a
The Capital Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.98
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.99
Blackrock, Inc d   922,509,972   5.45

Notes


a   The percentage of voting rights detailed above were as calculated at the time of the relevant
disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the DTR.


b   The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part
of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts.


c   Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority.


d   Total shown includes 3,860,531 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. On 19
January 2017, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,054,988,420 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2016, representing 6.2% of that class of shares.

On 23 January 2017 the Company was notified that Norges Bank now holds 508,175,594 Barclays shares, representing
2.996% of the total voting rights attached to the issued share capital. The relevant threshold for UK disclosure is 3%, so Norges Bank will make no further notifications to the Company unless they again exceed 3% of the total voting rights attached
to the issued share capital.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 321


Additional information


Disclosure controls and procedures

The Chief Executive, James E Staley, and the Group Finance Director, Tushar Morzaria, conducted with Group Management an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Group’s disclosure controls and
procedures of each of Barclays PLC as at 31 December 2018, which are defined as those controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
recorded, processed, summarised and reported within the time periods specified in the US Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms. As of the date of the evaluation, the Chief Executive and Group Finance Director concluded that the
design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Board of Directors


John McFarlane, Chairman


John is Chairman of Barclays PLC. He is a senior figure in global banking and financial services circles having spent over 40 years in the sector
and was recently awarded the Freedom of the City of London by Special Nomination for his outstanding achievements in the field of banking. John brings extensive experience in banking including investment, corporate and retail banking, as well as
expertise in insurance, strategy, risk business transformation and cultural change.

John is currently Chairman of TheCityUK and a
member of the Supervisory Board of Unibail-RodamcoWesfield SE and the Financial Services Trade and Investment Board. He is also
non-executive
 director of Old Oak Holdings Limited. John was previously Chairman
of Aviva plc where he oversaw a transformation of the company FirstGroup plc, and the Australian Bankers Association. He was also a
non-executive
 director of The Royal Bank of Scotland, joining at the time of
the UK government rescue. Prior to that he was Chief Executive Officer of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited for 10 years, Group Executive Director of Standard Chartered plc and head of Citibank in the UK and Ireland. Other current
external appointments include member of the European Financial Round Table, The International Monetary Conference, Cranfield School of Management Advisory Board, Institut International d’Etudes Bancaires and the President’s Committee
Confederation of British Industry.

Jes Staley, Chief Executive, Executive Director


Jes Staley joined Barclays as Group Chief Executive on 1 December 2015. Jes has nearly four decades of extensive experience in banking and
financial services. He worked for more than 30 years at JP Morgan, initially training as a commercial banker, later advancing to the leadership of major businesses involving equities, private banking and asset management, and ultimately heading the
company’s Global Investment Bank. Jes is currently a Board member of the Institute of International Finance and Board member of the Bank Policy Institute. He was formerly a Managing Partner at BlueMountain Capital.


Sir Gerry Grimstone,
Non-executive
 Director


Sir Gerry joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in 2016 and is Chairman of Barclays Bank PLC. He is
highly respected in the banking industry and brings to the Board immense investment banking, financial services and commercial experience both at
non-executive
 director and chairman level. He is an independent

non-executive
 board member of Deloitte NWE LLP where he represents the public interest, and is the Board advisor to the Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank and Chairman of the CityUK China Market Advisory
Group. Within the UK public sector, he is the lead
non-executive
 at the Ministry of Defence and is a member of HM Treasury’s Financial Services Trade and Investment Board. From
2012-2015, Gerry served as the chairman of TheCityUK, the representative body for the financial and professional services industry in the UK. Gerry has held a number of board appointments in the public and private sectors and has served as
one of the UK’s Business Ambassadors. He was Chairman of Standard Life Aberdeen PLC between 2007-2018 and was previously a senior investment banker at Schroders and ran businesses in London, New York and Asia Pacific. He specialised in
mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising for major companies worldwide. Prior to that, he was an official in HM Treasury where he was responsible for privatisation and policy towards state-owned enterprises.


Mike Ashley,
Non-executive
 Director


Mike joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in September 2013. Mike has deep knowledge of accounting
auditing and associated regulatory issues, having previously worked at KPMG for over 20 years. His former roles as the lead engagement partner on audits of large financial services groups including HSBC, Standard Chartered and the Bank of England
and as Head of Quality and Risk management for KPMG Europe LLP (ELLP) and, KPMG UK’s designated Ethics Partner provide the Board with expertise in management of professional risks, quality control and ethical issues. Mike’s other current
principal external appointments are Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales’ Ethics Standards Committee (member), Charity Commission (board member) and International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (member).


Tim Breedon,
Non-executive
 Director


Tim joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in November 2012 and is Chairman of the Board Risk
Committee. Tim has extensive financial services experience, knowledge of risk management and UK and EU regulation. He had a distinguished career with Legal & General, where among other roles


322 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


he was the Group Chief Executive, a position he held from January 2006 to June 2012. Tim was a director of the Association of British Insurers
(ABI), and also served as its chairman. He was also chairman of the UK Government’s
non-bank
 lending taskforce, an
industry-led
 taskforce that looked at the
structural and behavioural barriers to the development of alternative debt markets in the UK. Tim was a director of the Financial Reporting Council and was on the board of the Investment Management Association. Tim has over 25 years of experience in
financial services and has extensive knowledge and experience of regulatory and government relationships. He brings to the Board the experience and knowledge of leading a financial services company, combined with an understanding of the UK and EU
regulatory environment and risk management. His customer focus and understanding of investor issues, gained both at L&G and the ABI, is of particular relevance to Barclays. Tim’s other current principal external appointments are as chairman
of Apax Global Alpha Limited and chairman of The Northview Group.

Mary Anne Citrino,

Non-executive
 Director

Mary Anne was appointed to the Board in July 2018. Mary Anne has
considerable financial services and investment banking experience following an executive career spanning over 20 years with Morgan Stanley and is an experienced
non-executive
 director. Her current
non-executive
 positions and senior advisory role with Blackstone, coupled with previous board and senior management level positions (with Dollar Tree, Inc. Health Net, Inc. and BlacKstone Advisory Partners)
contribute to the wide ranging global, strategic and advisory experience she can provide to the Board. Mary Anne’s other external principal appointments include, HP Inc., Ahold Delhaize N.V. and Alcoa Corporation.


Mary Francis, CBE,
Non-executive
 Director


Mary Francis CBE joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in October 2016 and was appointed Chair of the
Board Reputation Committee in April 2018. Mary has extensive and diverse board-level experience across a range of industries, which has developed from her previous
non-executive
 directorships with
Alliance & Leicester, Aviva, Bank of England, Centrica and Swiss Re Group. In her executive career, Mary was a senior civil servant in HM Treasury for twelve years, before serving as Private Secretary to the Prime Minister, Deputy Private
Secretary to the Queen and as Director General of the Association of British Insurers. Mary brings to the Board strong understanding of the interaction between public and private sectors, skills in strategic decision-making and reputation
management. Mary’s other external principal appointments include Ensco PLC
(non-executive
 Director), Advisory Panel of The Institute of Business Ethics (Member) and UK Takeover Appeal Board (Member).


Crawford Gillies, Senior Independent Director


Crawford joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in May 2014 and was appointed Senior Independent
Director in April 2018. Crawford has over three decades of business and management experience, initially with Bain & Company, a firm of international management consultants, where he was managing director Europe from 2001 to 2005. While at
Bain he worked with major companies in the UK, Continental Europe and North America across multiple sectors. From 2007-2016 Crawford was on the board of Standard Life plc, where he has chaired the remuneration committee. He was chairman of the law
firm Hammonds, now Squire Sanders (2006 - 2009), has chaired Control Risks International since 2007 and chaired Touch Bionics (2006 - 2011), an innovative medical device company. Crawford was also on the board of MITIE Group PLC from 2012 to July
2015. He has also held public sector posts in England and Scotland. He was an independent member of the Department of Trade and Industry (2002 - 2007) and chaired its Audit and Risk Committee (2003 - 2007). He is former chairman of Scottish
Enterprise and of the Confederation of British Industry in London. Crawford’s other current principal external appointments are as senior
non-executive
 director of SSE plc and Chairman of The Edrington
Group Limited.

Reuben Jeffery III,
Non-executive
 Director


Reuben joined the Board in July 2009 as a
non-executive
 Director. Reuben has a broad range of financial
services experience, particularly within investment banking and wealth management, gained through his current positions and former senior roles with Goldman Sachs where he was managing partner of Goldman Sachs in Paris and led the firm’s
European financial institutions group in London. He is currently Vice Chairman of Rockefeller Capital Management. Reuben also has extensive insight into the US political and regulatory environment, gained from his service in the US government as
Under Secretary of State for Economic, Energy and Agricultural Affairs, as chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and as a special assistant to the President on the staff of the National Security Council. Reuben’s other current
principal external appointments are Financial Services Volunteer Corps (Director), and The Asia Foundation (Trustee).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 323


Additional information


Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, Executive Director


Tushar joined the Board and Group Executive Committee of Barclays in October 2013 as Group Finance Director. Prior to this, he was CFO, corporate
and investment bank at JP Morgan, a role he held on the merger of the investment bank and the wholesale treasury/security services business at JP Morgan. Prior to the merger, he was CFO of the investment bank and held other various roles during his
career at JP Morgan.

Tushar qualified as an accountant at Coopers and Lybrand Deloitte and for most of his career he has worked in
investment banking, having held various roles at SG Warburg, JP Morgan and Credit Suisse. Tushar has over 20 years of strategic financial management experience, which prove invaluable in his role as Group Finance Director. Tushar currently chairs
the Sterling Risk Free Reference Rates Working Group.

Dambisa Moyo,
Non-executive
 Director


Dambisa joined the Board in May 2010 as a
non-executive
 Director. Dambisa is an
international economist and commentator on the global economy, with a background in financial services which she gained with Goldman Sachs in the debt capital markets, hedge funds coverage and global macroeconomics teams. Dambisa has also worked for
the World Bank and formerly served as a
non-executive
 director of Barrick Gold Corporation, Lundin Petroleum AB (publ) SABMiller PLC and Seagate Technology . Dambisa’s background as an economist, in
particular her knowledge and understanding of global macroeconomic issues and African economic, political and social issues, provides an important contribution to the Board’s discussion of Barclays’ business and citizenship strategy.
Dambisa’s other current principal external appointments are as
non-executive
 director of Chevron Corporation and 3M Company.


Diane Schueneman,
Non-executive
 Director


Diane was joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in June 2015 and is a member of the Board of Barclays
US LLC, Barclays US intermediate company. Diane has extensive experience in managing global, cross-discipline business operations, client services and technology in the financial services industry. She had an extensive career at Merrill Lynch,
holding a variety of senior roles with responsibility for banking, brokerage services and technology provided to the company’s retail and middle market clients, and latterly for IT, operations and client services worldwide as senior vice
president & head of global infrastructure solutions. As a consultant at McKinsey & Company she advised the IRS Commissioner in the US and has held a number of
non-executive
 directorships.


Sir Ian Cheshire,
Non-executive
 Director


Sir Ian joined the the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in April 2017 and is Chairman of Barclays UK PLC.
Sir Ian brings to the Board substantial business experience particularly in the international retail sector from his lengthy career at Kingfisher Group where he was CEO, as well as experience in sustainability and environmental matters. Sir Ian
holds strong credentials in leadership. He was previously Chairman of Debenhams plc, the British Retail Consortium and the Ecosystem Markets Task Force, and Senior Independent Director of Whitbred plc. He is also involved with many charitable
organisations, such as The Prince of Wales’ s Charitable Foundation and is highly regarded by the Government for his work with various Government Departments. He has won a number of awards including Lifetime contributions to retailing, green
business and the Fortune WEF award for leadership in the circular economy. Sir Ian was knighted in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to Business, Sustainability and the Environment and is a Chevalier of the Ordre National du Merite of France.
Other current appointments include Chairman of Menhaden plc, Chairman, Maisons du monde and Lead
non-executive
 director for the Government.


Matthew Lester,
Non-executive
 Director


Matthew joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in September 2017. Matthew has a strong financial
background and extensive board level experience across a range of sectors, including financial services. He is currently a
non-executive
 director of Man Group plc and Capita plc, where he also chairs the Audit
and Risk Committees of both companies. Matthew was Chief Financial Officer of Royal Mail Group during the period of preparation for privatisation and for the first four years as a listed entity, and a member of the FTSE 100. Prior to that he was
Group CFO of ICAP plc, the world largest interdealer broker. His earlier experience included 10 years in a variety of senior finance roles ar Diagio plc including Group Treasurer and Group Financial Controller. He spent eight years at Kleinwort
Benson in Corporate Finance.


324 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Mike Turner,
Non-executive
 Director


Mike joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in January 2018. Mike has considerable business and board
level experience gained from his lengthy career with BAE Systems PLC where he was CEO as well as his
non-executive
 positions. He has a strong commercial background and experience in strategy and operational
performance culture. Mike brings significant leadership and strategic oversight experience to the Board, particularly from his role as Chairman of Babcock International Group PLC and former role as Chairman of GKN Plc.


Stephen Shapiro, Company Secretary

Stephen was appointed Company Secretary in November 2017 having previously served as the Group Company Secretary and Deputy General Counsel of SABMiller plc. Prior to this he practised law as a partner in a law firm in South Africa,
and subsequently in the UK. Stephen has extensive experience in corporate governance, legal, regulatory and compliance matters. Stephen has also previously served as Chairman of the ICC UK’s Committee on Anti-Corruption as well as on
working groups of the GC100, providing business input into key areas of legislative and policy reform.

Group Executive Committee


Jes Staley, Group Chief Executive, Executive Director


See above for full biography.


Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, Executive Director


See above for full biography.


Paul Compton, Group Chief Operating Officer

Paul joined Barclays as Group Chief Operating Officer in May 2016. In this role, Paul is responsible for leading the global Operations & Technology functions, driving the implementation of the structural reform and cost
transformation programmes, and for the delivery of other major bank-wide projects. Prior to joining Barclays, Paul was the Chief Administrative Officer of JPMorgan Chase, and was accountable for overseeing global technology, operations, real estate
and general services. Before being appointed in this role in 2013, Paul served as
Co-Chief
 Administrative Officer for the Corporate & Investment Bank, Deputy Head of Operations for JPMorgan Chase, and
head of the JPMorgan Chase Global Service Centre in India. Paul started his career at JPMorgan in 1997, and first led the overhaul of the wholesale bank’s credit risk infrastructure, before taking on the role as Chief Financial Officer for the
Investment Bank. Previous to JP Morgan, Paul spent 10 years as Principal at Ernst & Young in the Brisbane and New York offices.. He has previously been a member of the Board of Directors of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation
(DTCC) American Australian Association and the American Red Cross of Greater New York.

Bob Hoyt, Group General Counsel


Bob joined Barclays in October 2013 and is responsible for all legal and regulatory matters across Barclays as Group General
Counsel. Previously, Bob was at PNC Financial Services Group, where he was General Counsel and Chief Regulatory Affairs Officer, having previously served as Deputy General Counsel since 2009. Between 2006 and 2009, Bob served as General Counsel of
the US Department of the Treasury where he was the Chief Legal Officer of the department and a senior policy advisor to Secretary Henry M. Paulson, Jr. Prior to that Bob served at the White House where he was Special Assistant and Associate Counsel
to President George W. Bush. Earlier in his career, Bob was a partner in the Securities, Litigation and Corporate departments of the law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr (WilmerHale).


Tristram Roberts, Group Human Resources Director

Tristram is the Group Human Resources Director. Tristram joined Barclays in July 2013 as HR Director for the Investment Bank. His remit was expanded in May 2014 to include HR responsibilities for Barclays
Non-Core,
 and became the Group HR Director in December 2015.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 325


Additional information


Prior to Barclays, Tristram was Head of Human Resources for Global Functions and Operations & Technology at HSBC Holdings PLC, as well as
group head of performance and reward. Previously, he was group reward and policy director for Vodafone Group Plc. Tristram began his career in consulting. He became a partner with Arthur Andersen in 2001 and was subsequently a partner with both
Deloitte and KPMG.

Tim Throsby, CEO, Barclays International


Tim Throsby is CEO of Barlcays International. Based in London, he is a member of the Group Executive Committee. Prior to joining Barclays in January
2017, Tim worked for JP Morgan where he held a variety of senior management roles, most recently serving as Global Head of Equities. Tim has had an extensive career in banking and asset management, working initially for Credit Suisse and Macquarie,
before joining Goldman Sachs in 1995 as a Managing Director and
Co-Head
 of Equity Derivatives for Asia. In 2002, he joined Lehman Brothers to lead the Asia Equities Division, before relocating to New York in
2004 to run the global Equity Derivatives business as well as risk arbitrage. In 2005, he became President of Citadel Asia where he oversaw the investment firm’s Asia business. He serves on the board of Human Dignity Trust, and is a school
governor at the Ark Oval Primary Academy.

C.S. Venkatakrishnan (“Venkat”), Group Chief Risk Officer


Venkat joined as Chief Risk Officer in March 2016. Venkat is responsible for helping to define, set and manage the risk profile of Barclays. He has
over 20 years of financial market and risk management expertise. Venkat worked at JP Morgan

from 1994, most recently as Head of Model Risk and Development and Operational Risk. Prior to this, he worked in fixed income structuring at the JP
Morgan Investment Bank. This followed upon 14 years in JP Morgan Asset Management where he held senior positions in the Global Fixed Income business.

Ashok Vaswani, CEO, Barclays Bank UK PLC

Ashok joined Barclays in 2010, managing the credit card business across
the UK, Europe and the Nordics, becoming chairman of Entercard. He went on to manage Barclays in Africa, Barclays Retail Business Bank globally and Barclays Personal and Corporate Banking. Ashok is CEO of Barclays Bank UK PLC and is a member of UK
Finance Board, Pratham Board and the Trustee Board at Citizens Advice. He also sits on the advisory boards of a number of institutions such as Rutberg & Co and is Founder Director of
Lend-a-Hand,
 a
non-profit
 organisation focused on rural education in India. Ashok has previously served as a
non-executive

Director on the Board of Barclays Africa Group Limited, the Board of Directors of Telenor ASA and the advisory boards of SP Jain Institute of Management, Insead Singapore and Visa Asia Pacific. Prior to Barclays, Ashok was a partner with a J P
Morgan Chase funded private equity firm - Brysam Global Partners, which focused on building retail financial service businesses in emerging markets. Ashok also spent 20 years with Citigroup where his last position was as CEO, Asia Pacific. He was
also a member of the Citigroup Operating Committee, the Citigroup Management Committee and the Global Consumer Planning Group.

Laura
Padovani, Group Chief Compliance Officer

Laura became Group Chief Compliance Officer in April 2018 having previously covered the
role on an interim basis since October 2017. Laura joined Barclays as the Head of Global Compliance Services in 2015 and in 2016, her role was expanded to cover the Compliance Chief of Staff Office, where she would deputise for the Chief Compliance
Officer in various capacities. Laura joined from American Express and has over 25 years of financial services experience. She started her career with American Express in Argentina in 1991 where she established the first Compliance office and
co-ordinated
 their Legal function. Laura moved to New York in 1997 to assist with the development of the Global Anti-Money Laundering Program for American Express. In 2000, Laura broadened her Financial Services
experience moving to Aviva as the Head of International Compliance responsible for all
non-UK
 offices across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Laura returned to American Express in 2004, focused on
Global Consumer Financial Services and European Emerging Markets, and then as the Global Head of International Regulatory Compliance. Laura obtained a Law degree from the University of Buenos Aires and a postgraduate Masters in Law (LLM) from the
London School of Economics and Political Science, with specialisation in Banking Law and Financial Services Regulation. Laura is fluent in Spanish and Italian and has been involved in many networking initiatives for Women, both at American Express
and now at Barclays.


326 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Section 13(r) to the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Iran sanctions and related disclosure)


Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) requires each SEC reporting issuer to
disclose in its annual and, if applicable, quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with the Government of Iran or certain designated natural
persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction during the period covered by the report. The requirement includes disclosure of activities not prohibited by US or other law even if conducted outside the
US by
non-US
 companies or affiliates in compliance with local law. Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act we note the following in relation to activity occurring in 2018, the period covered by this
annual report, or in relation to activity we became aware of in 2018 relating to disclosable activity prior to the reporting period. Barclays attributed revenue of no more than GBP 2,400 in 2018 in relation to the activities disclosed below.


Legacy guarantees

Between 1993 and 2006, Barclays entered into several guarantees for the benefit of Iranian banks in connection with the supply of goods and services by Barclays’ customers to Iranian buyers. These were counter guarantees issued
to the Iranian banks to support guarantees issued by these banks to the Iranian buyers. The Iranian banks and a number of the Iranian buyers were subsequently designated as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (“SDNs”) by the
U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). In addition, between 1993 and 2005, Barclays entered into similar guarantees for the benefit of a Syrian bank that was subsequently designated pursuant to
Executive Order 13382 in August 2011.

The guarantees were issued either on:


(i)   an “extend or pay” basis which means that, although the guarantee is of limited duration
on its face, until there is full performance under the contract to provide goods and services, the terms of the guarantee require Barclays to either maintain the guarantee or pay the beneficiary bank the full amount of the guarantee; or


(ii)   the basis that Barclays’ obligations can only be discharged with the consent of the beneficiary
counterparty.

Barclays is not able to exit its obligations under the guarantees unilaterally, and thus maintains a
limited legacy portfolio of these guarantees. The guarantees were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations at the time at which they were entered into.


In 2016, Barclays terminated a number of these Iran-related legacy guarantees and intends to terminate the remainder where an agreement can be
reached with the counterparty, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. All payments made in connection with termination of the guarantees have been made in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.


Barclays attributed revenue of no more than GBP 1,250 in 2018 in relation to this activity.


Lease payments

Barclays is
party to a long-term lease, entered into in 1979, with the National Iranian Oil Company (“NIOC”), pursuant to which Barclays rents part of NIOC House in London for a Barclays bank branch. NIOC is the custodian trustee for the NIOC Pension
Fund. The lease is for 60 years, contains no early termination clause, and has 21 years remaining. Barclays makes quarterly lease payments to Naft Trading and Technology Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the NIOC Pension Fund. NIOC is wholly-owned
by the Iranian Government and was an SDN until it was delisted by OFAC and the EU in January 2016 following implementation of sanctions relief under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. In December 2012, NIOC Pension Fund was added to a sanctions
list in the UK by HM Treasury (“HMT”). As a result of the listing, quarterly lease payments were made to a frozen account at Turkiye Is Bankasi in line with applicable laws and regulations. Sanctions on NIOC Pension Fund were lifted by HMT
on 18 January 2017. NIOC was relisted as an SDN by OFAC in November 2018. Barclays attributed no revenue in 2018 in relation to this activity.

Local clearing systems

Banks in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), including certain Iranian banks that
are or were SDNs, participate in the various banking payment and settlement systems used in the UAE (the “UAE Clearing Systems”). Barclays, by virtue of its banking activities in the UAE, participates in the UAE Clearing Systems, in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. However, in order to help mitigate the risk of participating in transactions in which participant Iranian SDN banks may be involved, Barclays has implemented restrictions relating to its participation
in the UAE Image Cheque Clearance System and the UAE Funds Transfer System activity, as well as restricting activity via the Wages Protection Scheme. Barclays attributed no revenue in 2018 in relation to this activity.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 327


Additional information


Payments notified

In last
year’s disclosure, Barclays reported payments relating to a customer designated under the Specially Designated Global Terrorist regime in March 2016. Barclays continues to receive credit card repayments from this customer in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations. A block continues to be applied to the card to prevent any further spending. Barclays attributed revenue of no more than GBP 950 in 2018 in relation to this activity.


Barclays maintains a customer relationship with a
UK-incorporated
 air cargo management company. In 2018,
Barclays processed three EUR payments relating to Iranian overflight charges for an aircraft registered in Iceland and operated by an Icelandic company, on behalf of the customer, to an aviation services company in the UAE. The ultimate beneficiary
of the payments was an Iranian entity, owned by the Government of Iran. These payments were made in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and all payments were made to the aviation services company in the UAE; no payments were made
directly to Iran or any entity owned by the Government of Iran. OFAC has issued a general licence, 31 C.F.R. § 560.522, which authorises payments for services rendered by the Government of Iran in connection with the overflight of Iran if the
aircraft is owned by a United States person or registered in the United States. However, the instant payments do not fall squarely into the general license as the aircraft was not owned by a United States person or registered in the United States,
therefore, Barclays is including them in this report. Barclays attributed revenue of no more than GBP 60 in 2018 in relation to this activity.

Barclays maintains customer relationships with two
UK-based
 insurance companies. In 2018, Barclays processed two payments on behalf of these customers relating to matters where the Government
of Iran was involved in the underlying insurance claim. The first payment related to a
re-insurance
 matter where the underlying insured party was a vessel owned by the Government of Iran. The second payment
related to a dispute regarding the shipment of oil that had been purchased from a Government of Iran-owned entity. Barclays attributed revenue of no more than GBP 100 in 2018 in relation to this activity.


328 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Summary of Barclays Group share and cash plans and long-term incentive plans


Barclays operates a number of share, cash and long-term incentive plans. The principal plans used for awards made in or, in respect of, the 2018
performance year are shown in the table below. Awards are granted by the Barclays PLC Board Remuneration Committee (the “Committee”), and are subject to the applicable plan rules. Share awards are granted over ordinary shares in Barclays
PLC (“Shares”). Barclays has a number of employee benefit trusts which operate with these plans. In some cases the trustee purchases Shares in the market to satisfy awards; in others, new issue or treasury Shares may be used to satisfy
awards where the appropriate shareholder approval has been obtained.


Summary of
principal share and cash plans and long-term incentive plans


Name of plan   Eligible employees   Executive Directors eligible   Delivery   Design details
Deferred
Share Value  Plan (DSVP)   All employees
(excluding Directors)   No   Deferred Share
awards, typically released in instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus provisions   –  Plan typically used for mandatory deferral of a proportion of bonus into Shares where bonus is above a threshold (set annually by the Committee). –  This plan
typically works in tandem with the CVP (below). –  DSVP awards vest over three, five or seven years dependent on future service. –  Vesting is subject to malus, and suspension provisions and the other provisions of the
rules of the DSVP. –  For awards granted before 2018, dividend equivalents may be released based on the
number of Shares under award that are released. –  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers (as set out in the rules of the DSVP) normally remain eligible for release (on the scheduled release dates) subject to the Committee and/or trustee discretion. For
other leavers, awards will normally lapse. –  On change of control, awards may vest at the Committee’s and/or trustee’s discretion. –  For DSVP awards made to Material Risk Takers (“MRTs”), a holding period of
either 6 or 12 months will apply to Shares (after tax) on release.
Share
Value Plan (SVP)   All employees
(including executive Directors)   Yes   Deferred Share
awards, typically released in instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus provisions   –  The SVP is in all material respects the same as the DSVP described above. The principle differences are that (i) executive Directors may only participate in the SVP and (ii) under the DSVP, if a MRT
whose award is deferred over five or seven years resigns after the third anniversary of grant, they will automatically be treated as an eligible leaver in respect of any unvested tranches of that
award.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 329


Additional information


Cash Value Plan (CVP)   All employees (excluding Directors)   No   Deferred cash award typically released in instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus provisions   –  The CVP is typically used for mandatory deferral of a proportion of bonus where bonus
is above a threshold (set annually by the Committee –  This plan typically works in tandem with the DSVP –  CVP awards vest
over three, five or seven years dependent on future service. –  Vesting is subject to malus, suspension provisions and the other provisions of the
rules of the CVP. –  Participants granted awards before 2018 may be awarded a service credit of 10% of the
initial value of the award on the third anniversary of a grant. –  Change of control and leaver provisions are as for DSVP.
Barclays Long Term  Incentive Plan
(LTIP)   Selected employees (including executive
Directors)   Yes   Awards over Shares subject to risk-adjusted performance
conditions and malus provisions   –  Awarded on a discretionary basis with participation reviewed by the
Committee. –  Awards only vest if the risk-adjusted performance conditions are satisfied over a three
year period. –  LTIP awards vest over seven years dependent on future service. –  Vesting is subject
to malus, suspension provisions and the other provisions of the rules of the LTIP –  Any Shares released under the LTIP award (after payment of tax) will be subject to an
additional holding period of no less than the minimum regulatory requirements (currently 12 months). –  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers normally remain eligible for release (on
the scheduled release dates) pro-rated for time and performance. For other leavers, awards will normally lapse. –  On change of control, awards may vest at the Committee’s
discretion.
Sharesave   All employees in the UK and Ireland   Yes   Options over Shares at a discount of 20%, with Shares delivered or cash value of savings returned after three to five years   –  HMRC tax advantaged plan in the UK and approved by the Revenue Commissioners in
Ireland. –  Opportunity to purchase Shares at a discount price (currently a 20% discount) set on
award date with savings made over three or five year term. –  Maximum individual savings of £300 per month or the Euro equivalent in
Ireland.


330 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


–  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers may exercise options and acquire Shares to
the extent of their savings for six months. –  On change of control, participants may exercise options and acquire Shares to the extent of their savings for six months.
Sharepurchase   All employees in
the UK   Yes   Shares purchased
from gross salary deductions and Dividend/Matching Shares are held in trust for three to five years   –  HMRC tax advantaged plan in the UK –  Participants may
purchase up to £1,800 of Shares each tax year (“Partnership Shares”). –  Barclays matches the first £600 of Partnership Shares on a one for one basis for
each tax year (“Matching Shares”). –  Dividends received are awarded as Dividend Shares. –  Partnership Shares may be withdrawn at any time (though if removed prior to three years
from award, the corresponding Matching Shares are forfeited). –  Depending on reason for and timing of leaving, Matching Shares may be
forfeited. –  On change of control, participants are able to instruct the Sharepurchase trustee how
to act or vote on their behalf in relation to their Shares
Global
Sharepurchase   Employees in
certain non-UK jurisdictions   Yes   Shares purchased
from net salary deductions and Dividend/Matching Shares are held in trust for three to five years   –  Global Sharepurchase is an extension of the Sharepurchase plan (above) –  Operates in
substantially the same way as Sharepurchase but without the tax advantages.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 331


Additional information


Related undertakings


The Barclays Group’s corporate structure consists of a number of related undertakings, comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and
significant other interests. A full list of these undertakings, the country of incorporation and the ownership of each share class is set out below. The information is provided as at 31 December 2018.


The entities are grouped by the countries in which they are incorporated. The profits earned by the activities of these entities are in some cases
taxed in countries other than the country of incorporation. Barclays’ 2018 Country Snapshot provides details of where the Group carries on its business, where its profits are subject to tax and the taxes it pays in each country it operates in.


Wholly owned subsidiaries

Unless otherwise stated the undertakings below are wholly owned and consolidated by Barclays and the share capital disclosed comprises ordinary and/or common shares, 100% of the nominal value of which is held by Barclays Group
subsidiaries.


Notes


A   Directly held by Barclays PLC
B   Partnership Interest
C   Membership Interest
D   Trust Interest
E   Guarantor
F   Preference Shares
G   A Preference Shares
H   B Preference Shares
I   Ordinary/Common Shares in addition to other shares
J   A Ordinary Shares
K   B Ordinary Shares
L   C Ordinary Shares
M   F Ordinary Shares
N   W Ordinary Shares
O   Redeemable Preference Shares
P   Non-Redeemable Ordinary Class A & B
Q   Core Shares and Insurance (Classified) Shares
R   B, C, D, E (94.36%), F (94.36%), G (94.36%), H (94.36%), I (94.36%), J (95.23%) and K Class Shares
S   A Unit Shares, B Unit Shares
T   Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares
U   Preferred Shares Class A,B,C and D


V   Class A Ordinary Shares, Class A Preference Shares, Class B Ordinary Shares, Class C Ordinary Shares, Class C
Preference Shares, Class D Ordinary Shares, Class D Preference Shares, Class E Ordinary Shares, Class E Preference Shares, Class F Ordinary Shares, Class F Preference Shares, Class H 2012 Ordinary Shares,
Class H 2012 Preference Shares, Class H Ordinary Shares, Class H Preference Shares, Class I Preference Shares, Class J Ordinary Shares, Class J Preference Shares
W   First Class Common Shares, Second Class Common Shares
X   PEF Carry Shares
Y   EUR Tracker 1 Shares, GBP Tracker 1 Shares, USD Tracker 1 Shares, USD Tracker 2 Shares, USD Tracker 3 shares
Z   Not Consolidated (see Note 35 Structured entities)
AA   USD Linked Ordinary Shares
BB   Redeemable Class B Shares
CC   A Ordinary, Y Ordinary, Z Ordinary
DD   Nominal Shares
EE   Redeemable Class A & Class B Preference Shares
FF   Class B Redeemable Preference Shares
GG   Class A1 Ordinary Shares, Class A2 Ordinary Shares
HH   Class A Unit Shares
II   A Shares – Tranche I, Premium – Tranche I, C Shares – Tranche II, Premium – Tranche II
JJ   Capital Contribution Shares
KK   Registered Address not in country of incorporation


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Aequor Investments Limited
Ardencroft Investments Limited
B D & B Investments Limited
B.P.B. (Holdings) Limited
Barafor Limited
Barclay Leasing Limited
Barclays (Barley) Limited   J,K
Barclays Aldersgate Investments Limited
Barclays Asset Management Limited
Barclays Bank PLC   A, F, I
Barclays Bank UK PLC   A
Barclays Capital Asia Holdings Limited
Barclays Capital Finance Limited
Barclays Capital Japan Securities Holdings
Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees (No.2) Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees (No.3) Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees Limited
Barclays Capital Principal Investments Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Client Nominee
Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Limited   F, I, O
Barclays CCP Funding LLP   B
Barclays Converted Investments (No.2) Limited
Barclays Direct Investing Nominees Limited
Barclays Directors Limited
Barclays Equity Holdings Limited
Barclays Executive Schemes Trustees Limited
Barclays Financial Planning Nominee Company
Limited
Barclays Funds Investments Limited
Barclays Global Shareplans Nominee Limited
Barclays Group Holdings Limited
Barclays Group Operations Limited
Barclays Industrial Development Limited
Barclays Industrial Investments Limited
Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited
Barclays Investment Management Limited
Barclays Investment Solutions Limited


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Barclays Leasing (No.9) Limited
Barclays Long Island Limited
Barclays Marlist Limited
Barclays Mercantile Business Finance Limited
Barclays Nominees (George Yard) Limited
Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited
Barclays Principal Investments Limited   A, J, K
Barclays Private Bank
Barclays SAMS Limited
Barclays Security Trustee Limited   A
Barclays Services (Japan) Limited
Barclays Services Limited   A
Barclays Shea Limited
Barclays Singapore Global Shareplans Nominee Limited
Barclays Term Funding Limited Liability   B
Partnership
Barclays UK Investments Limited
Barclays Unquoted Investments Limited
Barclays Unquoted Property Investments Limited
Barclays Wealth Nominees Limited
Barclayshare Nominees Limited
Barcosec Limited
Barsec Nominees Limited
BB Client Nominees Limited
BMBF (No.24) Limited
BMI (No.9) Limited
BNRI ENG 2013 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI ENG 2014 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI ENG GP LLP   B
BNRI England 2010 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI England 2011 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI England 2012 Limited Partnership   B
Carnegie Holdings Limited   I, J, K
Chapelcrest Investments Limited
Clydesdale Financial Services Limited
Cobalt Investments Limited
Condor No.1 Limited Partnership   B
Cornwall Homes Loans Limited
CP Flower Guaranteeco (UK) Limited   E


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
CP Propco 1 Limited
CP Propco 2 Limited
CP Topco Limited   J, K
CPIA England 2008 Limited Partnership   B
CPIA England 2009 Limited Partnership   B
CPIA England No.2 Limited Partnership   B
DMW Realty Limited
Dorset Home Loans Limited
Durlacher Nominees Limited
Eagle Financial and Leasing Services (UK) Limited
Equity Value Investments No.1 Limited
Equity Value Investments No.2 Limited
Finpart Nominees Limited
FIRSTPLUS Financial Group Limited
Foltus Investments Limited
Global Dynasty Natural Resource Private   B
Equity Limited Partnership
Globe Nominees Limited
Hawkins Funding Limited
Heraldglen Limited   G, H, I
Investors In Infrastructure Limited
J.V. Estates Limited
Kirsche Investments Limited
Long Island Assets Limited
Maloney Investments Limited
Menlo Investments Limited
Mercantile Credit Company Limited
Mercantile Leasing Company (No.132) Limited
MK Opportunities LP   B
Murray House Investment Management Limited
Naxos Investments Limited
North Colonnade Investments Limited
Northwharf Investments Limited   I, X
Northwharf Nominees Limited
PIA England No.2 Limited Partnership   B
Real Estate Participation Management Limited
Real Estate Participation Services Limited
Relative Value Investments UK Limited   B
Liability Partnership
Relative Value Trading Limited


332 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Related undertakings
continued


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Roder Investments No. 1 Limited   I, Y
Roder Investments No. 2 Limited   I, Y
Ruthenium Investments Limited
RVT CLO Investments LLP   B
Solution Personal Finance Limited
Surety Trust Limited
Swan Lane Investments Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No.1 Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No. 2 Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No.3 Limited
Wedd Jefferson (Nominees) Limited
Westferry Investments Limited
Woolwich Homes Limited
Woolwich Plan Managers Limited
Woolwich Qualifying Employee Share
Ownership Trustee Limited
Woolwich Surveying Services Limited
Zeban Nominees Limited
– Hill House, 1 Little New Street,
London, EC4A 3TR
Barclays Mercantile Limited (In Liquidation)
Barclays Nominees (Branches) Limited (In Liquidation)
Barclays Nominees (K.W.S.) Limited (In Liquidation)
Barclays Stockbrokers Limited (In Liquidation)
Barclays USD Funding LLP (In Liquidation)   B
BMBF (No.3) Limited (In Liquidation)
BMBF (No.6) Limited (In Liquidation)
BMBF (No.9) Limited (In Liquidation)
Gerrard Financial Planning Limited (In Liquidation)
Gerrard Management Services Limited (In Liquidation)
Gerrard Nominees Limited (In Liquidation)
Greig, Middleton Nominees Limited (In Liquidation)
Lombard Street Nominees Limited (In Liquidation)
– 5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf,
London, E14 4BB
Leonis Investments LLP   B
Preferred Liquidity Limited Partnership   B
– Aurora Building, 120 Bothwell Street,
Glasgow, G2 7JS
R.C. Grieg Nominees Limited
– 50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ
BNRI PIA Scot GP Limited
BNRI Scots GP, LLP   B
Pecan Aggregator LP   B
– 1 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3HQ
Keepier Investments (In Liquidation)
– Logic House, Waterfront Business Park, Fleet Road, Fleet, GU1 3SB
The Logic Group Enterprises Limited
The Logic Group Holdings Limited   J
– 9, allée Scheffer, L-2520
Barclays Claudas Investments Partnership   B, KK
Barclays Pelleas Investments Limited   B, KK
Partnership
Blossom Finance General Partnership   B, KK
Argentina
– 855 Leandro N.Alem Avenue, 8th Floor, Buenos Aires
Compañía Sudamerica S.A.
– Marval, O’Farrell & Mairal, Av. Leandro N. Alem 882, Buenos Aires, C1001AAQ
Compañia Regional del Sur S.A.


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Brazil
– Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, No. 4.440, 12th 04538-132
Barclays Brasil Assessoria Financeira Ltda.
BNC Brazil Consultoria Empresarial Ltda
Canada
– 333 Bay Street, Suite 4910, Toronto
ON M5H 2R2
Barclays Capital Canada Inc.
– Stikeman Elliot LLP, 199 Bay Street, 5300 Commerce Court West, Toronto ON M5L 1B9
Barclays Corporation Limited
– 5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4BB
CPIA Canada Holdings   B, KK
Cayman Islands
– Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Alymere Investments Limited   G, H, I
Analytical Trade UK Limited
Barclays Capital (Cayman) Limited
Braven Investments No.1 Limited
Capton Investments Limited
Claudas Investments Limited   I, EE
Claudas Investments Two Limited
CPIA Investments No.1 Limited   V
CPIA Investments No.2 Limited   F, I
Hurley Investments No.1 Limited
Iris Investments 1 Limited (In Liquidation)
Mintaka Investments No. 4 Limited
OGP Leasing Limited
Pelleas Investments Limited
Pelleas Investments Two Limited   F, I
Pippin Island Investments Limited
Razzoli Investments Limited   F, I
RVH Limited   F, I
– PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
Blaytell Limited (In Liquidation)
Coskwo Limited (In Liquidation)
Godler Limited (In Liquidation)
Harflane Limited (In Liquidation)
Hentock Limited (In Liquidation)
Hollygrice Limited (In Liquidation)
Pilkbull Limited (In Liquidation)
Strickyard Limited (In Liquidation)
Winhall Limited (In Liquidation)
– 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
Calthorpe Investments Limited
Gallen Investments Limited
JV Assets Limited   L
Palomino Limited   Z
Wessex Investments Limited
– Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, KY1– 9008
Long Island Holding B Limited
China
– Room 213, Building 1, No. 1000 Chenhui Road, Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park, Shanghai
Barclays Technology Centre (Shanghai)
Company Limited (In Liquidation)
France
– 34/36 avenue de Friedland, Paris, 75008 BBAIL SAS


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Germany
– TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310, Frankfurt
Barclays Capital Effekten GmbH
– Stuttgarter Straße 55-57, 73033 Göppingen
Holding Stuttgarter Straße GmbH
Guernsey
– P.O. Box 33, Dorey Court, Admiral Park, St. Peter Port, GY1 4AT
Barclays Insurance Guernsey PCC Limited   Q
– PO BOX 41, Floor 2, Le Marchant House, Le Truchot, St Peter Port, GY1 3BE
Barclays Nominees (Guernsey) Limited
Hong Kong
– 42nd floor Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza, 3 Garden Road
Barclays Bank (Hong Kong Nominees) Limited (in Liquidation)
Barclays Capital Asia Nominees Limited (In Liquidation)
– Level 41, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen’s Road Central
Barclays Asia Limited
Barclays Capital Asia Limited
India
– 208 Ceejay House, Shivsagar Estate, Dr A Beasant Road, Worli, Mumbai, 400 018
Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited
Barclays Wealth Trustees (India) Private Limited
– Ground to Fourth Floor, Wing 3 – Cluster A, Eon Free Zone, MIDC Knowledge Park, Kharadi, Pune, 411014
Barclays Global Service Centre Private Limited
– Level 10, Block B6, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Off Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai, 40063
Barclays Investments & Loans (India) Limited   F, I
Indonesia
– Barclays House, 12th Floor, Jl. Jend Sudirman Kav. 22-23, Jakarta, 12920
PT Bank Barclays Indonesia (In Liquidation)
– Plaza Lippo, 10th Floor, Jalan Jend, Sudirman Kav 25, Jakarta, 12920
PT Bhadra Buana Persada (In Liquidation)
Ireland
– One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, D02RF29
Barclaycard International Payments Limited
Barclays Bank Ireland Public Limited Company
Barclays Europe Client Nominees Designated Activity Company
Barclays Europe Firm Nominees Designated Activity Company
Barclays Europe Nominees Designated Activity Company
– 25-28 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01H104
Erimon Home Loans Ireland Limited
Isle of Man
– Barclays House, Victoria Street, Douglas
Barclays Nominees (Manx) Limited
– P O Box 9, Victoria Street, Douglas, IM99 1AJ
Barclays Private Clients International Limited   J, K
Japan
– 10-1, Roppongi 6-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Barclays Funds and Advisory Japan Limited
Barclays Securities Japan Limited
Barclays Wealth Services Limited


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 333


Additional information


Related undertakings
continued


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Jersey
– 2nd Floor, Gaspé House, 66-72 Esplanade,
St. Helier, JE1 1G H
CP Newco 1 Limited
CP Newco2 Limited   J, K
CP Newco3 Limited
– La Motte Chambers, St Helier, JE1 1BJ
Barclays Services Jersey Limited
– 39-41 Broad Street, St Helier, JE2
3RR
Barclays Wealth Management Jersey Limited
BIFML PTC Limited
– 13 Castle Street, St. Helier, JE4 5UT
Barclays Index Finance Trust   S
– Lime Grove House, Green Street,
St Helier, JE1 2ST
Barbridge Limited (In Liquidation)   I, DD
– 13 Library Place, St Helier, JE4 8NE
Barclays Nominees (Jersey) Limited
Barclaytrust Channel Islands Limited
– Appleby Trust (Jersey) Limited, PO Box 207, 13-14 Esplanade, St Helier, JE1 1BD
MK Opportunities GP Ltd
Korea, Republic of
– A-1705 Yeouido Park Centre, 28-3
Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul
Barclays Korea GP Limited
Luxembourg
– 9, allée Scheffer, L-2520
Barclays Alzin Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Bayard Investments S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Bedivere Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Bordang Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays BR Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Cantal Investments S.à r.l.   GG
Barclays Capital Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Barclays Capital Trading Luxembourg S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Claudas Investments S.à r.l.   P
Barclays Equity Index Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays International Luxembourg Dollar
Holdings S.à r.l.
Barclays Lamorak Investments S.à r.l.   T
Barclays Leto Investments S.à r.l.   J, K, L
Barclays Luxembourg EUR Holdings S.à r.l   T
Barclays Luxembourg Finance S.à r.l.
Barclays Luxembourg GBP Holdings S.à r.l.   T
Barclays Luxembourg Global Funding S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l.   I, AA
Barclays Luxembourg Holdings SSC   B
Barclays Pelleas Investments S.à r.l.
– 68-70 Boulevard de la Petrusse, L-2320
Adler Toy Holding Sarl
Mauritius
– C/O Rogers Capital Corporate Services, St.
Louis Business Centre, Cnr Desroches & St.
Louis Streets, Port Louis
Barclays Capital Mauritius Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Mauritius Limited
– Fifth Floor, Ebene Esplanade, 24 Cybercity,
Ebene
Barclays (H&B) Mauritius Limited (In
Liquidation)
Barclays Mauritius Overseas Holdings Limited
Mexico
– Paseo de la Reforma 505, 41 Floor, Torre
Mayor, Col. Cuauhtemoc, CP 06500
Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A.   K, M
Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V.   K, M
Grupo Financiero Barclays Mexico, S.A. de C.V.   K, M
Servicios Barclays, S.A. de C.V.


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Monaco
– 31 Avenue de la Costa, BP 339
Barclays Private Asset Management (Monaco)
S.A.M
Netherlands
– Prins Bernhardplein 200, 1097 Hj
Amsterdam
Chewdef BidCo BV. (In Liquidation)
Nigeria
– Southgate House, Udi Street, Osborne
Estate, Ikoyi, Lagos
Barclays Group Representative Office (NIG)
Limited (In Liquidation)
Philippines
– 21/F, Philamlife Tower, 8767 Paseo de
Roxas, Makati City, 1226
Meridian (SPV-AMC) Corporation
Saudi Arabia
– 3rd Floor Al Dahna Center, 114 Al-Ahsa
Street, PO Box 1454, Riyadh 11431
Barclays Saudi Arabia (In Liquidation)
Singapore
– 10 Marina Boulevard, #24-01 Marina
Bay
Financial Centre, Tower 2, 018983
Barclays Bank (Singapore Nominees) Pte Ltd (In
Liquidation)
Barclays Bank (South East Asia) Nominees Pte
Ltd (In Liquidation)
Barclays Capital Futures (Singapore) Private
Limited
Barclays Capital Holdings (Singapore) Private
Limited
Barclays Merchant Bank (Singapore) Ltd.
Spain
– Calle Jose, Abascal 51, 28003, Madrid
Barclays Tenedora De Immuebles SL.
BVP Galvani Global, S.A.U.
Switzerland
– Chemin de Grange Canal 18-20, PO
Box 3941, 1211, Geneva
Barclays Bank (Suisse) S.A.
Barclays Switzerland Services SA
BPB Holdings SA
United States
– Corporation Trust Company, Corporation
Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington
DE 19801
Archstone Equity Holdings Inc
Barclays BWA, Inc.
Barclays Capital Derivatives Funding LLC   C
Barclays Capital Energy Inc.
Barclays Capital Holdings Inc.   G, H, I
Barclays Capital Real Estate Finance Inc.
Barclays Capital Real Estate Holdings Inc.
Barclays Capital Real Estate Inc.
Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC   C
Barclays Electronic Commerce Holdings Inc.
Barclays Financial LLC   C
Barclays Group US Inc.   G, I
Barclays Oversight Management Inc.
Barclays Receivables LLC   C
Barclays Services Corporation
Barclays US CCP Funding LLC   C
Barclays US Funding LLC   C
Barclays US Investments Inc.   J, K


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Barclays US LLC   I, U
BCAP LLC   C
Crescent Real Estate Member LLC   C
Gracechurch Services Corporation
Long Island Holding A LLC   C
LTDL Holdings LLC   C
Marbury Holdings LLC   C
Protium Finance I LLC   C
Protium Master Mortgage LP   B
Protium REO I LP   B
Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC   C
Sutton Funding LLC   C
TPLL LLC   C
TPProperty LLC   C
US Secured Investments LLC   JJ
– 1201 North Market Street, P.O. Box 1347
Wilmington, DE19801
Barclays Bank Delaware   F, I
Procella Investments LLC   C
Procella Investments No.1 LLC   C
Procella Investments No.2 LLC   C
Procella Investments No.3 LLC   C
Verain Investments LLC
– 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400,
Wilmington, DE 19808
Analog Analytics Inc
Protium Master Grantor Trust   D
– 251 Little Falls Drive, New Castle County,
Wilmington DE 19808
Barclays Capital Equities Trading GP   B
Lagalla Investments LLC
Relative Value Holdings, LLC
Surrey Funding Corporation
Sussex Purchasing Corporation
– 745 Seventh Avenue, New York NY 10019
Alynore Investments Limited Partnership   B
Barclays Payment Solutions Inc.
Curve Investments GP   B
Preferred Liquidity, LLC   J
– CT Corporation System, One Corporate
Center, Floor 11, Hartford CT 06103-3220
Barclays Capital Inc.
– c/o RL&F Service Corp, One Rodney Square, 10th Floor, Tenth and King Streets,
Wilmington DE 19801
Analytical Trade Holdings LLC
Analytical Trade Investments LLC   BB
– 100 South West Street, Wilmington DE 19801
Barclays Dryrock Funding LLC   C
Wilmington Riverfront Receivables LLC   J, K
– 15 East North Street, Dover DE 19801
Barclays Services LLC   C
– CT Corporation System, 225 Hillsborough
Street, Raleigh, NC 27603
Barclays US GPF Inc.
– CT Corporation System, 350 North St. Paul
Street, Dallas TX 75201
La Torretta Beverages LLC   C
La Torretta Hospitality LLC   C
La Torretta Operations LLC   C
– 500 Forest Point Circle, Charlotte, North
Carolina 28273
Equifirst Corporation (In Liquidation)
– Aon Insurance Managers (USA) Inc., 76 St. Paul Street, Suite 500, Burlington,
VT05401-4477
Barclays Insurance U.S. Inc.
Zimbabwe
– 2 Premium Close, Mount Pleasant Business
Park, Mount Pleasant , Harare
Branchcall Computers (Pvt) Limited


334 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Related undertakings
continued


Other Related Undertakings


Unless otherwise stated, the undertakings below are consolidated and the share capital disclosed comprises ordinary and/or common shares which are
held by subsidiaries of the Group. The Group’s overall ownership percentage is provided for each undertaking.


Other Related
Undertakings   Percentage   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Barclaycard Funding PLC   75.00   %   J
PSA Credit Company Limited (In Liquidation)   50.00   %   J, L
Barclays Covered Bond Funding LLP   50.00   %   B
– 1 Poultry, London, England, EC2R 8EJ
Igloo Regeneration (General Partner) Limited   25.00   %   L, Z
– 3 – 5 London Road, Rainham, Kent, ME8 7RG
Trade Ideas Limited   20.00   %   Z
– Derby Training Centre, Ascot Drive, Derby, DE24 8GW
Develop Training Group Limited   65.47   %   CC, Z
– 50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9BY
Equistone Founder Partner II L.P.   20.00   %   B, Z
Equistone Founder Partner III L.P.   35.00   %   B, Z
– Building 6 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5HR
Intelligent Processing Solutions Limited   19.50   %   Z
– 20-22 Bedford Row, London, WC1R 4JS
Cyber Defence Alliance Limited   25.00   %   E, Z
– 30 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7PG
Gresham Leasing March (3) Limited   30.00   %   Z
– 80 New Bond Street, London, W1S 1SB
GW City Ventures Limited   50.00   %   K, Z
– 5th Floor, 70 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0XL
Camperdown UK Limited   50.00   %   J, Z
– 2nd Floor, 110 Cannon Street, London, EC4N 6EU
Vectorcommand Limited (in Liquidation)   30.39   %   J, K, Z
– 55 Baker Street, London, W1U 7EU
Formerly H Limited (In Liquidation)   70.32   %   J, Z
– 15 Canada Square, London, E14 5GL
Woolwich Countryside Limited (In Liquidation)   50.00   %   N, Z
– Haberfield Old Moor Road, Wennington, Lancaster, LA2 8PD
Full House Holdings Limited   67.43   %   J, Z
– 6th Floor 60 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0HR
BMC (UK) Limited   40.18   %   F, J, Z
– Central House, 124 High Street, Hampton Hill, Middlesex , TW12 1NS
Rio Laranja Holdings Limited   45.00   %   J, Z
– 13-15 York Buildings, London, WC2N 6JU
BGF Group Limited   24.48   %   Z
– Hill House, 1 Little New Street, London, EC4A 3TR
Claas Finance Limited (In Liquidation)   51.00   %   K
– Gate House, Turnpike Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire, HP12 3NR
GN Tower Limited   50.00   %   Z
– Victoria Works, Thrumpton Lane, Retford, Nottinghamshire, DN22 6HH
Crosslink Technology Holdings Limited   19.97   %   F, K, Z


Other Related
Undertakings   Percentage   Note
Cayman Islands
– Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Cupric Canyon Capital LP   40.19%   HH, Z
Cupric Canyon Capital GP Limited   50.00%   Z
Southern Peaks Mining LP   55.69%   HH, Z
SPM GP Limited   90.10%   Z
Third Energy Holdings Limited   78.94%   F, J, K, Z
Germany
– Schopenhauerstraße 10, D-90409, Nurnberg
Eschenbach Holding GmbH   21.70%   Z
Eschenbach Optik GmbH   21.70%   Z
Korea, Republic of
– 18th Floor, Daishin Finance Centre, 343, Samil-daero, Jung-go, Seoul
Woori BC Pegasus   70.00%   W
Securitization Specialty Co., Limited
Luxembourg
– 9, allée Scheffer, L-2520
BNRI Limehouse No.1 Sarl   96.30%   R
Partnership Investments S.à r.l.   33.40%   I, J ,K ,L
Preferred Funding S.à r.l.   33.33%   FF
Preferred Investments S.à r.l.   33.33%   FF, I
Malta
– RS2 Buildings, Fort Road, Mosta MST 1859
RS2 Software PLC   18.25%   Z
Monaco
– 31 Avenue de la Costa, Monte Carlo
Societe Civile Immobiliere 31 Avenue de la Costa   75.00%
Netherlands
– Alexanderstraat 18, 2514 JM, The Hague
Tulip Oil Holding BV   30.36%   II, Z
South Africa
– 9 Elektron Road, Techno Park, Stellenbosch 7600
Imalivest Mineral Resources LP   66.41%   J, K, Z
Sweden
– c/o ForeningsSparbanken AB, 105 34 Stockholm
EnterCard Group AB   40.00%   K, Z
United States of America
– 777 Main Street, Fort Worth TX 76102
CRE Diversified Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Legacy LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Crown Land Holding SPV LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential LP, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential, L.P.   80.00%   B, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Resort Development LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Tower Residences GP, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Tower Residences, L.P.   80.00%   B, Z
Crescent TRS Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
CREW Tahoe Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
CREW Tahoe LLC   60.80%   C, Z
DBL Texas Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Desert Mountain Development LLC   80.00%   C, Z


Other Related
Undertakings   Percentage   Note
Desert Mountain Properties Limited Partnership   74.40%   B, Z
East West Resort Development V, L.P., L.L.L.P.   74.75%   B, Z
East West Resort Development VII LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Gray’s Station, LLC   56.96%   C, Z
Mira Vista Development LLC   78.40%   C, Z
Mira Vista Golf Club, L.C.   76.83%   Z
Mountainside Partners LLC   80.00%   C, Z
MVWP Investors LLC   60.80%   C, Z
Northstar Mountain Properties, LLC   60.80%   C, Z
Northstar Trailside Townhomes, LLC   60.80%   C, Z
Northstar Village Townhomes, LLC   56.93%   C, Z
Tahoe Club Company, LLC   60.80%   C, Z
Tahoe Club Employee Company   60.80%   Z
– 126 Riverfront Lane , 5th Floor, Drawer 2770, Avon, CO 81620
Blue River Land Company, LLC   39.55%   C, Z
East West Resort Development XIV, L.P., L.L.L.P.   33.52%   B, Z
EWRD Summit, LLC   79.10%   C, Z
– 1701 Wynkoop Street, Suite 140, Box 47, Denver, CO 80202
Central Platte Valley Management, LLC   51.78%   C, Z
St. Charles Place, LLC   47.63%   C, Z
The Park at One Riverfront, LLC   47.63%   C, Z
Union Center LLC   51.78%   C, Z
– Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801
DG Solar Lessee II, LLC   50.00%   C, Z
DG Solar Lessee, LLC   50.00%   C, Z
VS BC Solar Lessee I LLC   50.00%   C, Z
– 1415 Louisiana Street, Suite 1600, Houston, Texas, 77002
Sabine Oil & Gas Holdings, Inc.   23.25%   Z


Subsidiaries by virtue of control The related undertakings below are subsidiaries in accordance with s.1162 Companies Act 2006 as Barclays can exercise dominant influence or control
over them.
Subsidiaries by virtue of
control   Percentage   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Oak Pension Asset   00.00%   Z
Management Limited
Water Street Investments Limited   00.00%   Z
Cayman Islands
– PO Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Hornbeam Limited   00.00%   Z
Barclays US Holdings Limited   10.00%   J
Joint Ventures
The related undertakings below are Joint Ventures in accordance with s. 18, Schedule 4, The Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 and are proportionally consolidated.
Joint Ventures   Percentage   Note
United Kingdom
– All Saints Triangle, Caledonian Road, London, N1 9UT
Vaultex UK Limited   50.00%   Z
Joint management factors
The Joint Venture Board comprises two Barclays representative directors, two JV partner directors and three non-JV partner directors. The Board are responsible for setting the company strategy and budgets.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 335


Glossary of terms


‘A-IRB’
 / ‘Advanced-Internal Ratings Based’
See ‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’.

‘ABS CDO Super
Senior’
 Super senior tranches of debt linked to collateralised debt obligations of asset backed securities (defined below). Payment of super senior tranches takes priority over other
obligations.

‘Acceptances and endorsements’

An acceptance is an undertaking by a bank to pay a bill of exchange drawn on a customer. The Barclays Group expects most acceptances to be presented, but reimbursement by the customer is normally immediate. Endorsements are residual liabilities of
the Barclays Group in respect of bills of exchange which have been paid and subsequently rediscounted.


‘Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital’
AT1 capital largely
comprises eligible
non-common
 equity capital securities and any related share premium.

‘Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities’

Non-common
 equity securities that are eligible as AT1 capital.


‘Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA)’
 Under
the AMA, banks are allowed to develop their own empirical model to quantify required capital for operational risk. Banks can only use this approach subject to approval from their local regulators.


‘Agencies’
 Bonds issued by state and / or government
agencies or government-sponsored entities.

‘Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities’
 Mortgage-Backed Securities issued by government-sponsored entities.


‘All price risk (APR)’
 An estimate of all the material
market risks, including rating migration and default for the correlation trading portfolio.

‘American
Depository Receipts (ADR)’
 A negotiable certificate that represents the ownership of shares in a
non-US
 company (for example Barclays) trading in US
financial markets.

‘Americas’
 Geographic
segment comprising the USA, Canada and countries where Barclays operates within Latin America.

‘Annual
Earnings at Risk (AEaR)’
 A measure of the potential change in Net Interest Income (NII) due to an adverse interest rate movements over a predefined time horizon.


‘Annualised cumulative weighted average lifetime PD’
 The
probability of default over the remaining life of the asset, expressed as an annual rate, reflecting a range of possible economic scenarios.

‘Application scorecards’
 Algorithm based decision tools used to aid business decisions and manage credit risk based on available customer data
at the point of application for a product.

‘Arrears’
Customers are said to be in arrears when they are behind in fulfilling their obligations with the result that an outstanding loan is unpaid or overdue. Such customers are also said to be in a state of
delinquency. When a customer is in arrears, their entire outstanding balance is said to be delinquent, meaning that delinquent balances are the total outstanding loans on which payments are overdue.


‘Arrears Managed Accounts’
 Arrears Managed Accounts are
principally Business Lending customers in arrears with an exposure limit less than £50,000 in the UK and
€
100,000 in Europe, supervised using processes designed to manage a
homogeneous set of assets.

‘Asia’
 Geographic
segment comprising countries where Barclays operates within Asia and the Middle East.

‘Asset Backed
Commercial Paper’
 Typically short-term notes secured on specified assets issued by consolidated special purpose entities for funding purposes.


‘Asset Backed Securities (ABS)’
 Securities that
represent an interest in an underlying pool of referenced assets. The referenced pool can comprise any assets which attract a set of associated cash flows but are commonly pools of residential or commercial mortgages and, in the case of
Collateralised Debt Obligations (CDOs), the referenced pool may be ABS or other classes of assets.


‘Attributable profit’
 Profit after tax that is
attributable to ordinary equity holders of Barclays PLC adjusted for the after tax amounts of capital securities classified as equity.

‘Average allocated tangible shareholders equity’
Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible
shareholders’ equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible shareholders’ equity. The average allocated tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter / year is the average of the monthly averages within that
quarter / year.


336 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Average tangible shareholders’ equity’
Calculated
as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible shareholders’ equity and the current month’s period end tangible shareholders’ equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter / year is the
average of the monthly averages within that quarter / year.

‘Average UK leverage ratio’
 As per the PRA rulebook, is calculated as the average capital measure based on the last day of each month in the quarter divided by the average exposure measure for the quarter, where the average exposure
is based on each day in the quarter

‘Back testing’
 Includes a number of techniques that assess the continued statistical validity of a model by simulating how the model would have predicted recent experience.


‘BAGL’ or ‘Barclays Africa’
Barclays Africa
Group Limited, which was previously a subsidiary of the Barclays Group. Following a sell down of shares resulting in a loss of control, the Barclays Group’s shareholding in BAGL is now classified as a financial asset at fair value through other
comprehensive income.

‘Balance weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio’
 In the context of the credit risk disclosures on secured home loans, a means of calculating marked to market LTVs derived by calculating individual LTVs at account level and weighting it by the balances to
arrive at the average position. Balance weighted loan to value is calculated using the following formula: LTV = ((loan balance 1 x MTM LTV% for loan 1) + (loan balance 2 x MTM LTV% for loan 2) + ... ) / total outstandings in portfolio.


‘Barclaycard’
 An international consumer payments
business serving the needs of businesses and consumers through credit cards, consumer lending, merchant acquiring, commercial cards and point of sale finance. Barclaycard has scaled operations in UK, US, Germany and Scandinavia.


‘Barclaycard Consumer UK’
 The international Barclaycard
business, Barclays Business Solutions and the international Wealth business.

‘Barclays’ or
’Barclays Group’
 Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries.

‘Barclays Bank Group’
 Barclays Bank PLC together with its subsidiaries.


‘Barclays Bank UK Group’
Barclays Bank UK PLC together
with its subsidiaries.

‘Barclays Operating businesses’
The core Barclays businesses operated by Barclays UK (which include the UK Personal business, the small UK Corporate and UK Wealth businesses and the Barclaycard UK consumer credit cards business) and
Barclays International (which include the large UK Corporate business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the Investment Bank; the international Barclaycard business; and Barclaycard Business Solutions).


‘Barclays Direct’
 A Barclays brand, comprising the
savings and mortgage businesses.

‘Barclays Execution Services’ or ‘BX’ or BSerL’ or
‘Group Service Company’
 Barclays Services Limited, the Group services company set up to provide services to Barclays UK and Barclays International to deliver operational continuity.


‘Barclays International’
 The segment of
Barclays held by Barclays Bank PLC which has not been ring-fenced as part of regulatory ring fencing requirements. The division includes the large UK Corporate business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the Investment Bank;
the international Barclaycard business (consisting of the US, German and Nordic consumer credit cards businesses); and Barclaycard Business Solutions (including merchant acquiring).


‘Barclays

Non-Core’
 The previously reported unit comprising of a group of businesses and assets that were exited or run down by Barclays, which was closed in
2017.

‘Barclays UK’
 The segment of Barclays
held by Barclays Bank UK PLC which has been ring-fenced as part of regulatory ring fencing requirements. The division includes the UK Personal business; the small UK Corporate and UK Wealth businesses; and the Barclaycard UK consumer credit
cards business.

‘Basel 3’
 The third of the
Basel Accords, setting minimum requirements and standards that apply to internationally active banks. Basel 3 is a set of measures developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision aiming to strengthen the regulation, supervision and risk
management of banks.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 337


Glossary of terms


‘Basel Committee of Banking Supervision (BCBS or The Basel Committee)’
 A forum for regular cooperation on banking supervisory matters which develops global supervisory standards for the banking industry. Its 45 members are officials from central banks or prudential supervisors
from 28 jurisdictions.

‘Basic Indicator Approach (BIA)’
Under the BIA, banks are required to hold regulatory capital for operational risk equal to 15% of the annual average, calculated over a rolling three-year period, of the relevant income indicator for the
bank as whole.

‘Basis point(s)’ / ‘bp(s)’
 One hundredth of a per cent (0.01%); 100 basis points is 1%. The measure is used in quoting movements in interest rates, yields on securities and for other purposes.


‘Basis risk’
 Index/Tenor risk, that arises when floating
rate products are linked to different interest rate indices, which are imperfectly correlated, especially under stressed market conditions.

‘Behavioural scorecards’
 Algorithm based decision tools used to aid business decisions and manage credit risk based on existing customer data
derived from account usage.

‘Book quality’

In the context of the Funding Risk, Capital Risk section, changes in RWAs caused by factors such as underlying customer behaviour or demographics leading to changes in risk profile.


‘Book size’
In the context of the Funding Risk, Capital
Risk section, changes in RWAs driven by business activity, including net originations or repayments.


‘Business Banking’
 Offers specialist advice, products
and services to small and medium enterprises in the UK.

‘Business Lending’
Business Lending in Barclays UK that primarily relates to small and medium enterprises typically with exposures up to £3m or with a turnover up to £5m.


‘Business scenario stresses’
Multi asset scenario
analysis of extreme, but plausible events that may impact the market risk exposures of the Investment Bank.


‘Buy to let mortgage’
A mortgage where the intention of
the customer (investor) was to let the property at origination.

‘Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB)’

Common Equity Tier 1 capital required to be held under CRD IV to ensure that banks build up surplus capital outside periods of stress which can be drawn down if losses are incurred.


‘Capital ratios’
 Key financial ratios measuring the
Bank’s capital adequacy or financial strength expressed as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets.


‘Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR)’
 Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013, which accompanies CRD IV and sets out detailed rules for capital eligibility, the calculation of RWAs, the measurement of leverage, the management of large exposures and minimum standards for liquidity.


‘Capital requirements on the underlying exposures
(KIRB)’
 An approach available to banks when calculating Risk Weighted Assets for securitisation exposures. This is based upon the RWA amounts that would be calculated under the IRB approach
for the underlying pool of securitised exposures in the program, had such exposures not been securitised.


‘Capital resources’
 Common Equity Tier 1, Additional
Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital those are eligible to satisfy capital requirements under CRD IV.

‘Capital
risk’
 The risk that the Barclays Group has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under
normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the Barclays Group’s pension plans.


‘Central Counterparty’ / ‘Central Clearing Counterparties (CCPs)’
 A clearing house mediating between the buyer and the seller in a financial transaction, such as a derivative contract or repurchase agreement (repo). Where a central counterparty is used, a single
bi-lateral
 contract between the buyer and seller is replaced with two contracts, one between the buyer and the CCP and one between the CCP and the seller. The use of CCPs allows for greater oversight and improved
credit risk mitigation in
over-the-counter
 (OTC) markets.


338 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Charge-off’
 In
the retail segment this refers to the point in time when collections activity changes from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the full balance. This is normally when six payments are in arrears.


‘Charges
add-on
 and non VaR’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, any additional Market Risk not captured within Modelled VaR, including Incremental Risk Charges and Correlation Risk.


‘Client Assets’
 Assets managed or administered by
Barclays Group on behalf of clients including assets under management (AUM), custody assets, assets under administration and client deposits.

‘CLOs and Other insured assets’
 Highly rated CLO positions wrapped by monolines,
non-CLOs
 wrapped by
monolines and other assets wrapped with Credit Support Annex (CSA) protection.

‘Collateralised Debt
Obligation (CDO)’
 Securities issued by a third party which reference Asset Backed Securities (ABSs) (defined above) and/or certain other related assets purchased by the issuer. CDOs may
feature exposure to
sub-prime
 mortgage assets through the underlying assets.

‘Collateralised Loan Obligation (CLO)’
 A security backed by the repayments from a pool of commercial loans. The payments may be made to
different classes of owners (in tranches).

‘Collateralised Mortgage Obligation (CMO)’
A type of security backed by mortgages. A special purpose entity receives income from the mortgages and passes them on to investors of the security.


‘Collectively assessed impairment allowances’
Impairment
of financial assets is measured collectively where a portfolio comprises homogenous assets and where appropriate statistical techniques are available.

‘Combined Buffer Requirement’
In the context of the CRD IV capital obligations, the combined requirements of the Capital Conservation Buffer,
the GSII Buffer, the OSII buffer, the Systemic Risk buffer and an institution specific counter-cyclical buffer.


‘Commercial paper (CP)’
Short-term notes issued by
entities, including banks, for funding purposes.

‘Commercial real estate (CRE)’
 Commercial real estate includes office buildings, industrial property, medical centres, hotels, retail stores, shopping centres, farm land, multifamily housing buildings, warehouses, garages, and industrial
properties and other similar properties. Commercial real estate loans are loans backed by a package of commercial real estate. Note: for the purposes of the Credit Risk section, the UK CRE portfolio includes property investment, development, trading
and housebuilders but excludes social housing contractors.

‘Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the
Treadway Commission Framework (COSO)’
 A joint initiative of five private sector organisations dedicated to providing development of frameworks and guidance on enterprise risk management,
internal control and fraud deterrence.

‘Commodity derivatives’
Exchange traded and
over-the-counter
 (OTC) derivatives based on an underlying commodity (e.g. metals, precious metals, oil and
oil related, power and natural gas).

‘Commodity risk’
 Measures the impact of changes in commodity prices and volatilities, including the basis between related commodities (e.g. Brent vs. WTI crude prices).


‘Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital’
 The highest
quality form of regulatory capital under Basel III that comprises common shares issued and related share premium, retained earnings and other reserves, less specified regulatory adjustments.


‘Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio’
 A measure of Common
Equity Tier 1 capital expressed as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets.

‘Compensation: income
ratio’
The ratio of compensation expense over total income. Compensation represents total staff costs less
non-compensation
 items consisting of
outsourcing, bank payroll tax, staff training, redundancy costs and retirement costs.

‘Comprehensive
Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)’
 An annual exercise, required by and evaluated by the Federal Reserve, through which the largest bank holding companies operating in the United States
assess whether they have sufficient capital to continue operations through periods of economic and financial stress and have robust capital-planning processes that account for their unique risks.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 339


Glossary of terms


‘Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM)’
 An estimate of all the
material market risks, including rating migration and default for the correlation trading portfolio. Also referred to as All Price Risk (APR) and Comprehensive Risk Capital Charge (CRCC).


‘Conduct risk’
 The risk of detriment to customers,
clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct.


‘Constant Currency Basis’
 Excluding the impact of
foreign currency conversion to GBP when comparing financial results in two different financial periods.


‘Consumer, Cards and Payments’
 The international
Barclaycard business, Barclays Business Solutions and the international Wealth business.

‘Contingent
capital notes (CCNs)’
 Interest bearing debt securities issued by Barclays Group or its subsidiaries that are either permanently written off or converted into an equity instrument from the
issuer’s perspective in the event of the Barclays Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio falling below a specific level, or at the direction of regulators.


‘Conversion Trigger’
 Used in the context of Contingent
Capital Notes and AT1 securities. A capital adequacy trigger event occurs when the CET1 ratio of the bank falls below a certain level (the trigger) as defined in the Terms & Conditions of the instruments issued. See Contingent Capital
Notes.

‘Core deposit intangibles’
 Premium
paid to acquire the deposit base of an institution.

‘Correlation risk’
 Refers to the change in marked to market value of a security when the correlation between the underlying assets changes over time.


‘Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB)’
 Barclays
Corporate and Investment Banking businesses which form part of Barclays International.

‘Cost: income
ratio’
 Operating expenses divided by total income.


‘Cost of Equity’
 The rate of return targeted by the
equity holders of a company.

‘Cost: net operating income ratio’
Operating expenses compared to total income less credit impairment charges and other provisions.

‘Cost to income jaws’
 Relationship of the percentage change movement in operating expenses relative to total income.


‘Counter-Cyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB)’
 CET1 Capital
that is required to be held under CRD IV rules to ensure that banks build up surplus capital when macroeconomic conditions indicate areas of the economy are overheating.


‘Countercyclical leverage ratio buffer (CCLB)’
A
macroprudential buffer that applies to all Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) regulated institutions from 2018 and is calculated at 35% of any risk weighted countercyclical capital buffer set by the Financial Policy Committee (FPC). The CCLB
applies in addition to the minimum of 3.25% and any
G-SII
 additional Leverage Ratio Buffer that applies.

‘Counterparty credit risk’
 The risk related to a counterparty defaulting before the final settlement of a transaction’s cash flows. In
the context of Risk Weighted Assets, a component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss in derivatives, repurchase agreements and similar transactions resulting from the default of the counterparty.


‘Coverage ratio’
This represents the percentage of
impairment allowance reserve against the gross exposure.

‘Covered bonds’
 Debt securities backed by a portfolio of mortgages that are segregated from the issuer’s other assets solely for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds.


‘CRD IV’
The Fourth Capital Requirements Directive, an
EU Directive and an accompanying Regulation (CRR) that together prescribe EU capital adequacy and liquidity requirements and implements Basel 3 in the European Union.


’Credit conversion factor (CCF)’
 Factor used to estimate
the risk from
off-balance
 sheet commitments for the purpose of calculating the total Exposure at Default (EAD) used to calculate Risk Weighted Assets.


‘Credit default swaps (CDS)’
A contract under which the
protection seller receives premiums or interest-related payments in return for contracting to make payments to the protection buyer in the event of a defined credit event. Credit events normally include bankruptcy, payment default on a reference
asset or assets, or downgrades by a rating agency.


340 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Credit derivatives (CDs)’
 An arrangement whereby the
credit risk of an asset (the reference asset) is transferred from the buyer to the seller of the protection.


‘Credit impairment charges’
 Also known as ‘credit
impairment’. Impairment charges on loans and advances to customers and banks and impairment charges on available for sale assets and reverse repurchase agreements.


‘Credit market exposures’
Assets and other instruments
relating to commercial real estate and leveraged finance businesses that have been significantly impacted by the deterioration in the global credit markets. The exposures include positions subject to fair value movements in the Income Statement,
positions that are classified as loans and advances and available for sale and other assets.

‘Credit
Products’

Represents credit products and Securitised Products.

‘Credit quality step’
 In the context of the Standardised Approach to calculating credit risk RWAs, a “credit quality assessment
scale” maps the credit assessments of a recognised credit rating agency or export credit agency to credit quality steps that determine the risk weight to be applied to an exposure.


‘Credit Rating’
 An evaluation of the
creditworthiness of an entity seeking to enter into a credit agreement.

‘Credit risk’
The risk of loss to Barclays from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to Barclays, including the whole and timely payment of
principal, interest, collateral and other receivables. In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, it is the component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss in loans and advances and similar transactions resulting from the default of
the counterparty.

‘Credit Risk Loans (CRLs)’

A loan becomes a credit risk loan when evidence of deterioration has been observed, for example a missed payment or other breach of covenant. A loan may be reported in one of three categories:
(i) impaired loans; (ii) accruing past due 90 days or more; and (iii) restructured loans. These may include loans which, while impaired, are still performing but have associated individual impairment allowances raised against them.


‘Credit risk mitigation’
A range of
techniques and strategies to actively mitigate credit risks to which the bank is exposed. These can be broadly divided into three types; collateral, netting and
set-off,
 and risk transfer.


‘Credit spread’
 The premium over the benchmark or
risk-free rate required by the market to accept a lower credit quality.

‘Credit Valuation Adjustment
(CVA)’
 The difference between the risk-free value of a portfolio of trades and the market value which takes into account the counterparty’s risk of default. The CVA therefore
represents an estimate of the adjustment to fair value that a market participant would make to incorporate the credit risk of the counterparty due to any failure to perform on contractual agreements.


‘CRL Coverage’
 Impairment allowances as a percentage of
total CRLs (See ‘Credit Risk Loans’). Also known as the ‘CRL coverage ratio’.

‘CRR
leverage exposure’
 Is calculated in accordance with article 429 as per the CRR.

‘CRR leverage ratio’
 Is calculated using the CRR definition of Tier 1 capital for the numerator and the CRR definition of leverage exposure as
the denominator.

‘Customer assets’

Represents loans and advances to customers. Average balances are calculated as the sum of all daily balances for the year to date divided by number of days in the year to date.


‘Customer deposits’
 In the context of Funding Risk,
Liquidity Risk section, money deposited by all individuals and companies that are not credit institutions. Such funds are recorded as liabilities in the Barclays Group’s balance sheet under Customer Accounts.


‘Customer liabilities’
 Customer deposits.


‘Customer net interest income’
 The sum of customer asset
and customer liability net interest income. Customer net interest income reflects interest related to customer assets and liabilities only and does not include any interest on securities or other
non-customer

assets and liabilities.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 341


Glossary of terms


‘CVA volatility charge’
The volatility charge added to
exposures that adjusts for
mid-market
 valuation on a portfolio of transactions with a counterparty. This is to reflect the current market value of the credit risk associated with the counterparty to the
Barclays Group. The charge is prescribed by the CRR.

‘DBRS’
 A credit rating agency.

‘Debit Valuation Adjustment
(DVA)’
 The opposite of Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA). It is the difference between the risk-free value of a portfolio of trades and the market value which takes into account the
Barclays Group’s risk of default. The DVA, therefore, represents an estimate of the adjustment to fair value that a market participant would make to incorporate the credit risk of the Barclays Group due to any failure to perform on contractual
obligations. The DVA decreases the value of a liability to take into account a reduction in the remaining balance that would be settled should the Barclays Group default or not perform any contractual obligations.


‘Debt
buy-backs’


Purchases of the Barclays Group’s issued debt securities, including equity accounted instruments, leading to their
de-recognition
 from the balance
sheet.

‘Debt securities in issue’

Transferable securities evidencing indebtedness of the Barclays Group. These are liabilities of the Barclays Group and include certificates of deposit and commercial paper.


‘Default grades’
 Barclays Group classify ranges of
default probabilities into a set of 21 intervals called default grades, in order to distinguish differences in the probability of default risk.

‘Default fund contributions’
 The amount of contribution made by members of a central counterparty (CCP). All members are required to
contribute to this fund in advance of using a CCP. The default fund can be used by the CCP to cover losses incurred by the CCP where losses are greater than the margins provided by that member.


‘Derivatives’
 In the context of
Non-Core
 Analysis of Total income, Derivatives comprise non strategic businesses from the
non-core
 Investment Bank


‘Derivatives netting’
Adjustments applied across asset
and liability
mark-to-market
 derivative positions pursuant to legally enforceable bilateral netting agreements and eligible cash collateral received in derivative
transactions that meet the requirements of BCBS 270.

‘Diversification effect’
 Reflects the fact the risk of a diversified portfolio is smaller than the sum of the risks of its constituent parts. It is measured as the sum of the individual asset class DVaR (see above) estimates less
the total DVaR.

‘Dodd-Frank Act (DFA)’
 The
US Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.

‘Early warning lists
(EWL)’
 Categorisations for wholesale customers used to identify at an early stage those customers where it is believed that difficulties may develop, allowing timely corrective action to be
taken. There are three categories of EWL, with risk increasing from EWL 1 (caution) to EWL 2 (medium) and EWL 3 (high). It is expected that most cases would be categorised EWL 1 before moving to 2 or 3, but it is recognised that some cases may be
categorised to EWL 2 or 3 directly.

‘Early Warning List (EWL) Managed accounts’
EWL Managed accounts are Business Lending customers that exceed the Arrears Managed Accounts limits and are monitored with standard processes that record heightened levels of risk through an EWL grading.


‘Earnings per Share contribution’
 The
attributable profit or loss generated by a particular business or segment divided by the weighted average number of Barclays shares in issue to illustrate on a per share basis how that business or segment contributes total earnings per share.


‘Economic Value of Equity (EVE)’
 A measure
of the potential change in value of expected future cash flows due to an adverse interest rate movement, based on existing balance sheet
run-off
 profile.


‘Effective Expected Positive Exposure (EEPE)’

The
weighted average over time of effective expected exposure. The weights are the proportion that an individual exposure represents of the entire exposure horizon time interval.


‘Encumbrance’
 The use of assets to secure liabilities,
such as by way of a lien or charge.

‘Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF)’
 Barclays Group risk management responsibilities are laid out in the Enterprise Risk Management Framework, which describes how Barclays identifies and manages risk. The framework identifies the principal
risks faced by


342 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


the Barclays Group; sets out risk appetite requirements; sets out roles and responsibilities for risk management; and sets out risk committee
structure.

‘Equities’
Trading businesses
encompassing Cash Equities, Equity Derivatives & Equity Financing

‘Equity and stock index
derivatives’
Derivatives whose value is derived from equity securities. This category includes equity and stock index swaps and options (including warrants, which are equity options listed
on an exchange). The Barclays Group also enters into fund-linked derivatives, being swaps and options whose underlyings include mutual funds, hedge funds, indices and multi-asset portfolios. An equity swap is an agreement between two parties to
exchange periodic payments, based upon a notional principal amount, with one side paying fixed or floating interest and the other side paying based on the actual return of the stock or stock index. An equity option provides the buyer with the right,
but not the obligation, either to purchase or sell a specified stock, basket of stocks or stock index at a specified price or level on or before a specified date.


‘Equity risk’
 In the context of trading book capital
requirements, the risk of change in market value of an equity investment.

‘Equity structural
hedge’
 An interest rate hedge in place to reduce earnings volatility of the overnight / short term equity investment and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term.


‘Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)’
 A benchmark
interest rate at which banks can borrow funds from other banks in the European interbank market.


‘Europe’
Geographic segment comprising countries in
which Barclays operates within the EU (excluding UK), Northern Continental and Eastern Europe.

‘European
Banking Authority (EBA)’
 The European Banking Authority (EBA) is an independent EU Authority which works to ensure effective and consistent prudential regulation and supervision across the
European banking sector. Its overall objectives are to maintain financial stability in the EU and to safeguard the integrity, efficiency and orderly functioning of the banking sector.


‘European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA)’
 An
independent European Supervisory Authority with the remit of enhancing the protection of investors and reinforcing stable and well-functioning financial markets in the European Union.


‘
Eurozone’
 Represents the 19 European Union
countries that have adopted the euro as their common currency. The 19 countries are Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia
and Spain.

‘Expected Credit Losses (ECL)’
 A
present value measure of the credit losses expected to result from default events that may occur during a specified period of time. ECLs must reflect the present value of cash shortfalls, and must reflect the unbiased and probability weighted
assessment of a range of outcomes.

‘Expected Losses’
 A regulatory measure of anticipated losses for exposures captured under an internals ratings based credit risk approach for capital adequacy calculations. It is measured as the Barclays Group’s
modelled view of anticipated losses based on Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD), with a
one-year
 time horizon.


’Expert lender models’
 Models of risk measures that are
used for parts of the portfolio where the risk drivers are specific to a particular counterparty, but where there is insufficient data to support the construction of a statistical model. These models utilise the knowledge of credit experts that have
in depth experience of the specific customer type being modelled.

‘Exposure’
Generally refers to positions or actions taken by the bank, or consequences thereof, that may put a certain amount of a bank’s resources at risk.


‘Exposure at Default (EAD)’
 The estimation of the extent
to which Barclays Group may be exposed to a customer or counterparty in the event of, and at the time of, that counterparty’s default. At default, the customer may not have drawn the loan fully or may already have repaid some of the principal,
so that exposure may be less than the approved loan limit.

‘External Credit Assessment Institutions
(ECAI)’
 Institutions whose credit assessments may be used by credit institutions for the determination of risk weight exposures according to CRD IV.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 343


Glossary of terms


‘Federal Reserve Board (FRB)’
 Is the governing board of
the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, in charge of making the country’s monetary policy.

‘Financial Policy Committee (FPC)’
 The Bank of England’s Financial Policy Committee (FPC) identifies, monitors and takes action to remove
or reduce systemic risks with a view to protecting and enhancing the resilience of the UK financial system. The FPC also has a secondary objective to support the economic policy of the UK Government.


‘F-IRB
 / Foundation-Internal Ratings Based’
 See ‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’.

‘Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA)’
 The statutory body responsible for conduct of business regulation and supervision of UK authorised firms. The FCA also has responsibility for the prudential
regulation of firms that do not fall within the PRA’s scope.

‘Financial Services Compensation
Scheme (FSCS)’
 The UK’s fund for compensation of authorised financial services firms that are unable to pay claims.


‘Financial collateral comprehensive method (FCCM)’
 A
counterparty credit risk exposure calculation approach which applies volatility adjustments to the market value of exposure and collateral when calculating Risk Weighted Asset values.


‘Financial Stability Board (FSB)’
 An international body
that monitors and makes recommendations about the global financial system. It promotes international financial stability by coordinating national financial authorities and international standard-setting bodies as they work toward developing strong
regulatory, supervisory and other financial sector policies. It fosters a level playing field by encouraging coherent implementation of these policies across sectors and jurisdictions.


‘Fitch’
A credit rating agency.


‘Forbearance Programmes’
 Forbearance programmes to
assist customers in financial difficulty through agreements to accept less than contractual amounts due where financial distress would otherwise prevent satisfactory repayment within the original terms and conditions of the contract. These
agreements may be initiated by the customer, Barclays or a third party and include approved debt counselling plans, minimum due reductions, interest rate concessions and switches from capital and interest repayments to interest-only payments.


‘Forbearance Programmes for Credit Cards’

Can be split into 2 main types: Repayment plans- A temporary reduction in the minimum payment due, for a maximum of 60 months. This may involve a reduction in interest rates to prevent negative amortization; Fully amortising- A permanent conversion
of the outstanding balance into a fully amortising loan, over a maximum period of 60 months.


‘Forbearance Programmes for Home Loans’
 Can be split
into 4 main types: Interest-only conversions- A temporary change from a capital and interest repayment to an interest-only repayment, for a maximum of 24 months; Interest rate reductions- A temporary reduction in interest rate, for a maximum of 12
months; Payment concessions- An agreement to temporarily accept reduced loan repayments, for a maximum of 24 months; Term extensions- A permanent extension to the loan maturity date which may involve a reduction in interest rates, and usually
involves the capitalisation of arrears.

‘Forbearance Programmes for Unsecured Loans’
 Can be split into 3 main types: Payment concessions- An agreement to temporarily accept reduced loan repayments, for a maximum of 12 months; Term extensions- A permanent extension to the loan maturity date,
usually involving the capitalisation of arrears; Fully amortising- A permanent conversion of the outstanding balance into a fully amortising loan, over a maximum period of 120 months for loans.


‘Foreclosures in Progress’
 The process by which the bank
initiates legal action against a customer with the intention of terminating a loan agreement whereby the bank may repossess the property subject to local law and recover amounts it is owed.


‘Foreign exchange derivatives’
The Barclays Group’s
principal exchange rate-related contracts are forward foreign exchange contracts, currency swaps and currency options. Forward foreign exchange contracts are agreements to buy or sell a specified quantity of foreign currency, usually on a specified
future date at an agreed rate. Currency swaps generally involves the exchange, or notional exchange, of equivalent amounts of two currencies and a commitment to exchange interest periodically until the principal amounts are
re-exchanged
 on a future date. Currency options provide the buyer with the right, but not the obligation, either to purchase or sell a fixed amount of a currency at a specified exchange rate on or before a future
date. As compensation for assuming the option risk, the option writer generally receives a premium at the start of the option period.


344 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Foreign exchange risk’
In the context of DVaR, the
impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and volatilities.

‘Front Arena’
A deal solution that helps to trade and manage positions and risk in the global capital markets.

‘Full time equivalent’
 Full time equivalent units are the
on-job
 hours paid for employee services
divided by the number of ordinary-time hours normally paid for a full-time staff member when on the job (or contract employees where applicable).

‘Fully loaded’
 When a measure is presented or described as being on a fully loaded basis, it is calculated without applying the transitional
provisions set out in Part Ten of CRD IV.

‘Funded credit protection’
Is a technique of credit risk mitigation where the reduction of the credit risk on the exposure of an institution derives from the right of that institution, in the event of the default of the counterparty
or on the occurrence of other specified credit events relating to the counterparty, to liquidate, or to obtain transfer or appropriation of, or to retain certain assets or amounts, or to reduce the amount of the exposure to, or to replace it with,
the amount of the difference between the amount of the exposure and the amount of a claim on the institution.


‘Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS)’
 Scheme launched by
the Bank of England to incentivise banks and building societies to lend to UK households and
non-financial
 companies through reduced funding costs, the benefits of which are passed on to UK borrowers in the
form of cheaper and more easily available loans.

‘Funding mismatch’
 In the context of Eurozone balance sheet funding exposures, the excess of local euro denominated external assets, such as customer loans, over local euro denominated liabilities, such as customer deposits.


‘Gains on acquisitions’
 The amount by which
the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, recognised in a business combination, exceeds the cost of the combination.


‘General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)’
GDPR
(Regulation (EU) 2016/679) is a regulation by which the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union and the European Commission intend to strengthen and unify data protection for all individuals within the European Union.


‘General market risk’
 The risk of a price change in a
financial instrument due to a change in level of interest rates or owing to a broad equity market movement unrelated to any specific attributes of individual securities.


‘Global-Systemically Important Banks
(G-SIBs
 or
G-SIIs)’
 Global financial institutions whose size, complexity and systemic interconnectedness, mean that their distress or failure would cause significant
disruption to the wider financial system and economic activity. The Financial Stability Board and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision publish a list of globally systemically important banks.


‘G-SII
 additional leverage ratio buffer

(G-SII
 ALRB)’
 A macroprudential buffer that applies to globally systemically important banks
(G-SIBs)
 and
other major domestic UK banks and building societies, including banks that are subject to ring-fencing requirements. The
G-SII
 ALRB will be calibrated as 35% (on a phased basis) of the combined systemic risk
buffers that applies to the bank.

‘GSII Buffer’
Common Equity Tier 1 capital required to be held under CRD IV to ensure that
G-SIBs
 build up surplus capital to compensate for the systemic risk that such institutions
represent to the financial system.

’Grandfathering’
 In the context of CRD IV capital resources, the phasing in of the application of instrument eligibility rules which allows CRR
non-compliant
 capital instruments to be
included in regulatory capital subject to certain thresholds which decrease over the transitional period.


‘Gross
charge-off
 rates’
 Represents the balances
charged-off
 to recoveries in the reporting period, expressed as a percentage of average outstanding balances excluding balances in recoveries.

Charge-off
 to recoveries generally occurs when the collections focus switches from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the entire outstanding balance, and represents a fundamental change in the
relationship between the bank and the customer. This is a measure of the proportion of customers that have gone into default during the period.

‘Gross new lending’
 New lending advanced to customers during the period.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 345


Glossary of terms


‘Guarantee’
Unless otherwise described, an undertaking by
a third party to pay a creditor should a debtor fail to do so. It is a form of credit substitution.


‘Head Office’
 A division comprising Brand and Marketing,
Finance, Head Office, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Legal and Compliance, Risk, Treasury and Tax and other operations.

‘High Net Worth’
 Businesses within Barclays UK and Barclays International that provide banking and other services to high net worth customers.


‘High Risk’
 In retail banking, ‘High
Risk’ is defined as the subset of
up-to-date
 customers who, either through an event or observed behaviour exhibit potential financial difficulty. Where appropriate,
these customers are proactively contacted to assess whether assistance is required.

‘Home
loan’
 A loan to purchase a residential property. The property is then used as collateral to guarantee repayment of the loan. The borrower gives the lender a lien against the property and
the lender can foreclose on the property if the borrower does not repay the loan per the agreed terms. Also known as a residential mortgage.

‘IHC’ or ‘US IHC’
 Barclays US LLC, the intermediate holding company established by Barclays in July 2016, which holds most of
Barclays’ subsidiaries and assets in the United States.

‘IMA / Internal Model Approach’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal market risk model.


‘IMM / Internal Model Method’
 In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal counterparty credit risk model.

‘Identified Impairment (II)’
 Specific impairment allowances for financial assets, individually estimated.


‘IFRS9 transitional arrangements’
 Following the
application of IFRS 9 as of 1 January 2018, Article 473a of CRR permits institutions to
phase-in
 the impact on capital and leverage ratios of the impairment requirements under the new accounting standard.


‘Impairment Allowances’
A provision held on
the balance sheet as a result of the raising of a charge against profit for expected losses in the lending book. An impairment allowance may either be identified or unidentified and individual or collective.


‘Impairment Coverage Ratio’
 Impairment allowance held
against balances in a specific portfolio expressed as a percentage of balances in the specific portfolio.


‘Income’
 Total income, unless otherwise specified.


‘Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)’
An estimate
of the incremental risk arising from rating migrations and defaults beyond what is already captured in specific market risk VaR for the non correlation trading portfolio.


‘Independent Commission on Banking (ICB)’
Body set up by
HM Government to identify structural and
non-structural
 measures to reform the UK banking system and promote competition.


‘Independent Validation Unit (IVU)’
The function within
the bank responsible for independent review, challenge and approval of all models.

‘Individual liquidity
guidance (ILG)’
Guidance given to a bank about the amount, quality and funding profile of liquidity resources that the PRA has asked the bank to maintain.


‘Inflation risk’
 In the context of DVaR, the impact of
changes in inflation rates and volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives.

‘Insurance
Risk’
 The risk of the Barclays Group’s aggregate insurance premiums received from policyholders under a portfolio of insurance contracts being inadequate to cover the claims arising
from those policies.

‘Interchange’
Income
paid to a credit card issuer for the clearing and settlement of a sale or cash advance transaction.


346 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Interest only home loans’
 Under the terms of these
loans, the customer makes payments of interest only for the entire term of the mortgage, although customers may make early repayments of the principal within the terms of their agreement. The customer is responsible for repaying the entire
outstanding principal on maturity, which may require the sale of the mortgaged property.

‘Interest rate
derivatives’
 Derivatives linked to interest rates. This category includes interest rate swaps, collars, floors options and swaptions. An interest rate swap is an agreement between two
parties to exchange fixed rate and floating rate interest by means of periodic payments based upon a notional principal amount and the interest rates defined in the contract. Certain agreements combine interest rate and foreign currency swap
transactions, which may or may not include the exchange of principal amounts. A basis swap is a form of interest rate swap, in which both parties exchange interest payments based on floating rates, where the floating rates are based upon different
underlying reference indices. In a forward rate agreement, two parties agree a future settlement of the difference between an agreed rate and a future interest rate, applied to a notional principal amount. The settlement, which generally occurs at
the start of the contract period, is the discounted present value of the payment that would otherwise be made at the end of that period.

‘Interest rate risk’
 The risk of interest rate volatility adversely impacting the Barclays Group’s net interest margin. In the context of
the calculation of market risk DVaR, measures the impact of changes in interest (swap) rates and volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives.

‘Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB)’
 The risk that the Barclays Group is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a
mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its
(non-traded)
 assets and liabilities.

‘Internal Assessment Approach (IAA)’
 One of three types of calculation that a bank with permission to use the Internal Ratings Based (IRB)
approach may apply to securitisation exposures. It consists of mapping a bank’s internal rating methodology for credit exposures to those of an External Credit Assessment Institution (ECAI) to determine the appropriate risk weight based on the
ratings based approach. Its applicability is limited to ABCP programmes related to liquidity facilities and credit enhancement.

‘Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)’
 Companies are required to perform a formal Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(ICAAP) as part of the Pillar 2 requirements (BIPRU) and to provide this document to the PRA on a yearly basis. The ICAAP document summarises the Barclays Group’s risk management framework, including approach to managing all risks (i.e. Pillar
1 and
non-Pillar
 1 risks); and, the Barclays Group’s risk appetite, economic capital and stress testing frameworks.


‘Internal model method (IMM)’
 In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal counterparty credit risk model.

‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’
 An approach under the CRR framework that relies on the bank’s internal models to derive the risk weights.
The IRB approach is divided into two alternative applications, Advanced and Foundation:


–   Advanced IRB (‘A-IRB’): the bank uses its own
estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and credit conversion factor to model a given risk exposure.


–   Foundation IRB: the bank applies its own PD as for Advanced, but it uses standard parameters for the
LGD and the credit conversion factor. The Foundation IRB approach is specifically designed for wholesale credit exposures. Hence retail, equity, securitisation positions and non-credit obligations asset
exposures are treated under standardised or A-IRB.


‘Investment Bank’
 The Barclays Group’s investment
bank which consists of origination led and returns focused markets and banking business which forms part of the Corporate and Investment Banking segment of Barclays International.


‘Investment Banking Fees’
 In the context of Investment
Bank Analysis of Total Income, fees generated from origination activity businesses – including financial advisory, debt and equity underwriting.

‘Investment grade’
 A debt security, treasury bill or similar instrument with a credit rating of AAA to BBB as measured by external credit
rating agencies.

‘ISDA Master Agreement’
 The
most commonly used master contract for OTC derivative transactions internationally. It is part of a framework of documents, designed to enable OTC derivatives to be documented fully and flexibly. The framework consists of a master


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 347


Glossary of terms


agreement, a schedule, confirmations, definition booklets, and a credit support annex. The ISDA master agreement is published by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA).

‘Key Risk Scenarios (KRS)’
 Key Risk Scenarios are a summary of the extreme potential risk exposure for each Key Risk in each business and function, including an assessment of the potential frequency of risk events, the average size
of losses and three extreme scenarios. The Key Risk Scenario assessments are a key input to the Advanced Measurement Approach calculation of regulatory and economic capital requirements.


‘Lag risk’
 Arises from the delay in
re-pricing
 customer rates for certain variable/managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by either regulatory constraint around customer notification on
pricing changes, processing time for the Barclays Group’s and/or Entity’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


‘Large exposure’
 A large exposure is defined
as the total exposure of a bank to a counterparty or group of connected clients, whether in the banking book or trading book or both, which in aggregate equals or exceeds 10% of the bank’s eligible capital.


‘Legal risk’
 The risk of loss or imposition of
penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the Barclays Group to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements.

‘Lender Option Borrower Option (LOBO)’
 A clause previously included in ESHLA loans that allowed Barclays, on specific dates, to raise the
fixed interest rate on the loan, upon which the borrower had the option to either continue with the loan at the higher rate, or
re-pay
 the loan at par.


‘Lending’
 In the context of Investment Bank Analysis of
Total Income, lending income includes net interest income, gains or losses on loan sale activity, and risk management activity relating to the loan portfolio.


‘Letters of credit’
 A letter typically used for the
purposes of international trade guaranteeing that a debtor’s payment to a creditor will be made on time and in full. In the event that the debtor is unable to make payment, the bank will be required to cover the full or remaining amount of the
purchase.

‘Level 1 assets’
 High quality
liquid assets under the Basel Committee’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), including cash, central bank reserves and higher quality government securities.


‘Level 2 assets’
 Under the Basel Committee’s
Liquidity Coverage Ratio high quality liquid assets (HQLA) are comprised of Level 1 and Level 2 assets, with the latter comprised of Level 2A and Level 2B assets. Level 2A assets include, for example, lower quality government securities,
covered bonds and corporate debt securities. Level 2B assets include, for example, lower rated corporate bonds, residential mortgage backed securities and equities that meet certain conditions.


‘Lifetime expected credit losses’
 An assessment of
expected losses associated with default events that may occur during the life of an exposure, reflecting the present value of cash shortfalls over the remaining expected life of the asset.


‘Lifetime Probability’
 The likelihood of accounts
entering default during the expected remaining life of the asset.

‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio
(LCR)’
 The ratio of the stock of high quality liquid assets to expected net cash outflows over the next 30 days. High-quality liquid assets should be unencumbered, liquid in markets
during a time of stress and, ideally, be central bank eligible. These include, for example, cash and claims on central governments and central banks.

‘Liquidity Pool’
 The Barclays Group liquidity pool comprises cash at central banks and highly liquid collateral specifically held by the
Barclays Group as a contingency to enable the bank to meet cash outflows in the event of stressed market conditions.

‘Liquidity Risk’
 The risk that the Barclays Group is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that is does not have the
appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.

‘Liquidity
risk appetite (LRA)’
 The level of liquidity risk that the Barclays Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations.


348 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Liquidity Risk Management Framework (the Liquidity Framework)’
 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework (the Liquidity Framework), which is sanctioned by the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and which incorporates liquidity policies, systems and controls that the Barclays
Group has implemented to manage liquidity risk within tolerances approved by the Board and regulatory agencies.


‘Litigation and conduct charges’ or ‘Litigation and conduct’
 Litigation and conduct charges include regulatory fines, litigation settlements and conduct related customer redress.


‘Loan loss rate’
 Quoted in basis points and represents
total impairment charges divided by gross loans and advances held at amortised cost at the balance sheet date.


‘Loan to deposit ratio’
 Loans and advances at amortised
costs divided by deposits at amortised cost.

‘Loan to value (LTV) ratio’
 Expresses the amount borrowed against an asset (i.e. a mortgage) as a percentage of the appraised value of the asset. The ratios are used in determining the appropriate level of risk for the loan and are
generally reported as an average for new mortgages or an entire portfolio. Also see ‘Marked to market (MTM) LTV ratio.’

‘London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)’
 A benchmark interest rate at which banks can borrow funds from other banks in the London interbank
market.

‘Long-term refinancing operation (LTRO)’
 The European Central Bank’s 3 year long term bank refinancing operation.

‘Loss Given Default (LGD)’
 The percentage of Exposure at Default (EAD) (defined above) that will not be recovered following default. LGD
comprises the actual loss (the part that is not expected to be recovered), together with the economic costs associated with the recovery process.

‘Macro Products’
 Represents Rates, currency and commodities income.


‘Management VaR’
 A measure of the potential loss of
value arising from unfavourable market movements at a specific confidence level, if current positions were to be held unchanged for predefined period. Corporate and Investment Bank uses Management VaR with a

two-year
 equally weighted historical period, at a 95% confidence level, with a one day holding period.

‘Mandatory break clause’

In the context of counterparty credit risk, a contract clause that means a trade will be ended on a particular
date.

‘Marked to market approach’
 A
counterparty credit risk exposure calculation approach which uses the current mark to market value of derivative positions as well as a potential future exposure
add-on
 to calculate an exposure to which a risk
weight can be applied. This is also known as the Current Exposure Method.

‘Marked to market (MTM) LTV
ratio’
 The loan amount as a percentage of the current value of the asset used to secure the loan. Also see ‘Balance weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio’ and ‘Valuation
weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio.’

‘Market risk’
 The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the Barclays Group’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates,
foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


‘Master netting agreements’
 An agreement that provides
for a single net settlement of all financial instruments and collateral covered by the agreement in the event of the counterparty’s default or bankruptcy or insolvency, resulting in a reduced exposure.


‘Master trust securitisation programmes’
 A
securitisation structure where a trust is set up for the purpose of acquiring a pool of receivables. The trust issues multiple series of securities backed by these receivables.


‘Matchbook (or matched book)’
 An asset/liability
management strategy where assets are matched against liabilities of equivalent value and maturity.


‘Material Risk Takers (MRTs)’
 Categories of staff whose
professional activities have or are deemed to have a material impact on Barclays’ risk profile, as determined in accordance with the European Banking Authority regulatory technical standard on the identification of such staff.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 349


Glossary of terms


‘Medium-Term Notes’
 Corporate notes (or debt securities)
continuously offered by a company to investors through a dealer. Investors can choose from differing maturities, ranging from nine months to 30 years. They can be issued on a fixed or floating coupon basis or with an exotic coupon; with a fixed
maturity date
(non-callable)
 or with embedded call or put options or early repayment triggers. MTNs are most generally issued as senior, unsecured debt.


‘Methodology and policy’
 In the context of the Funding
Risk, Capital Risk section, the effect on RWAs of methodology changes driven by regulatory policy changes.


‘MiFid2’
 The Markets in Financial Instruments Directive
2004/39/EC (known as “MiFID” 1) as subsequently amended to MiFID 2 is a European Union law that provides harmonised regulation for investment services across the 31 member states of the European Economic Area.


‘Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)’

A European Union wide requirement under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive for all European banks and investment banks to hold a minimum level of equity and/or loss absorbing eligible
liabilities to ensure the operation of the
bail-in
 tool to absorb losses and recapitalise an institution in resolution. An institution’s MREL requirement is set by its resolution
authority. Amendments are proposed to align MREL and TLAC requirements for EU
G-SIBs.


‘Model risk’
 The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model
outputs and reports.

‘Model updates’
 In the
context of the Funding Risk, Capital Risk section, changes in RWAs caused by model implementation, changes in model scope or any changes required to address model malfunctions.


‘Model validation’
 Process through which models are
independently challenged, tested and verified to prove that they have been built, implemented and used correctly, and that they continue to be
fit-for-purpose.


‘Modelled—VaR’
 In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, Market risk calculated using value at risk models laid down by the CRR and supervised by the PRA.

‘Money market funds’
 Investment funds typically invested in short-term debt securities.


‘Monoline derivatives’
 Derivatives with a monoline
insurer such as credit default swaps referencing the underlying exposures held.


‘Moody’s’
 A credit rating agency.


‘Mortgage Current Accounts (MCA) Reserves’
 A secured
overdraft facility available to home loan customers which allows them to borrow against the equity in their home. It allows draw-down up to an agreed available limit on a separate but connected account to the main mortgage loan facility. The
balance drawn must be repaid on redemption of the mortgage.

‘Multilateral development banks’
 Financial institutions created for the purposes of development, where membership transcends national boundaries.

‘National discretion’
 Discretions in CRD IV given to member states to allow the local regulator additional powers in the application of
certain CRD IV rules in its jurisdiction.

‘Net asset value per share’
 Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, by the number of issued ordinary shares.


‘Net interest income (NII)’
 The difference
between interest income on assets and interest expense on liabilities.

‘Net interest margin
(NIM)’
 Net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets.


‘
Net investment income’

Changes in the fair value of financial instruments designated at fair value, dividend income and the net result on disposal of available for sale assets.

‘Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)’
 The ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding over a one year time horizon, assuming a
stressed scenario. The ratio is required to be over 100%. Available stable funding would include such items as equity capital, preferred stock with a maturity of over 1 year, or liabilities with a maturity of over 1 year. The required amount of
stable funding is calculated as the


350 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


sum of the value of the assets held and funded by the institution, multiplied by a specific required stable funding (RSF) factor assigned to each
particular asset type, added to the amount of potential liquidity exposure multiplied by its associated RSF factor.

‘Net tangible asset value per share’
 Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding

non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares.


‘Net trading income’
 Gains and losses arising from
trading positions which are held at fair value, in respect of both market-making and customer business, together with interest, dividends and funding costs relating to trading activities.


‘Net written credit protection’
 In the context of
leverage exposure, the net notional value of credit derivatives protection sold and credit derivatives protection bought.

‘New bookings’
 The total of the original balance on accounts opened in the reporting period, including any applicable fees and charges
included in the loan amount.


‘
Non-asset
 backed debt instruments’
 Debt instruments not backed by collateral, including government bonds; US agency bonds; corporate bonds; commercial paper; certificates of deposit; convertible bonds; corporate bonds and issued notes.


‘
Non-customer
 net interest
income’ /
‘Non-customer
 interest income’
 Principally comprises the impact of product and equity structural hedges, as well as certain other
net interest income received on government bonds and other debt securities held for the purposes of interest rate hedging and liquidity for local banking activities.


‘
Non-model
 method (NMM)’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, Counterparty credit risk, Risk Weighted Assets where the exposure amount has been derived through the use of CRR norms, as opposed to an internal model.


‘Non-performance
 costs’
 Costs other than performance costs.


‘Non-performing
 proportion of outstanding balances’
 Defined as balances greater than 90 days delinquent (including forbearance accounts greater than 90 days and accounts charged off to recoveries), expressed as a percentage of outstanding balances.


‘Non-performing
 balances impairment coverage ratio’
 Impairment allowance held against non performing balances expressed as a percentage of non performing balances.

‘Non-Traded
 Market Risk’
 The risk that the current or future exposure in the banking book (i.e.
non-traded
 book) will impact bank’s capital and/or earnings due to adverse movements in Interest or Foreign Exchange Rates.


‘Non-Traded
 VaR’

Reflects the volatility in the value of the available for sale investments in the liquidity pool which flow directly through capital via the available for sale reserve. The underlying methodology to calculate non traded VaR is similar to Traded
Management VaR, but the two measures are not directly comparable. The Non Traded VaR represents the volatility to capital driven by the available for sale exposures. These exposures are in the banking book and do not meet the criteria for trading
book treatment.

‘Notch’
 A single unit of
measurement in a credit rating scale.

‘Notional amount’
 The nominal or face amount of a financial instrument, such as a loan or a derivative, that is used to calculate payments made on that instrument.


‘Open Banking’
 The Payment Services Directive (PSD2) and
the Open API standards and data sharing remedy imposed by the UK Competition and Markets Authority following its Retail Banking Market Investigation Order.

‘Operational risk’
 The risk of loss to the bank from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events (for
example fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.

‘Operational Riskdata eXchange
(ORX)’
 The Operational Riskdata eXchange Association (ORX) is a
not-for-profit
 industry association dedicated
to advancing the measurement and management of operational risk in the global financial services industry. Barclays is a member of ORX.

‘Origination led’
 Focus on high margin, low capital fee based activities and related hedging opportunities.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 351


Glossary of terms


‘Origination exposure model’
 A technique used to measure
the counterparty credit risk of losing anticipated cash flows from forwards, swaps, options and other derivatives contracts in the event the counterparty to the contract should default.


‘OSII’
 Other systemically important institutions are
institutions that are deemed to create risk to financial stability due to their systemic importance.

‘Over-the-counter
 (OTC) derivatives’
 Derivative contracts that are traded (and privately negotiated) directly
between two parties. They offer flexibility because, unlike standardised exchange-traded products, they can be tailored to fit specific needs.

‘Own credit’
 The effect of changes in the Barclays Group’s own credit standing on the fair value of financial liabilities.


‘Owner occupied mortgage’
 A mortgage where the intention
of the customer was to occupy the property at origination.

‘Past due items’
 Refers to loans where the borrower has failed to make a payment when due under the terms of the loan contract.

‘Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) redress’
 Provision for the settlement of PPI miss-selling claims and related claims management costs.


‘Pension Risk’
 The risk of the Barclays
Group’s earnings and capital being adversely impacted by the Barclays Group’s defined benefit obligations increasing or the value of the assets backing these defined benefit obligations decreasing due to changes in both the level and
volatility of prices.

‘Performance costs’

The accounting charge recognised in the period for performance awards. For deferred incentives and long-term incentives, the accounting charge is spread over the relevant periods in which the employee delivers service.


‘Personal Banking’
 Offers retail advice, products and
services to community and premier customers in the UK.

‘Period end allocated tangible
equity’
 Allocated tangible equity is calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded Risk Weighted Assets for each business, adjusted for CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions,
excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting assumptions the Barclays Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office tangible equity represents the difference between the Barclays Group’s tangible equity and the amounts allocated
to businesses.

‘Post-model adjustment (PMA)’

In the context of Basel models, a PMA is a short term increase in regulatory capital applied at portfolio level to account for model input data deficiencies, inadequate model performance or changes to regulatory definitions (e.g. definition of
default) to ensure the model output is accurate, complete and appropriate.

‘Potential Credit Risk Loans
(PCRLs)’
 Comprise the outstanding balances to Potential Problem Loans (defined below) and the three categories of Credit Risk Loans (defined above).


‘Potential Future Exposure (PFE) on Derivatives’
 A
regulatory calculation in respect of the Barclays Group’s potential future credit exposure on both exchange traded and OTC derivative contracts, calculated by assigning a standardised percentage (based on the underlying risk category and
residual trade maturity) to the gross notional value of each contract.

‘Potential Problem Loans
(PPLs)’
 Loans that are currently complying with repayment terms but where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrowers to continue to comply with repayment terms in the near
future.

‘
PRA waivers’
 PRA approvals that specifically give permission to the bank to either modify or waive existing rules. Waivers are specific to an organisation and require applications being submitted to and approved by the
PRA.

‘Primary securitisations’

The
issuance of securities (bonds and commercial papers) for fund-raising.

‘Primary Stress
Tests’
 In the context of Traded Market Risk, Stress Testing provides an estimate of potentially significant future losses that might arise from extreme market moves or scenarios. Primary
Stress Tests apply stress moves to key liquid risk factors for each of the major trading asset classes.


‘Prime Services’
 Involves financing of fixed income
and equity positions using Repo and stock lending facilities. The Prime Services business also provides brokerage facilitation services for hedge fund clients offering execution and clearance facilities for a variety of asset classes.


‘Principal’
 In the context of a loan, the amount
borrowed, or the part of the amount borrowed which remains unpaid (excluding interest).


352 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Principal Investments’
 Private equity investments.


‘Principal Risks’
 the principal risks
affecting the Barclays Group described in the risk review section of the Barclays PLC Annual Report.


‘Private equity investments’
 Investments in equity
securities in operating companies not quoted on a public exchange. Investment in private equity often involves the investment of capital in private companies or the acquisition of a public company that results in the delisting of public equity.
Capital for private equity investment is raised by retail or institutional investors and used to fund investment strategies such as leveraged buyouts, venture capital, growth capital, distressed investments and mezzanine capital.


‘Private-label securitisation’
 Residential mortgage
backed security transactions sold or guaranteed by entities that are not sponsored or owned by the government.


‘Probability of Default (PD)’
 The likelihood that a loan
will not be repaid and will fall into default. PD may be calculated for each client who has a loan (normally applicable to wholesale customers/clients) or for a portfolio of clients with similar attributes (normally applicable to retail customers).
To calculate PD, Barclays assesses the credit quality of borrowers and other counterparties and assigns them an internal risk rating. Multiple rating methodologies may be used to inform the rating decision on individual large credits, such as
internal and external models, rating agency ratings, and for wholesale assets market information such as credit spreads. For smaller credits, a single source may suffice such as the result from an internal rating model.


‘Product structural hedge’
 An interest rate hedge in
place to reduce earnings volatility on product balances with an instant access (such as
non-interest
 bearing current accounts and managed rate deposits) and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term.


‘Properties in Possession held as ’Loans and Advances to Customers’’
 Properties in the UK and Italy where the customer continues to retain legal title but where the bank has enforced the possession order as part of the foreclosure process to allow for the disposal of the
asset or the court has ordered the auction of the property.

‘Properties in Possession held as
‘Other Real Estate Owned’’
 Properties in South Africa, where the bank has taken legal ownership of the title as a result of purchase at an auction or similar and treated as
‘Other Real Estate Owned’ within other assets on the bank’s balance sheet.

‘Proprietary
trading’
 When a bank, brokerage or other financial institution trades on its own account, at its own risk, rather than on behalf of customers, so as to make a profit for itself.


‘Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)’
 The statutory
body responsible for the prudential supervision of banks, building societies, insurers and a small number of significant investment banks in the UK. The PRA is a subsidiary of the Bank of England.


‘Prudential valuation adjustment (PVA)’
 A calculation
which adjusts the accounting values of positions held on balance sheet at fair value to comply with regulatory valuation standards, which place greater emphasis on the inherent uncertainty around the value at which a trading book position could be
exited.

‘Public benchmark’
 Unsecured medium
term notes issued in public syndicated transactions.

‘Qualifying Revolving Retail Exposure
(QRRE)’
 In the context of the IRB approach to credit risk RWA calculations, an exposure meeting the criteria set out in BIPRU 4.6.42 R (2). It includes most types of credit card exposure.


‘Rates’
 In the context of Investment Bank
income analysis, trading revenue relating to government bonds and linear interest rate derivatives.

‘Re-aging’
 The returning of a delinquent account to
up-to-date
 status
without collecting the full arrears (principal, interest and fees).

‘Real Estate Mortgage Investment
Conduits (REMICs)’
 An entity that holds a fixed pool of mortgages and that is separated into multiple classes of interests for issuance to investors.


‘Recoveries Impairment Coverage Ratio’
 Impairment
allowance held against recoveries balances expressed as a percentage of balance in recoveries.


‘Recoveries proportion of outstanding balances’

Represents the amount of recoveries (gross
month-end
 customer balances of all accounts that have
charged-off)
 as at the period end compared to total outstanding
balances. The size of the recoveries book would ultimately


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 353


Glossary of terms


have an impact on the overall impairment requirement on the portfolio. Balances in recoveries will decrease if: assets are
written-off;
 amounts are collected; or assets are sold to a third party (i.e. debt sale).

‘Redenomination risk’
 The risk of financial loss to the Barclays Group should one or more countries exit from the Euro, potentially leading to
the devaluation of local balance sheet assets and liabilities.

‘Regulatory capital’
 The amount of capital that a bank holds to satisfy regulatory requirements.

‘Renegotiated loans’
 Loans are generally renegotiated either as part of an ongoing customer relationship or in response to an adverse change
in the circumstances of the borrower. In the latter case renegotiation can result in an extension of the due date of payment or repayment plans under which the Barclays Group offers a concessionary rate of interest to genuinely distressed borrowers.
This will result in the asset continuing to be overdue and will be individually impaired where the renegotiated payments of interest and principal will not recover the original carrying amount of the asset. In other cases, renegotiation will lead to
a new agreement, which is treated as a new loan.

‘Repricing lag risk’
 The risk that when underlying interest rates change it can take a number of months to change the customer rate e.g. should rates decrease then we would need to let our variable savings rate customers know
that we would be decreasing their savings rates. This could result in a loss of income as it may take several months, whereas the “funding/investment” benefit reduces immediately.


‘Repurchase agreement (Repo)’ / ‘Reverse repurchase agreement (Reverse repo)’
 Arrangements that allow counterparties to use financial securities as collateral for an interest bearing cash loan. The borrower agrees to sell a security to the lender subject to a commitment to repurchase
the asset at a specified price on a given date. For the party selling the security (and agreeing to repurchase it in the future) it is a Repurchase agreement or Repo; for the counterparty to the transaction (buying the security and agreeing to sell
in the future) it is a Reverse repurchase agreement or Reverse repo.

‘Reputation risk’
 The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the Barclays Group’s integrity and competence by clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public.


‘Re-securitisations’
 The repackaging of Securitised Products into securities. The resulting securities are therefore securitisation positions where the underlying assets are also predominantly securitisation positions.


‘Reserve Capital Instruments (RCIs)’
 Hybrid
issued capital securities which may be debt or equity accounted, depending on the terms.

‘Residential
Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)’
 Securities that represent interests in a group of residential mortgages. Investors in these securities have the right to cash received from future
mortgage payments (interest and/or principal).

‘Residual maturity’
 The remaining contractual term of a credit obligation associated with a credit exposure.

‘Restructured loans’
 Comprises loans where, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a concession
has been granted to the debtor that would not otherwise be considered. Where the concession results in the expected cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate being less than the loan’s carrying value, an impairment allowance
will be raised.

‘Retail Loans’
 Loans to
individuals or small and medium sized enterprises rather than to financial institutions and larger businesses. It includes both secured and unsecured loans such as mortgages and credit card balances, as well as loans to certain smaller business
customers, typically with exposures up to £3m or with a turnover up to £5m.

‘Return on
average Risk Weighted Assets’
 Statutory profit as a proportion of average Risk Weighted Assets.

‘Return on average shareholders’ equity’
 Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for
the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity, excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments.


‘Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity’

Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.


354 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Return on average allocated tangible shareholders’ equity’
 Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible
shareholders’ equity.

‘Risk Appetite’

The level of risk that Barclays is prepared to accept whilst pursuing its business strategy, recognising a range of possible outcomes as business plans are implemented.


‘Risk weighted assets (RWAs)’
 A measure of a bank’s
assets adjusted for their associated risks. Risk weightings are established in accordance with the Basel rules as implemented by CRD IV and local regulators.


‘Risks not in VaR (RNIVS)’
 Refers to all the key market
risks which are not captured or not well captured within the VaR model framework.

‘Roll rate
analysis’

The measurement of the rate at which retail accounts deteriorate through delinquency phases.


‘Sales commissions, commitments and other incentives’

Includes commission-based arrangements, guaranteed incentives and Long Term Incentive Plan awards.


‘Sarbanes-Oxley requirements’
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
2002 (SOX), which was introduced by the U.S. Government to safeguard against corporate governance scandals such as Enron, WorldCom and Tyco. All
US-listed
 companies must comply with SOX.


‘Second Lien’
 Debt that is issued against the same
collateral as higher lien debt but that is subordinate to it. In the case of default, compensation for this debt will only be received after the first lien has been repaid and thus represents a riskier investment than the first lien.


‘Secondary Stress Tests’
 Secondary stress tests are used
in measuring potential losses arising from illiquid market risks that cannot be hedged or reduced within the time period covered in Primary Stress Tests.

‘Securities and loans’
 In the context of
Non-Core
 Analysis of Total income, Barclays
Non-Core
 Securities and Loans comprise non strategic businesses, predominantly from the
non-core
 Investment Bank and Corporate Bank.


‘Securities Financing Transactions (SFT)’
 In the context
of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs), any of the following transactions: a repurchase transaction, a securities or commodities lending or borrowing transaction, or a margin lending transaction whereby cash collateral is received or paid in respect of the
transfer of a related asset.

‘Securities financing transactions adjustments’
 In the context of leverage ratio, a regulatory
add-on
 calculated as exposure less collateral, taking into account master netting agreements.


‘Securities lending arrangements’
 Arrangements whereby
securities are legally transferred to a third party subject to an agreement to return them at a future date. The counterparty generally provides collateral against non performance in the form of cash or other assets.


‘Securitisation’
 Typically, a process by which debt
instruments such as mortgage loans or credit card balances are aggregated into a pool, which is used to back new securities. A company sells assets to a special purpose vehicle (SPV) which then issues securities backed by the assets. This allows the
credit quality of the assets to be separated from the credit rating of the original borrower and transfers risk to external investors.

‘Securitised Products’
 A business within the Investment Bank that offers a range of products relating to residential mortgage backed
securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and other asset backed securities, in addition to restructuring and unwinding legacy credit structures.

‘Set-off
 clauses’

In the context of Counterparty credit risk, contract clauses that allow
Barclays to set off amounts owed to us by a counterparty against amounts owed by us to the counterparty.


‘Settlement balances’
 Are receivables or payables
recorded between the date (the trade date) a financial instrument (such as a bond) is sold, purchased or otherwise closed out, and the date the asset is delivered by or to the entity (the settlement date) and cash is received or paid.


‘Settlement risk’
 The risk that settlement in a transfer
system will not take place as expected, usually owing to a party defaulting on one or more settlement obligations.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 355


Glossary of terms


‘Significant Increase in Credit Risk (SICR)’
 Barclays
assesses when a significant increase in credit risk has occurred based on quantitative and qualitative assessments.

‘Slotting’
 Slotting is a Basel 2 approach that requires a standard set of rules to be used in the calculation of RWAs, based upon an
assessment of factors such as the financial strength of the counterparty. The requirements for the application of the Slotting approach are detailed in BIPRU 4.5.


‘Sovereign exposure(s)’
 Exposures to central
governments, including holdings in government bonds and local government bonds.

‘Specific market
risk’
 A risk that is due to the individual nature of an asset and can potentially be diversified or the risk of a price change in an investment due to factors related to the issuer or, in
the case of a derivative, the issuer of the underlying investment.

‘Spread risk’
 Measures the impact of changes to the swap spread, i.e. the difference between swap rates and government bond yields.


‘Stage 1’
 This represents financial instruments where
the credit risk of the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition. Stage 1 financial instruments are required to recognise a 12 month expected credit loss allowance.


‘Stage 2’
 This represents financial instruments where
the credit risk of the financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. Stage 2 financial instruments are required to recognise a lifetime expected credit loss allowance.


‘Stage3’
 This represents financial instruments where the
financial instrument is considered impaired. Stage 3 financial instruments are required to recognise a lifetime expected credit loss allowance.

‘Standard & Poor’s’
 A credit rating agency.


‘Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments’

Agreements to lend to a customer in the future, subject to certain conditions. Such commitments are either made for a fixed period, or have no specific maturity but are cancellable by the lender subject to notice requirements.


‘Statutory’
 Line items of income, expense, profit or
loss, assets, liabilities or equity stated in accordance with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 and the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).


‘Statutory return on average shareholders’ equity’

Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity.

‘STD’ / ‘Standardised Approach’
 A method of calculating Risk Weighted Assets that relies on a mandatory framework set by the
regulator to derive risk weights based on counterparty type and a credit rating provided by an External Credit Assessment Institute.

‘Stress Testing’
 A process which involves identifying possible future adverse events or changes in economic conditions that could have
unfavourable effects on the Barclays Group (either financial or
non-financial),
 assessing the Barclays Group’s ability to withstand such changes, and identifying management actions to mitigate the impact.


‘Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR)’
 An estimate
of the potential loss arising from a
12-month
 period of significant financial stress calibrated to 99% confidence level over a
10-day
 holding period.


‘Structured entity’
 An entity in which voting or similar
rights are not the dominant factor in deciding control. Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities.


‘Structural hedge’ / ‘hedging’
 An interest
rate hedge in place to reduce earnings volatility and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term on positions that exist within the balance sheet and do not
re-price
 in line with market rates. See also
‘Equity structural hedge’ and ‘Product structural hedge’.

‘Structural model of
default’
 A model based on the assumption that an obligor will default when its assets are insufficient to cover its liabilities.


‘Structured credit’
 Includes legacy structured credit
portfolio primarily comprising derivative exposure and financing exposure to structured credit vehicles.


356 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Structured finance/notes’
 A structured note is an
investment tool that pays a return linked to the value or level of a specified asset or index and sometimes offers capital protection if the value declines. Structured notes can be linked to equities, interest rates, funds, commodities and foreign
currency.

‘Sub-prime’

Sub-prime
 is defined as loans to borrowers typically having weakened credit histories that include payment delinquencies and potentially more severe problems such as
court judgments and bankruptcies. They may also display reduced repayment capacity as measured by credit scores, high
debt-to-income
 ratios, or other criteria indicating
heightened risk of default.

‘Subordinated liabilities’
 Liabilities which, in the event of insolvency or liquidation of the issuer, are subordinated to the claims of depositors and other creditors of the issuer.


‘Supranational bonds’
 Bonds issued by an international
organisation, where membership transcends national boundaries (e.g. the European Union or World Trade Organisation).

‘Synthetic Securitisation Transactions’

Securitisation transactions effected through the use of derivatives.


‘Systemic Risk Buffer’

CET1 capital that may be
required to be held as part of the Combined Buffer Requirement increasing the capacity of UK banks to absorb stress and limiting the damage to the economy as a results of restricted lending.


‘Tangible net asset value’
 Shareholders’ equity
excluding
non-controlling
 interests adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.

‘Tangible net asset value per share’
 Shareholders’ equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests
adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill, divided by the number of issued ordinary shares.


‘Tangible shareholders’ equity’
 Shareholders’
equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.

‘Term premium’
 Additional interest required by investors to hold assets with a longer period to maturity.


‘The Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB)’
 Is a
comprehensive suite of capital rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as part of Basel III applicable to banks’ wholesale trading activities.


‘The Standardised Approach (TSA)’
 Under the TSA, banks
are required to hold regulatory capital for operational risk equal to the annual average, calculated over a rolling three-year period, of the relevant income indicator (across all business lines), multiplied by a supervisory defined percentage
factor by business lines.

‘The three lines of defence’
 The three lines of defence operating model enables Barclays to separate risk management activities between those client facing areas of the Barclays Group and associated support functions responsible for
identifying risk, operating within applicable limits and escalating risk events (first line); colleagues in Risk and Compliance who establish the limits, rules and constraints under which the first line operates and monitors their performance
against those limits and constraints (second line); and, colleagues in Internal Audit who provide assurance to the Board and Executive Management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over risks (third line).


‘Tier 1 capital’
 The sum of the Common Equity Tier 1
capital and Additional Tier 1 capital.

‘Tier 1 capital ratio’
 The ratio which expresses Tier 1 capital as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets under CRD IV.

‘Tier 2 (T2) capital’
 In the context of CRD IV, a type of capital as defined in the Capital Requirements Regulation.


‘Tier 2 (T2) securities’
 Securities that are treated as
Tier 2 (T2) capital in the context of CRD IV.

‘Total capital ratio’
 Total Regulatory capital as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets.


‘Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC)’

A standard
published by the FSB which is applicable to
G-SIBs
 and requires a
G-SIB
 to hold a prescriptive minimum level of instruments and liabilities that should be readily
available for
bail-in
 within resolution to absorb losses and recapitalise the institution.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 357


Glossary of terms


‘Total outstanding balance’
 In retail banking, total
outstanding balance is defined as the gross
month-end
 customer balances on all accounts including accounts charged off to recoveries.


‘Total return swap’
 An instrument whereby the seller of
protection receives the full return of the asset, including both the income and change in the capital value of the asset. The buyer of the protection in return receives a predetermined amount.


‘Total balances on forbearance programmes coverage
ratio’
 Impairment allowance held against Forbearance balances expressed as a percentage of balance in forbearance.


‘Traded Market Risk’
 The risk of a reduction to earnings
or capital due to volatility of trading book positions.

‘Trading book’
 All positions in financial instruments and commodities held by an institution either with trading intent, or in order to hedge positions held with trading intent.


‘Traditional Securitisation Transactions’


Securitisation transactions in which an underlying pool of assets generates cash flows to service payments to investors.

‘Transitional’
 In the context of CRD IV a measure is described as transitional when the transitional provisions set out in Part Ten of the CRD
IV Regulation are applied in its calculation.

‘Treasury and Capital Risk’
 This comprises of Liquidity Risk, Capital Risk and Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book.

‘Twelve month expected credit losses’
 The portion of the lifetime ECL arising if default occurs within 12 months of the reporting date (or
shorter period if the expected life is less than 12 months), weighted by the probability of said default occurring.

‘Twelve month PD’
 The likelihood of accounts entering default within 12 months of the reporting date.


‘Unencumbered’
 Assets not used to secure liabilities or
otherwise pledged.

‘Unidentified Impairment (UI)’
 Impairment for losses which are judged to be incurred but not yet specifically identified in customer exposures at the balance sheet date, and which, therefore, have not been specifically reported. The
incurred but not yet reported calculation is based on the asset’s probability of moving from the performing portfolio to being specifically identified as impaired within the given emergence period and then on to default within a specified
period, termed as the outcome period. This is calculated on the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s effective interest rate. The emergence and outcome periods vary across products.


‘United Kingdom (UK)’
 Geographic segment where Barclays
operates comprising the UK. Also see ‘Europe’.

‘UK Bank levy’
 A levy that applies to UK banks, building societies and the UK operations of foreign banks. The levy is payable based on a percentage of the chargeable equity and liabilities of the bank on its balance
sheet date.

‘UK leverage exposure’
 Is
calculated as per the PRA rulebook, where the exposure calculation also includes the FPC’s recommendation to allow banks to exclude claims on the central bank from the calculation of the leverage exposure measure, as long as these are matched
by deposits denominated in the same currency and of identical or longer maturity.

‘UK leverage
ratio’
 As per the PRA rulebook, means a bank’s tier 1 capital divided by its total exposure measure, with this ratio expressed as a percentage.


‘Unfunded credit protection’
 Is a technique of credit
risk mitigation where the reduction of the credit risk on the exposure of an institution derives from the obligation of a third party to pay an amount in the event of the default of the borrower or the occurrence of other specified credit events.


‘US Partner Portfolio’

Co-branded
 credit card programs with companies across various sectors including travel, entertainment, retail and financial sectors.


‘US Residential Mortgages’
 Securities that represent
interests in a group of US residential mortgages.

‘Utilisation rate’
 Utilisation of MCA balances expressed as a percentage of total MCA reserve limits.


358 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Valuation weighted Loan to Value (LTV) Ratio’
 In the
context of credit risk disclosures on secured home loans, a means of calculating marked to market LTVs derived by comparing total outstanding balance and the value of total collateral we hold against these balances. Valuation weighted loan to value
is calculated using the following formula: LTV = total outstandings in portfolio/total property values of total outstandings in portfolio.

‘Value at Risk (VaR)’
 A measure of the potential loss of value arising from unfavourable market movements at a specific confidence level and
within a specific timeframe.

‘Weighted off balance sheet commitments’
 Regulatory
add-ons
 to the leverage exposure measure based on credit conversion factors used in the Standardised Approach to credit risk.


‘Wholesale loans’ / ‘lending’
 Lending to
larger businesses, financial institutions and sovereign entities.


‘Write-off’

Refers to the point where it is determined that an asset is irrecoverable, or it is no longer considered economically viable to try to recover the asset or it is deemed immaterial or full and final settlement is reached and the shortfall written
off. In the event of
write-off,
 the customer balance is removed from the balance sheet and the impairment allowance held against the asset is released.


‘Wrong-way

risk’
 Arises, in a trading exposure, when there is significant correlation between the underlying asset and the counterparty, which in the event of default would lead to a significant
mark to market loss. When assessing the credit exposure of a
wrong-way
 trade, analysts take into account the correlation between the counterparty and the underlying asset as part of the sanctioning process.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 359


Additional information


Barclays Africa Group Limited Separation Arrangements


In connection with Barclays’ sell down of its holdings in Barclays Africa Group Limited (“
BAGL
”) and the regulatory
deconsolidation of BAGL from the Barclays Group, Barclays and BAGL entered into agreements governing the terms on which the separation would occur (the “
Separation Arrangements
”).


The separation terms included contributions from Barclays to BAGL totalling £765 million, payable in instalments, to support the
separation of BAGL from the Barclays Group. Under the Separation Arrangements, Barclays agreed, among other things, to indemnify BAGL against certain potential losses suffered by BAGL, including as a result of (i) the business of Barclays
Group, untrue statements or omissions contained in any document issued by the Barclays Group in connection with any placing or marketing of BAGL shares under the sell down of BAGL shares and any failure by any Barclays Group company to discharge any
liability in respect of taxation for which the Barclays Group is primarily liable (the “
Perimeter Indemnity
”); or (ii) BAGL having adhered to any Barclays policy which is not compliant with the laws for which that policy was
designed (the “
Policy Indemnity
”). Barclays’ liability under the Perimeter Indemnity is uncapped and under the Policy Indemnity is capped at £614.7 million.


The Separation Arrangements include a transitional services agreement (the “
TSA
”) which replaced previous intra-group arrangements
between members of the Barclays Group and members of the BAGL group. The TSA came into effect on 6 June 2017 and the term of the TSA will be determined by the timeframes specified for the individual services being provided, which range from
three months to three years, subject to extension(s).

The Separation Arrangements also provide for a governance framework which applies
during the implementation of the separation. Certain protective covenants (including
non-compete
 arrangements and
non-solicit
 obligations) also apply to the Barclays
Group, in respect of the countries BAGL operates in, until 6 June 2020. These protective covenants are subject to certain agreed carve outs, including where Barclays and BAGL continue to cooperate for the benefit of mutual clients, where
appropriate.

The Separation Arrangements also include a Transitional Trade Mark Licence agreement (the “
TTML
”), which
came into effect on 6 June 2017, and replaced previous trademark licence agreements between the Barclays Group and the BAGL group. The TTML allows BAGL to continue to use the Barclays brand for up to 12 months in South Africa and for up to
three years in other BAGL territories, subject to limited exemptions.


360 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Barclays Group’s risk management strategy


Introduction

The
activities of Barclays Group entail risk taking, every day, throughout its business. This section introduces these risks, and outlines arrangements for identifying and managing them. These include roles and responsibilities, frameworks, policies and
standards, assurance and lessons learned processes. Barclays Group’s approach to fostering a strong risk culture is also described.

Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF)

The ERMF sets the strategic direction for risk management by
defining standards, objectives and responsibilities for all areas of Barclays Group. It supports the Barclays Group Chief

Executive
Officer (CEO) and Barclays Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) in effective risk management and developing a strong risk culture.

The ERMF
sets out:


◾
  Principal risks faced by
Barclays Group


◾
  Risk appetite requirements


◾
  Roles and
responsibilities for risk management


◾
  Risk committee structure


Principal risks


The ERMF identifies eight Principal Risks (see table below) and sets out associated responsibilities and risk management standards.


Risk appetite for the principal risks


Risk appetite is defined as the level of risk which Barclays Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities.


Risk appetite is approved and disseminated across legal entities and businesses, with limits specified to control exposures and activities that have
material concentration risk implications for Barclays Group.

Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk


The Three Lines of Defence


All colleagues are responsible for understanding and managing risks within the context of their individual roles and responsibilities, as set out
below.

First Line of Defence

The First Line of Defence comprises all employees engaged in the revenue generating and client facing areas of Barclays Group and all associated support functions, including Finance, Treasury, Human Resources and the


Chief Operating Office (COO) function.

Employees in the First Line are responsible for:

◾
  identifying the risks in their activities and developing appropriate policies, standards and controls


◾
  operating within any and
all limits which the Risk and Compliance functions establish over the exposures and activities of the first line; and

◾
  escalating risk events to senior managers in Risk and Compliance.


Second Line of Defence


The Second Line of Defence comprises employees of Risk and Compliance. The role of the Second Line is to establish the limits, rules and constraints
under which First Line activities shall be performed, consistent with the risk appetite of Barclays Group, and to monitor the performance of the First Line against these limits and constraints. Note that the First Line may also set limits for a
number of their activities related to operational risk.

These will remain subject to supervision by the Second Line.


Third Line of Defence

The
Third Line of Defence comprises employees of Internal Audit. They provide independent assurance to the Barclays Board and Barclays Group Executive Management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control.


The Legal function does not sit in any of the three lines, but supports them all. The Legal function is, however, subject to oversight from


Risk and Compliance, with respect to operational and conduct risks.


Financial Principal
Risks   Non-Financial Principal Risks
◾ Credit risk: The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients,
customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables. ◾ Market risk: The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation in market variables
including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations. ◾ Treasury and capital risk: –  Liquidity risk: The risk that the firm is unable to meet its contractual or
contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets. – Capital risk: The risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of
capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This
includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans. – Interest rate risk in the banking book: The risk that the firm is exposed to
capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities.   ◾ Operational risk: The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events (for
example fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks. ◾ Model risk: The risk
of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. ◾ Conduct risk: The
risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct. ◾ Reputation risk: The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by clients,
counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public. ◾ Legal risk: The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual
requirements.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 361


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Risk committees


Product/risk type committees consider risk matters relevant to their business, and escalate as required to the Group Risk Committee (GRC), whose
Chairman, in turn, escalates to Barclays PLC Board Committees and the Barclays PLC Board.

There are three Board-level forums which
oversee the application of the ERMF and review and monitor risk across the Barclays Group. These are: the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee, the Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee, and the Barclays PLC Board Reputation Committee. Additionally, the
Barclays PLC Board Remuneration Committee oversees pay practices focusing on aligning pay to sustainable performance. Finally, the Barclays PLC Board receives regular information on the risk profile of Barclays


Group, and has ultimate responsibility for risk appetite and capital plans.


The Chairman of each Committee prepares a statement each year on the committee’s activities, which is included in the Barclays PLC Annual
Report 2018 on page 77.

The Board

One of the Board’s responsibilities is the approval of risk appetite (see page 363). The Barclays Group CRO regularly presents a report to the Board summarising developments in the risk environment and performance trends in the
key portfolios. The Board is also responsible for the ERMF.

The Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee (BRC)


The BRC monitors Barclays Group’s risk profile against the agreed appetite. Where actual performance differs from expectations, the actions
taken by management are reviewed to ascertain that the BRC is comfortable with them. After each meeting, the Chairman of


the BRC prepares a report for the next meeting of the Board. All members are independent
Non-Executive
 Directors. The Barclays Group Finance Director and
the Barclays Group CRO attend each meeting as a matter of course.

The BRC receives regular reports on risk methodologies, the
effectiveness of the risk management framework, and Barclays Group’s risk profile, including the material issues affecting each business portfolio and forward risk trends. The committee also commissions

in-depth
 analyses of significant risk topics, which are presented by the Barclays Group CRO or senior risk managers in the businesses. The Chairman of the BRC also sits on the BAC.


The Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee (BAC)

The BAC receives regular reports on the effectiveness of internal control systems, quarterly reports on material control issues of significance, and quarterly papers on accounting judgements (including impairment). It also receives
a half-yearly review of the adequacy of impairment allowances, which it reviews relative to the risk inherent in the portfolios, the business environment and Barclays Group’s policies and methodologies. The Chairman of the BAC also sits on the
BRC.

The Barclays PLC Board Reputation Committee (RepCo)


The RepCo reviews management’s recommendations on conduct and reputation risk and the effectiveness of the processes by which Barclays Group
identifies and manages these risks. It also reviews and monitors the effectiveness of Barclays Group’s citizenship strategy, including the management of Barclays Group’s economic, social and environmental contribution.


The Barclays PLC Board Remuneration Committee (RemCo)


The RemCo receives a detailed report on risk management performance and risk profile, and proposals on

ex-ante
 and
ex-post
 risk adjustments to variable remuneration. These inputs are considered in the setting of performance incentives.


The terms of reference and additional details on membership and activities for each of the principal Board Committees are available from the
Corporate Governance section of Barclays Group’s website at: home.barclays/about-barclays/ barclays-corporate-governance.html.


Coverage of risk reports to executive and Board risk committees


Chairs of Risk Committees at executive and Board levels specify the information they require to discharge their duties. Advance committee calendars
are agreed with the committee chairman. Topics that are regularly covered include:

◾
  Risk profile

◾
  Risk perspective on medium-term plans and strategy

◾
  Risk Appetite

◾
  Results of stress tests, including Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)


◾
  Risk and Conduct inputs
into remuneration decisions

◾
  Other technical topics,
e.g. Model risk.


362 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


In addition to regular topics, committees consider ad hoc papers on current risk topics, such as:


◾
  Political
events and their potential impacts on Barclays and its customers

◾
  Economic developments in major economies or sectors


◾
  Impacts of key market
developments on the risk management of the Barclays Group.

Reports are generally presented by CROs or other accountable executives.
Occasionally subject matter experts are delegated to present specific topics of interest. Report presenters are responsible for following processes for creating reports that include appropriate controls and that these controls are operated
effectively.

Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk – senior management


Certain roles within Barclays carry specific responsibilities and accountabilities with respect to risk management and the ERMF.


Barclays Group Chief Executive Officer

(CEO)

The Barclays Group CEO is accountable for leading the development of Barclays’ strategy and business
plans that align to the Goal, Purpose and Values within the approved Risk Appetite, and for managing and organising executive management to drive their execution. Managing Barclays’ financial and operational performance within the approved Risk
Appetite is ultimately the CEO’s responsibility.

Specifically, a crucial role of the CEO is to appoint the most senior Risk owners
at the executive level including the Barclays Group

Chief Risk Officer and the Barclays Group General Counsel. He must work with them to
embed a strong Risk Culture within the Barclays Group, with particular regard to the identification, escalation and management of risk matters.

Barclays Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO)

The Barclays Group CRO leads the Risk Function across Barclays. His
responsibilities include developing and maintaining the ERMF and clearly articulating Risk Culture objectives. Specific accountabilities include:


◾
  preparing and recommending
the Barclays Group’s Risk Appetite to the Board Risk Committees

◾
  developing, operating and maintaining a comprehensive risk management framework to monitor and manage the risk profile of the Barclays Group


◾
  Providing accurate,
transparent and timely reporting of the actual Risk Profile of the Barclays Group relative to the set Risk Appetite to the Board


◾
  defining the risk taxonomy
(Principal Risks) and updating it as needed so that it remains relevant and comprehensive


◾
  bringing a risk perspective
to compensation decisions


◾
  reporting to all the
relevant stakeholders on Barclays’ risk positions, adherence to Risk Appetite and enterprise wide risks and controls.

Barclays
Group Chief Compliance Officer

The Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer is accountable to the Barclays Group CRO for the
strategic and function leadership of the Compliance Function. The Chief Compliance

Officer is a member of the Barclays Group Executive
Committee, enabling the Compliance Function to discharge its responsibilities properly and independently. Oversight specific accountabilities include:


◾
  managing Barclays
Group’s conduct and reputation risks and escalating to the Board where appropriate

◾
  setting minimum standards through compliance policies applicable globally and monitoring breaches, especially for Conduct and Reputation Risks and Financial Crime


◾
  inputting into
compensation structures, objectives and performance management of employees who can expose Barclays to significant risk

◾
  implementing a robust and effectively managed whistleblowing process on an enterprise-wide basis


◾
  using mandate to access any
part of the organisation and any information, bringing to the attention of line and senior management or the Board, as appropriate, any situation that is of concern from a Conduct or Reputation Risk management perspective that could materially
violate the approved Risk Appetite guidelines.

Barclays Group General Counsel


The Barclays Group General Counsel is required to:


◾
  develop and maintain the
Legal Risk Framework


◾
  define the Legal Risk
Policies


◾
  develop the Barclays
Group-wide and Business Risk Appetite for Legal Risk.

Barclays Group Chief Controls Officer


The Chief Controls Office, led by the Barclays Group Chief Controls Officer, is responsible for overseeing the practical implementation of
operational, conduct and reputation risk controls and control methodologies across the Barclays Group. The Chief Controls Office has the following key responsibilities:


◾
  defining a control
framework directing businesses to manage risk exposure within approved operational risk appetites, and monitoring its application;


◾
  reviewing tolerances for
non-financial
 operational risk exposures set by the business, and maintaining their appropriateness;


◾
  maintaining the standard
for the creation and maintenance of all control documentation in the Barclays Group; and


◾
  overseeing the execution of
control framework requirements consistently across the Barclays Group. Execution includes recording risk events, issues, and the completion of risk and control self-assessments.


Senior Managers Regime

A
number of Members of the Board, the majority of the Barclays Group Executive Committee and a limited number of specified senior individuals are also subject to additional rules included within the Senior Managers Regime (SMR), which clarifies their
accountability and responsibilities. Those designated with a Senior Manager Function under the SMR are held to four specific rules of conduct in which they must:


◾
  take reasonable steps to
establish that the business of the Barclays Group for which they are responsible is controlled effectively

◾
  take reasonable steps to establish that the business of the Barclays Group for which they are responsible complies with relevant regulatory
requirements and standards of the regulatory system

◾
  take reasonable steps to make certain that any delegation of their responsibilities is to an appropriate individual and that they oversee the discharge of the delegated
responsibilities effectively


◾
  disclose appropriately any
information to the FCA or PRA, of which they would reasonably expect notice.

Frameworks, Policies and Standards


Frameworks, policies and standards set out the governance around Barclays’ activities:


◾
  Frameworks cover the
management processes for a collection of related activities and define the associated policies used to govern them

◾
  Policies set out control objectives, principles and other core requirements for the activities of the Barclays Group. Policies describe
“what” must be done


◾
  Standards set out the key
controls that must be followed for the objectives set out in the Policy to be met, and who needs to carry them out. Standards describe “how” controls should be undertaken.


Frameworks, Policies and Standards are owned by the area responsible for performing the described activity.


The Barclays Group CRO is accountable for the development and implementation of frameworks, policies and associated standards for each of the
Financial Principal Risks, Operational Risk and Model Risk. These must be subject to limits, monitored, reported on and escalated as required. The Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer is likewise accountable for Conduct Risk and Reputation Risk,
and the Barclays Group General Counsel for Legal Risk. The Barclays Group CRO and Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer have the right to require amendments to any


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 363


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Frameworks, Policies or Standards in the Barclays Group, for any reason, including inconsistencies or
contradictions among them.

Frameworks, Policies and Standards are subject to minimum annual review, and challenge by the Risk and/or
Compliance functions, unless explicitly waived by the relevant heads of those functions. Principal Risk Frameworks are subject to approval by relevant committees of the Board.


Assurance

Assurance is
undertaken to assess the control environment and to independently assess the ERMF, to provide confidence to the Board in the risk and control framework. The Controls Assurance Standard defines the requirements for Controls Assurance and Controls
Testing.

Internal Audit is responsible for the independent review of risk management and the control environment. Its objective is to
provide reliable, valued and timely assurance to the Board and executive management over the effectiveness of controls, mitigating current and evolving material risks and thus enhancing the control culture within the Barclays Group. The Board Audit
Committee reviews and approves Internal Audit’s plans and resources, and evaluates the effectiveness of Internal Audit. An assessment by independent external advisers is also carried out periodically.


Effectiveness of risk management arrangements

The embedding of the ERMF is monitored by executive and board committees as described above. The ERMF and its component Principal Risks are subject to control testing assurance reviews to confirm its effectiveness or identify issues
to be mitigated. Management and the Board are satisfied that these arrangements are appropriate given the risk profile of the Barclays Group.

Learning from our mistakes

Learning from mistakes is central to Barclays’ culture and values, demonstrating
a commitment to excellence, service and stewardship and taking accountability for failure as well as success. The Barclays Group seeks to learn lessons on a continuous basis to support achievement of strategic objectives, increase operational
excellence and to meet commitments to stakeholders, including colleagues, customers, shareholders and regulators.

Barclays has
implemented a Barclays Group Lessons Learned process, setting out requirements for the completion of Lessons Learned assessments in response to internal and external risk events. The approach is aligned to the Three Lines of Defence model (see page
83), with businesses and functions accountable for undertaking Lessons Learned Assessments; the Second Line providing


oversight and challenge; and independent review by Internal Audit.

Core components
of the Lessons Learned approach include:


◾   Defined triggers for when Lessons Learned Assessments must be completed


◾   Requirements and guidance for the completion of root cause analysis to identify the causes of risk events impacting the Barclays Group


◾   Standardised Templates to report conclusions consistently to relevant management fora and committees


◾   Use of a central system to record completed Lessons Learned Assessments and to facilitate sharing across the Barclays Group.


Barclays Group’s risk culture

Risk culture can be defined as the “norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk taking and risk management”.

At Barclays Group this is reflected in how colleagues identify, escalate and manage risk matters.

Our Code of
Conduct – the Barclays Way

Globally, all colleagues must attest to the “Barclays Way”, our Code of Conduct, and all
frameworks, policies and standards applicable to their roles. The Code of Conduct outlines the purpose and values which govern our Barclays Way of working across our business globally. It constitutes a reference point covering the aspects of
colleagues’ working relationships, with other Barclays Group’s employees, customers and clients, governments and regulators, business partners, suppliers, competitors and the broader community.


Embedding of a values-based, conduct culture

Conduct, culture and values remain a priority of the Barclays Group Executive Committee who receive regular, detailed information from the business lines, and clearly communicate their intentions and the Barclays Group’s
progress to all colleagues. The effectiveness of the risk and control environment, for which all colleagues are responsible, depends on the continued embedment of strong values. Colleagues must be willing to meet their risk management
responsibilities and escalate issues on a timely basis. Please see Board Reputation Committee report on page 000 for further details.


Induction programmes support new colleagues in understanding how risk management culture and practices support how Barclays Group does business and
the link to Barclays Group’s values. The Leadership Curriculum covers the building, sustaining and supporting of a trustworthy organisation and is offered to colleagues globally.


Other risk culture drivers


In addition to values and conduct, we consider the following determinants of risk culture:


◾   Management and governance: This means a consistent tone from the top and clear responsibilities to enable risk identification and challenge


◾   Motivation and incentives: The right behaviours are rewarded and modelled


◾   Competence and effectiveness: This means that colleagues are enabled to identify, escalate and resolve risk and control matters


◾   Integrity: Colleagues are willing to meet their risk management responsibilities, and escalate issues on a timely basis.


Barclays Group-wide risk management tools

To support Barclays Group-wide management of risks, the Board uses risk appetite, mandate and scale, and stress testing as key inputs in the annual planning cycle, including setting of Barclays Group’s strategy. The following
describes in further detail Barclays Group-wide risk management tools used as part of this process.

Risk Appetite


Risk Appetite is defined as the level of risk which Barclays Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities.


Risk Appetite sets the ‘tone from the top’ and provides a basis for ongoing dialogue between management and Board with respect to Barclays
Group’s current and evolving risk profile, allowing strategic and financial decisions to be made on an informed basis.

The Risk
Appetite setting process aims to consider the material risks Barclays is exposed to under its business plans.

The Risk Appetite of
Barclays Group aims to:


◾   Specify the level of risk we are willing to take to enable specific risk taking activities.


◾   Consider all Principal Risks individually and, where appropriate, in aggregate.


◾   Consistently communicate the acceptable level of risk for different risk types.

Risk Appetite is approved by the Board and must be formally reviewed at least annually in conjunction with the Medium Term Planning

(MTP) process.

Risk Appetite is expressed, by the Board, as the acceptable level of deterioration in a set of key
financial parameters under a severe but plausible stress scenario defined as the Adverse stress test scenario. For 2019 the key financial parameters are listed below.


364 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Measure relevant to strategy and risk   Link between strategy and risk profile   annually. The factors taken into consideration when setting the limit include: ◾ Barclays Group Risk Appetite ◾ current exposure/MTP forecasts ◾ risk return considerations ◾ senior risk management judgement.
Profit after
tax   Fundamental performance of Barclays Group and underpins Barclays Group’s capacity to make capital distributions.
Common Equity Tier
1 (CET1)   Monitors capital adequacy in relation to capital plan, targets and regulatory hurdle rates.


Based on the specified Risk
Appetite, Barclays Group develops both stress loss and mandate & scale limits to control specific activities.

Stress Loss


Stress loss limits are derived from the results of the Adverse stress test scenario. Limits are a reflection of the losses absorbed
by the stressed capital plans within Risk Appetite and provide a crucial link between the strategic planning process and Risk Appetite. Stress loss limits are conservatively assumed to be additive but in practice stresses may not happen at the same
time. Risk management may over-allocate stress loss limits where they deem it unlikely all businesses will require full limit utilization at the same time. Aggregate utilisation across all risk types is monitored against both the aggregate of stress
loss limits and losses absorbed by the stressed capital plan. It is the role of Risk to manage the over-allocation within capital constraints.

Mandate and scale

Mandate and scale is a risk management approach that seeks to formally review and control
business activities to make sure that they are within mandate (i.e. aligned with expectations), and are of an appropriate scale (relative to the risk and reward of the underlying activities) based on an appropriately detailed system of limits. Using
limits and triggers helps mitigate the risk of concentrations which would be out of line with expectations, and which may lead to unexpected losses of a scale that would be detrimental to the stability of the relevant business line or Barclays
Group. For example, for leveraged finance and commercial property finance portfolios, there is a series of limits in place to control exposure within each


business and geographic sector.
To further align limits to the underlying risk characteristics, the mandate and scale limits differentiate between types of exposure. There are, for example, individual limits for property investment and property development.


The mandate and scale framework is used to:


◾   limit concentration risk


◾   keep business activities within Barclays Group and individual business mandate


◾   maintain activities at an appropriate scale relative to the underlying risk and reward


◾   confirm that risk-taking is supported by appropriate expertise and capabilities and take corrective actions otherwise.


The most material mandate and scale limits are designated as
A-level
 (Board level) and
B-Level
 (Barclays Group level). Barclays Group limits are approved by the appropriate risk committee (e.g. Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee) and are subject to additional escalation and governance
requirements.

Further limits are set by risk managers within each business, covering particular portfolios. Unapproved excesses of
limits may result in performance management and disciplinary consequences. Business limits are approved by the relevant business risk team and reportable to the relevant risk committee.


Limits reflect the nature of the risk being managed and controlled and are measured by total financing limits, LGD, stress loss or other metrics as
appropriate. There is explicit identification of the exposures that are captured by limits and any material exclusion must be agreed. Limits are reviewed at least


Stress testing


Barclays Group-wide stress tests are an integrated within the MTP process and annual review of risk appetite. They aim to check that


Barclays Group’s financial position and risk profile provide sufficient resilience to withstand the impact of severe economic stress, allowing
Barclays to make changes to plans as necessary. Barclays Group-wide stress testing process is supported by a Capital Stress Testing Standard which sets out the minimum control requirements and defines clear roles and responsibilities across
businesses and central functions. The results also feed into our internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP).

The following
diagram outlines the key steps in Barclays Group-wide stress testing process, which are described below.

Barclays Group-wide stress
testing process begins with a detailed scenario setting process, with the GRC and BRC agreeing the range of scenarios to be tested. The scenarios are designed to be severe but plausible, and relevant to the business. A wide range of macroeconomic
parameters are defined (such as GDP, unemployment, house prices, FX and interest rates), which allows the impact of the scenarios across the wide range of products and portfolios to be assessed across Barclays Group.


Businesses prepare detailed MTP business plans which form the baseline for the stress test assessment. The stress test process aims to support this
level of complexity, using
bottom-up
 analysis across all of our businesses including both
on-
 and
off-balance
 sheet positions,
and combines running statistical models with expert judgement. An overview of the stress testing approach by


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 365


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Principal Risk is provided in the table on page 000. As part of their stress test assessments,
businesses are also required to identify potential management actions that could be taken to mitigate the impact of stress and document these within their results.


The governance process in place includes a detailed review of stress testing methodology, assumptions, judgements, results and management actions
within each business


(including
sign-off
 by business CROs and CFOs) and by central
functions.

The businesses stress test results are consolidated to form a Barclays Group view which is used to assess the stress impact
on Barclays Group’s capital plans. For the latter, capital management actions such as reducing dividends or redeeming certain capital instruments may be considered. Barclays Group also maintains recovery plans which


take into consideration actions to facilitate recovery from severe stress or an orderly resolution.
These actions are additional to those included in Barclays Group-wide stress testing results.

The overall stress testing results are
reviewed and signed off by the Board, following review by the Stress Testing Steering Committee, the Group Risk Committee and the Board Risk Committee.


Summary of methodologies for Barclays Group-wide stress testing by risk type
Principal Risk   Stress testing approach
Credit risk   ◾ Credit risk
impairment: For retail portfolios businesses use statistical models to establish a relationship between IFRS9 impairment loss levels and key macroeconomic parameters such as GDP, inflation and unemployment, incorporating credit quality migration
analysis to estimate stressed levels. In addition, house price reductions (for mortgages), increased customer drawdowns (for revolving facilities) and higher interest rates impacting customer affordability lead to higher losses which also contribute
to increased impairment levels. For wholesale portfolios the stress shocks on credit risk drivers (PDs, LGDs and EADs) are primarily calibrated using historical and expected relationships with key macro-economic parameters.
◾ Counterparty credit
risk losses: The scenarios include market risk shocks that are applied to determine the market value under stress of contracts that give rise to Counterparty Credit Risk (CCR). Counterparty losses, including from changes to the Credit Valuation
Adjustment and from defaults, are modelled based on the impact of these shocks as well as using stressed credit risk drivers (PDs and LGDs). The same approach is used to stress the market value of assets held as available for sale or at fair value
in the banking book.
◾ Credit risk weighted assets: The impact of the scenarios is calculated via a combination of business volumes and using similar factors to impairment drivers above, as well
as the regulatory calculation and the level of pro-cyclicality of underlying regulatory credit risk models.
Market risk   ◾ Trading book losses: Market risk factors on the balance sheet are stressed using specific market risk shocks (and are used for the CCR analysis, above). The severity of
the shocks applied are dependent on the liquidity of the market under stress, e.g. illiquid positions are assumed to have a longer holding period than positions in liquid markets.
Treasury and Capital Risk   ◾ Funding
risk:
The risk of a mismatch between assets and liabilities, leading to funding difficulties, is assessed.
Businesses apply scenario variables to forecasts of customer loans and advances and deposits levels, taking into account management actions to mitigate the impact of the stress which may affect business volumes. Barclays Group funding requirement
under stress is then estimated and takes into account lower availability of funds in the market.
◾ The analysis of
treasury and capital risk also contributes to the estimate of stressed income and costs:
–  Stress impact on non-interest income is primarily driven by lower projected business volumes and hence lower income from fees and commissions
–  Impact on net interest income is driven by stressed margins,
which depend on the level of interest rates under stress as well as funding costs, and on stressed balance sheet volumes. This can be partly mitigated by management actions that may include repricing of variable rate products, taking into account
interbank lending rates under stress
–  The impact on costs is mainly driven by business volumes and
exchange rates with management actions to partly offset profit reductions (due to impairment increases and decreases in income) such as headcount reductions and lower performance costs.
◾ Capital Risk:
Capital risk is assessed by taking all modelled risk impacts as part of the stress test (as listed above)
into consideration when assessing Barclays Group’s ability to withstand a severe stress. The stressed results are considered against internally agreed risk appetite levels but also regulatory minima and perceived market expectations. The MTP
can only be agreed by the Board if this is within the agreed risk appetite levels under stress.
◾ The IAS19 position of
pension funds is also stressed as part of the capital risk assessment, taking into account key economic drivers impacting future obligations (e.g. long-term inflation and interest rates) and the impact of the scenarios on the value of fund
assets.
◾ Liquidity Risk:
Liquidity risk is assessed by the internal liquidity risk metric (LRA), which analyses specific liquidity
risk drivers such as wholesale funding and contingent funding needs based on the below scenarios:
–  Barclays idiosyncratic liquidity scenario: Barclays faces a loss
of market confidence while the market overall is not impacted
–  Market wide liquidity stress scenario: All financial
institutions are impacted by a market wide loss of confidence
–  Combined liquidity stress scenario: A simultaneous Barclays
idiosyncratic and market liquidity stress scenario
–  Long term liquidity stress
scenario: Barclays is unable for a prolonged period of time to access the capital market on a regular basis.


366 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Principal Risk   Stress testing approach
Operational risk   ◾ Operational risk loss
projections take into account the effect of the stressed economic scenario. Operational risk is also included in the reverse stress testing framework through scenario assessment of idiosyncratic operational risk events.
Model risk   ◾ IVU reviews the models
and assumptions used in the MTP and stress test and may request the application of overlays to address model deficiencies.
Conduct risk   ◾ Redress/Remediation: Businesses review existing provisions and include additional provisions in MTP if required.
◾ Litigation: Irrespective of whether a provision had been recognised, stress projections of future losses for conduct risk matters managed by legal are estimated by
exercising expert judgment on a case by case basis (material matters) or on a portfolio basis (non-material matters) on accordance with the methodology provided by regulators (EBA, PRA).
Reputation
risk   ◾ Reputation risk is not
quantified or stressed.
Legal
risk   ◾ Legal risk is not
quantified or stressed.


In 2018, the internal Barclays Group-wide stress testing exercise was run as part of the MTP process,
where Barclays Group assessed the impact of an “Adverse” global recession scenario. This was used for the MTP Risk Review and risk appetite setting process.


Barclays Group-wide stress testing framework also includes reverse stress testing techniques, which aim to identify the circumstances under which
Barclays Group’s business model would no longer be viable, leading to a significant change in business strategy and to the identification of appropriate mitigating actions. Examples include extreme macroeconomic downturn (‘severely
adverse’) scenarios, or specific idiosyncratic events, covering both operational risk and capital/liquidity events.

Reverse stress
testing is used to help support ongoing risk management and is an input to our Recovery Planning process.

Business and risk type
specific stress tests

Stress testing techniques at portfolio and product level are also used to support risk management. For
example, portfolio management in the US cards business employs stressed assumptions of loss rates to determine profitability hurdles for new accounts. In the United Kingdom mortgage business, affordability thresholds incorporate stressed estimates
of interest rates. In the Corporate and Investment Bank, global scenario testing is used to gauge potential losses that could arise in conditions of a severe but plausible market stress. Stress testing is also conducted on positions in particular
asset classes, including interest rates, commodities, equities, credit and foreign exchange.

Regulatory stress testing


In addition to running internal Barclays Group-wide stress tests, Barclays Group also runs regulatory stress tests. In 2018, the PRA
ran its annual concurrent stress testing of the major UK banks, which was based on the Bank of England (BoE) stress scenario. The results of the stress test were published in December 2018, and support the BoE’s aim for increased transparency
as part of its stress testing framework.


Barclays Group is also subject to stress testing by
non-UK

regulators which includes the European Banking Authority (EBA) and the US Federal Reserve CCAR process (which focuses on the US domicile legal entity). For 2018 the results of the EBA stress test were published in November 2018 with the CCAR stress
test results published by the US Federal Reserve in June 2018.

Risk management in the setting of strategy


The risk appetite and (internal) stress testing processes described above form the basis of the risk review of the Medium Term Plan (MTP), performed
annually. The MTP embeds Barclays Group’s objectives into detailed business plans taking into account the likely business and macroeconomic environment. The strategy is informed by the risk review process, which includes reviewing Barclays
Group’s risk profile and setting of risk appetite.

◾
  The MTP risk review process includes a review of the proposed risk appetite by the business, including assessment of business plans under stress which is used to inform
the MTP.

◾
  If the
business’ plans entail too high a level of risk, management can challenge them. This assessment is based on a comparison of the businesses’ own risk appetite assessment reflected in their business plans

(‘bottom-up’
 risk appetite) with the central risk team’s view
(‘top-down’
 risk appetite) based on the financial constraints set by the Board for
Barclays Group.


◾
  Businesses may be asked to
update their business plans until the
bottom-up
 risk appetite is within
top-down
 appetite. There is also a detailed review of the stressed estimates and the methodology
used to translate the economic scenario to these stressed estimates, as well as the management actions included in the businesses’ results to verify that these are appropriate and realistic in a stressed environment.


◾
  Risk review meetings are
held with the CFO, CRO and Treasurer of each business, where they present their business plans to Barclays Group CRO and Finance Director. The findings from the risk reviews are discussed, including the risk appetite proposals and stress testing
results. Businesses may be required to change their business plans as a result of these meetings.

◾
  Interim internal capital adequacy assessments inform the capital planning process and are reviewed during the Risk Review meetings. These assessments are refreshed based
on
year-end
 positions and reflected in the ICAAP.

◾
  The MTP Risk Review further reviews the Risk Register outlining the risk profile of businesses to confirm the completeness of risk appetite, capital adequacy assessments
and Barclays Group-wide internal stress test.

The BRC has overall responsibility for reviewing Barclays Group’s risk profile and
making appropriate recommendations to the Board. The Board is ultimately responsible for approving the MTP and Barclays Group’s risk appetite. The risk appetite process allows senior management and the Board to understand the MTP’s
sensitivities by risk type, and includes a set of limits to help maintain Barclays Group stays within it risk appetite, as described above.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 367


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


This section
discusses the organisation specific to the management of credit risks, and provides details of the calculation of risk weighted assets under the Internal Ratings Based approach of the Basel framework. ◾ Pages 368 to 375 cover the aspects of the Group’s risk management framework specific to credit risk, including committees and Barclays Group’s reporting
structure ◾ As 63% of our regulatory capital is for credit risk, we devote pages 376 to 384 to detailing how we approach the internal ratings models, and how the framework supports
risk differentiation and management.


368 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Credit risk


The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties,
including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.


Overview


The credit risk that Barclays Group faces arises from wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising
from derivative contracts with clients; trading activities, including: debt securities, settlement balances with market counterparties, FVOCI assets and reverse repurchase loans.


Credit risk management objectives are to:


4.   maintain a framework of controls to oversee credit risk;


5.   identify, assess and measure credit risk clearly and accurately across Barclays Group and within
each separate business, from the level of individual facilities up to the total portfolio;


6.   control and plan credit risk taking in line with external stakeholder expectations and avoiding
undesirable concentrations;


7.   monitor credit risk and adherence to agreed controls.


Organisation and structure


Wholesale and retail portfolios are managed separately to reflect the differing nature of the assets; wholesale balances tend to be larger and are
managed on an individual basis, while retail balances are greater in number but lesser in value and are, therefore, managed in aggregated segments.

The credit risk management teams in each legal entity are accountable to the relevant Legal Entity CRO, who reports to the Barclays Group CRO.


Roles and responsibilities


The responsibilities of the credit risk management teams in the businesses, the sanctioning team and other shared services include: sanctioning new
credit agreements (principally wholesale); setting approval strategies for transactions (principally retail); setting risk appetite; monitoring risk against limits and other parameters; maintaining robust processes, data gathering, quality, storage
and reporting methods for effective credit risk management; performing effective turnaround and workout scenarios for wholesale portfolios via dedicated restructuring and recoveries teams; maintaining robust collections and recovery processes/units
for retail portfolios; and development of credit risk measurement models.

For wholesale portfolios, credit risk approval is undertaken
by experienced credit risk professionals operating within a clearly defined delegated authority framework, with only the most senior credit officers assigned the higher levels of delegated authority. The largest credit exposures, which are outside
the Risk Sanctioning Unit or Risk Distribution Committee authority, require the support of a legal entity Senior Credit Officer. For exposures in excess of the legal entity Senior Credit Officer’s authority, approval by Group Senior Credit
Officer/Board Risk Committee is also required. The Barclays Group Credit Risk Committee, attended by legal entity Senior Credit Officers, provides a formal mechanism for the Barclays Group Senior Credit Officer to exercise the highest level of
credit authority over the most material Barclays Group single name exposures.


In the wholesale portfolios, credit risk managers are organised in sanctioning teams by geography,
industry and/or product.

The role of the Central Risk function is to provide Barclays Group-wide direction, oversight and challenge of
credit risk taking. Central Risk sets the Credit Risk Control Framework, which provides the structure within which credit risk is managed, together with supporting credit risk policies and standards.


Reporting

Barclays Group
dedicates considerable resources to gaining a clear and accurate understanding of credit risk across the business and maintaining that its balance sheet correctly reflects the value of the assets in accordance with applicable accounting principles.
This process can be summarised in five broad stages:


◾   measuring exposures and concentrations


◾   monitoring performance and asset quality


◾   monitoring for weaknesses in portfolios


◾   raising allowances for impairment and other credit provisions


◾   returning assets to a performing status or writing off assets when the whole or part of a debt is considered irrecoverable.


Measuring exposures and concentrations

Loans and advances to customers provide the principal source of credit risk to the Barclays Group although it is also exposed to other forms of credit risk through, for example, loans and advances to banks, loan commitments and debt
securities. Risk management policies and processes are designed to identify and analyse risk, to set appropriate risk appetite, limits and controls, and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits by means of reliable and timely data.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 369


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Loan loss rate (bps) – longer-term trends


Notes


a   Restated to reflect the impact of IFRS10, which results in some former Exit Quadrant
exposures being recorded at fair value from 2012 onwards


b   Figures from 2015 onwards exclude Africa


One area of particular review is concentration risk. A concentration of credit risk exists when a
number of counterparties or customers are engaged in similar activities or geographies, and have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic and
other conditions. As a result, the Barclays Group constantly reviews its concentration in a number of areas including, for example, geography, maturity and industry.


Mandate and scale limits are used to maintain concentrations at appropriate levels, which are aligned with the businesses’ stated risk
appetite. Limits are typically based on the nature of the lending and the amount of the portfolio meeting certain standards of underwriting criteria. Diversification, to reduce concentration risk, is achieved through setting maximum exposure limits
to individual counterparties’ exposures. Excesses are reported to the BRC.

Monitoring performance and asset quality


Trends in the quality of Barclays Group’s loan portfolio are monitored in a number of ways including tracking loan loss rate
and coverage ratios.

Loan loss rate

The loan loss rate (LLR) provides a way of consistently monitoring trends in loan portfolio quality at Barclays Group, business and product levels. The LLR represents the annualised impairment charges on loans and advances to
customers and banks and other credit provisions as a percentage of the total,
period-end
 loans and advances to customers and banks, gross of impairment allowances. Details of the LLR for the current period may
be found in the Credit Risk Performance section on page xx in the 2018 Annual Report.


Coverage ratios


Loans and advances total impairment coverage


Total coverage ratios will vary according to the type of product. The increase in 2017 reflects the transition to
the new accounting standard IFRS9. Overall, coverage ratios would therefore be expected to remain fairly steady over a defined period of time but in principle, a number of factors may affect Barclays Group’s overall coverage ratios, including:


◾
  The mix of products:
coverage ratios will tend to be lower when there is a high proportion of secured Retail and corporate balances. This is due to the fact that the recovery
outlook on these types of exposures is typically higher than Retail unsecured products, with the result that they will have lower impairment requirements;


◾
  The stage in the economic cycle:
coverage ratios will tend to be lower in the earlier stages of deterioration in credit conditions. At this stage, Retail delinquent balances
will be predominantly in the early delinquency cycles and corporate names will have only recently shown signs of deterioration;


◾

Staging:
coverage
ratios will tend to be higher when there is a high proportion of balances that have met the criteria for significant increase in credit loss with associated expected credit losses (ECL) moving from a
12-month

to a lifetime assessment; and


◾

Write-off
 policies:
the speed with which defaulted assets are written off will affect coverage ratios. The more quickly assets are written off, the lower the ratios will be, since stock with 100% coverage will
tend to roll out of more quickly.

Details of the coverage ratios for the current period are shown in the above chart and may be found in
the analysis of loans and advances and impairment section at page xx in the 2018 Annual Report.

Monitoring weaknesses in portfolios


While the basic principles for monitoring weaknesses in Wholesale and Retail exposures are broadly similar, they reflect the
differing nature of the assets. As a matter of policy, all facilities granted to corporate or Wholesale counterparties are subject to a review on, at least, an annual basis, even when they are performing satisfactorily.


Wholesale portfolios
1


Within the Wholesale portfolios, the Basel definitions of default are used as default indicators which have been aligned to the


IFRS9. Group definitions of default used are:


◾
  Barclays Group puts the
credit obligation on a
non-accrued
 status;

◾
  Barclays Group makes a
charge-off
 or account specific identified impairment resulting from a significant perceived decline in
credit quality;


◾
  Barclays Group sells the
credit obligation at a material credit-related economic loss;


1 Includes certain Business
Banking facilities which are recorded as Retail for management purposes.


370 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


◾
  Barclays Group triggers a
petition for obligor’s bankruptcy or similar order;

◾
  Barclays Group becomes aware of the obligor having sought or having been placed in bankruptcy or similar protection where this would avoid or delay repayment of the credit
obligation to Barclays Group;


◾
  Barclays Group becomes
aware of an acceleration of an obligation by a firm;

◾
  where the obligor is a bank – revocation of authorisation;


◾
  where the obligor is a
sovereign – trigger of default definition of an approved External Credit Assessment Institution (ECAI) such as a rating agency;


◾
  Obligor past due more than
90 days on any material credit obligation to Barclays Group.

Wholesale accounts that are deemed to contain heightened levels of risk are
recorded on graded watchlists (WL) comprising four categories graded in line with the perceived severity of the risk attached to the lending, and its probability of default. Examples of heightened levels of risk may include, for example:


◾
  a material reduction in
profits;

◾
  a
material reduction in the value of collateral held;

◾
  a decline in net tangible assets in circumstances which are not satisfactorily explained;


◾
  periodic waiver requests or
changes to the terms of the credit agreement over an extended period of time.

These lists are updated monthly and circulated to the
relevant risk control points. Once an

account has been placed on WL, the exposure is monitored and, where appropriate, exposure
reductions are effected.

While all counterparties, regardless of financial health, are subject to a full review of all facilities on at
least an annual basis, more frequent interim reviews may be undertaken should circumstances dictate. Specialist recovery functions deal with counterparties


in higher levels of WL, default, collection or insolvency. Their mandate is to maximise shareholder
value, ideally via working intensively with the counterparty to help them to either return to financial health or, in the cases of insolvency, obtain the orderly and timely recovery of impaired debts. Where a counterparty’s financial health
gives grounds for concern, it is immediately placed into the appropriate watchlist category.

Retail portfolios


Within the Retail portfolios, which tend to comprise homogeneous assets, statistical techniques more readily allow potential credit weaknesses to be
monitored on a portfolio basis. Retail accounts can be classified according to specified categories of arrears status (or
30-day
 cycle), which reflects the level of contractual payments which are overdue. An
outstanding balance is deemed to be delinquent when it is one day or “one penny” down.

Once a loan has passed through a
prescribed number of cycles, normally six, it will be
charged-off
 and enter recovery status.
Charge-off
 refers to the point in time when collections activity changes
from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the full balance. In most cases,
charge-off
 will result in the account moving to a legal recovery function or debt sale. This will typically occur after an
account has been managed by a collections function. However, in certain cases, an account may be charged off directly from a performing status, such as in the case of insolvency or death.


The timings of the
charge-off
 points are established based on
the type of loan. For the majority of products, the standard period for charging off accounts is six cycles (180 days past due date of contractual obligation). Early
charge-off
 points are prescribed for
unsecured assets. For example, in cases of customer bankruptcy or insolvency, associated accounts are charged off within 60 days of notification.

Returning assets to a performing status

Wholesale portfolios


In Wholesale portfolios, an account may only be returned to a performing status when it ceases to have any actual or perceived financial stress and
no longer meets any of the watchlist criteria, or once facilities have been fully repaid or cancelled. Unless a facility is fully repaid or cancelled, the decision in Corporate Banking to return an account to performing status may only be taken by
the credit risk team, while within the Investment Bank, the decision can only be taken by the BI Watch List Committee.

Retail
portfolios

A Retail asset,
pre-point
 of
charge-off,

may only be returned to a performing status in the following circumstances:

◾
  all arrears (both capital and interest) have been cleared and payments have returned to original contractual payments;


◾
  for revolving products, a
re-age
 event has occurred, when the customer is returned to an
up-to-date
 status without having cleared the requisite level of arrears;


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 371


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


◾   for amortising products, which are performing on a programme of Forbearance and meet the following criteria may be returned to the performing book classified as High Risk 2 :


–   no interest rate concessions must have been granted


–   restructure must remain within original product parameters (original term + extension)


–   twelve consecutive payments at the revised contractual payment amount must have been received post
the restructure event.

For residential mortgages, accounts may also be considered for rehabilitation post
charge-off,
 where customer circumstances have changed. The customer must clear all unpaid capital and interest, and confirm their ability to meet full payments going forward.


Recovery units

Recovery
units are responsible for exposures where deterioration of the counterparty/ customer credit profile is severe, to the extent that timely or full recovery of exposure is considered unlikely and default has occurred or is likely in the short term.
Recovery teams set and implement strategies to recover Barclays Group’s exposure through realisation of assets and collateral, in
co-operation
 with counterparties/customers and where this is not possible
through insolvency and legal procedures.

In Wholesale, for a case to be transferred to a recovery unit, it must be in default and have
ceased to actively trade or be in insolvency. In Retail, the timings of the
charge-off
 points to recovery units are established based on the type of loan. For the majority of products, the standard period for
charging off accounts is six missed contractual payments (180 days past due date of contractual obligation) unless a Forbearance programme is agreed. Early points are prescribed for unsecured assets. For example, in case of customer bankruptcy or
insolvency, associated accounts are charged off within 60 days of notification. See recovery information included in Analysis of Specific Portfolio and Asset Types section on page xx in the 2017 Annual Report.


Foreclosures in process and properties in possession


Foreclosure is the process where Barclays Group initiates legal action against a customer, with the intention of terminating the loan agreement
whereby Barclays Group may repossess the property subject to local law and recover amounts it is owed. This process can be initiated by Barclays Group independent of the impairment treatment.


2   The identification and subsequent treatment of up-to-date customers who, either through an event or observed behaviour exhibit potential financial difficulty. High Risk includes customers who have suffered recent financial dislocation, i.e. prior
forbearance or re-age.


Properties in possession include properties held as ‘loans and advances to customers’ and
properties held as ‘other real estate owned’.

Held as ’loans and advances to customers’ (UK and Italy) refers to the
properties where the customer continues to retain legal title but where Barclays Group has enforced the possession order as part of the foreclosure process to allow for the disposal of the asset, or the court has ordered the auction of the property.


Writing off assets

Write-off
 refers to the point where it is determined that the asset is irrecoverable, it is no longer considered economically viable to try and recover the asset, it is deemed immaterial, or
full and final settlement is reached and a shortfall remains. In the event of
write-off,
 the customer balance is removed from the balance sheet and the impairment reserve held against the asset is released.


The timing and extent of write-offs may involve some element of subjective judgement. Nevertheless, a

write-off
 will often be prompted by a specific event, such as the inception of insolvency proceedings or other formal recovery action, which makes it possible to establish that some or the entire advance is
beyond realistic prospect of recovery. The position of impaired loans is also reviewed at least quarterly to make sure that irrecoverable advances are being written off in a prompt and orderly manner and in compliance with any local regulations.


For Retail portfolios, the timings of the
write-off
 points are established based on the type of
loan. For unsecured, assets in the recoveries book will be
written-off
 if the required qualifying repayments are not made within a rolling twelve-month period. For secured loans, the shortfall after the
receipt of the proceeds from the disposal of the collateral is written off within three months of that date if no repayment schedule has been agreed with the borrower. Such assets are only written off once all the necessary procedures have been
completed and the amount of the loss has been determined.

Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are written back and
hence decrease the amount of the reported loan impairment charge in the income statement.

In 2018, total write-offs of impaired
financial assets decreased 6% to £2.2bn (2017: £2.3bn).

Total
write-off
 of
impaired financial assets (£m)


Assessment of Impairment Under IFRS9


From 1 January 2018, a new accounting standard, IFRS 9, became effective which prescribes the rules for measuring impairment allowances for
financial assets. Under the IFRS9 accounting standard, businesses are required to assess and recognise Expected

Credit Losses (ECL) on
financial assets from the point of origination or purchase, and to update said assessment at each reporting date, reflecting changes in the credit risk of the financial asset.


ECL represents present value measure of the credit losses expected to result from default events that may occur during a specified period of time.
ECLs must reflect the present value of cash shortfalls, i.e. the difference between cash flows due under the contract and the cash flows that the business now expects to receive. Given ECLs take into account both the amount and the timing of
payments, a credit loss may result if a contractual payment is missed or received late, even if the debt is ultimately paid in full. ECL assessments must reflect an unbiased and probability weighted assessment of a range of possible outcomes,
including reasonable and supportable information about future economic conditions.

Exposures must be assessed and assigned to one of the
following populations at each reporting point:


◾   Stage 1: Performing risk assets.

In scope
items classified as stage 1 exposure for IFRS9 purposes are those assets performing in line with expectations in place at the point of origination/acquisition. This includes new originations or purchased assets (from the point of initial
origination), but excludes exposures deemed credit impaired at point of origination.

Businesses must recognise an
impairment allowance equal to 12 months expected credit losses. This allowance must be raised at point of initial reporting of an asset and the assessment updated at each subsequent reporting point.


◾   Stage 2: Significantly deteriorated risk assets.

Assets classified as stage 2 exposures for IFRS9 purposes are those where credit risk has significantly increased compared with expectations at point of origination/ acquisition, but which are not yet considered ‘Credit
Impaired’.


372 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


In order to maintain that individual exposures or groups of assets are correctly
classified as stage 2 assets, businesses must undertake regular assessments to identify whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred since initial recognition. This must take the form of the following:


– Quantitative Test


Where the residual annualised weighted average lifetime PD for an individual exposure at the latest reporting date shows a
material deterioration compared with that at the origination/acquisition point, then the assets must be classified under stage 2 as having significantly increased credit risk.


The assessment of materiality, i.e. at what point the PD increase is deemed ‘significant’, is based upon analysis of the
portfolios risk profile against a common set of defined principles and key performance metrics.


– Qualitative Test


For personal banking assets managed under Retail Portfolios, accounts meeting the portfolios ‘high risk’ criteria, must
be classified under stage 2 as having significantly increased credit risk. For Wholesale portfolios and Business Banking assets managed under Retail portfolios where accounts are managed under the Watch List framework, then customers on WL 2/3, not
breaching the quantitative test must be classified under stage 2 as having SICR. Obligors on WL1 may be classified as stage 1 for a maximum period of 6 months. In exceptional circumstances for an obligor on WL2 where it can be proven that a specific
exposure is not deteriorated e.g. it is newly originated and therefore cannot have deteriorated, stage 1 ECL may be applied.


– Backstop Criteria


For Retail portfolios, adverse changes in payment status must be considered within the assessment, and accounts 1 or more
contractual payment in arrears at reporting date classified under stage 2, except where:


a.   The missed payment is a result of a bank error or technical issue;


b.   The arrears can be analytically proven not to represent deterioration from risk performance
expectations at point of origination/acquisition, e.g. where there is a very small period between cycle point and reporting date. Such exceptions must be approved by the GCRD or nominated delegate. Exposures at 30 days or more past contractual
payment due date at the reporting date must be classified as stage 2 assets without exception.

For
Wholesale portfolios adverse changes in payment status must be considered within the assessment, and accounts with contractual payment 30 days or more in arrears at reporting date are included within the entry criteria for stage 2,


except where the missed payment is a result of a proven bank error or
administrative issue. Where 30 days is used it must be proven that this is a backstop, not a lead driver of exposure moving to stage 2.

Where the assessment of SICR is undertaken on a collective basis, assets must be grouped on the basis of similar risk characteristics, taking into account asset type, industry, geographical location, collateral type,
past-due
 status and other relevant factors.

Businesses must raise an impairment
allowance equivalent to the latest assessment of lifetime expected credit losses. This increased allowance must be recognised at the first reporting point following entry to stage 2 and the assessment updated at each subsequent reporting date.


The assessment of lifetime ECLs for stage 2 (and stage 3) assets must consider the maximum contractual period over
which the business is exposed to credit risk, including the impact of permitted extensions and
pre-payments,
 i.e. those available at the option of the borrower to which the business must agree.


For loan commitments, the lifetime assessment period is normally the maximum contractual life, i.e. the period from the point
the loan commitment is established to closure/full repayment of the exposure. However, where customer use of contractually available
pre-payments
 and/ or extension has a material impact on the expected life of
the asset, then use of behavioural life may be justified.

For revolving credit facilities, the lifetime assessment
period may extend beyond the contractual life to include the period over which the business is expected to be exposed to credit risk, based on historical experience i.e. an assessment of the average time to default, closure or withdrawal of the
facility.

Assets may be removed from stage 2 and
re-assigned
 to stage 1 once
there is objective evidence that the criteria used to indicate a significant increase in credit risk are no longer met.


◾   Stage 3: Credit impaired risk assets.


Assets classified as stage 3 exposures for IFRS9 purposes are those where credit risk has increased to a point where they are
now considered ‘Credit Impaired’. For Retail portfolios, this incorporates all accounts in forbearance, regardless of whether classified as performing or
non-performing
 for EBA reporting purposes.
For Wholesale portfolios cases of forbearance not captured by stage 3 (i.e. those not meeting the regulatory definition of default - EBA classification of
non-performing)
 must be classified as stage 2 until
such time as the relevant forbearance probation period has been completed.


Businesses must raise an impairment allowance equivalent to the latest assessment
of lifetime expected credit losses, i.e. on the same basis as for stage 2 assets.

For Single Name Wholesale Assets, a
threshold approach is taken with stage 3 impairment calculated individually. A discounted cash flow is completed establishing a base estimated impairment allowance, derived from the difference between asset carrying values and the recoverable
amount.

Where the base allowance is greater than GBP 10m, a bespoke assessment is performed reflecting individual work
out strategies. The assessment is clearly and specifically articulated including how general economic scenarios and downside analyses have been applied.


Interest and fee income on stage 3 assets is recognised based on the net amortised value, i.e. the gross carrying amount adjusted
for the loss allowance in line with IFRS principles.

For exposures that are considered credit-impaired on purchase or
origination, lifetime ECLs must be taken into account within the estimated cash flows at point of initial recognition, and the asset classified as stage 3.


In subsequent reporting periods, businesses must recognise cumulative changes in lifetime ECLs since initial recognition as a loss
allowance, i.e. the amount of change in lifetime ECLs is treated as an impairment gain or loss. Assets may only exit stage 3 and be reclassified into stage 1 or stage 2 once the original default trigger event no longer applies.


To fully embed this new standard into businesses, management requires frequent periodic reviews of ECL performance across
Barclays Group both in isolation and, more importantly, in comparison to the underlying performance of portfolios and product types.

Review and challenge is carried out through a hierarchy of committees confirming both the adequacy of provisions under the ECL requirements and that all policies, standards and processes have been adhered to (see below) and that
appropriate controls are evidenced.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form
20-F 373


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Governance and oversight of impairment under IFRS 9


Barclays Group’s organisational structure and internal governance processes oversee the estimation of ECL across several areas, including: i)
setting requirements in policy, including key assumptions and the application of key judgements; ii) the design and execution of models; and iii) review of ECL results.


i.   Impairment policy requirements are set and reviewed regularly, at a minimum annually, to maintain
adherence to accounting standards. Key judgements inherent in policy, including the estimated life of revolving credit facilities and the quantitative criteria for assessing the SICR, are separately supported by analytical study. In particular, the
quantitative thresholds used for assessing SICR are subject to a number of internal validation criteria, particularly in retail portfolios where thresholds decrease as the origination PD of each facility increases. Key policy requirements are also
typically aligned to Barclays Group’s credit risk management strategy and practices, for example, wholesale customers that are risk managed on an individual basis are assessed for ECL on an individual basis upon entering Stage 3; furthermore,
key internal risk management indicators of high risk are used to set SICR policy, for example, retail customers identified as High Risk Management Accounts are automatically deemed to have met the SICR criteria.


ii.   ECL is estimated in line with internal policy requirements using models which are validated by a
qualified independent party to the model development area, the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), before first use and at a minimum annually thereafter. Each model is designated an owner who is responsible for:


◾   Monitoring the performance of the model, which includes comparing predicted ECL versus flow into stage 3 and coverage ratios; and


◾   Proposing post-model adjustments (PMA) to address model weaknesses or to account for situations where known or expected risk factors and information have not been considered in the modelling
process. Each PMA above an absolute and relative threshold is approved by the IVU for a set time period (usually a maximum of six months) together with a plan for remediation. The most material PMAs are also approved by the Barclays Group’s
Chief Risk Officer.

Models must also assess ECL across a range of future economic conditions. These
economic scenarios are generated via an independent model and ultimately set by the Senior Scenario Review Committee. Economic scenarios are regenerated at a minimum annually, to align with Barclays Group’s medium term


planning exercise, but also if the external consensus of the UK or US economy materially worsen. Each model used in the estimation of ECL, including key inputs, are governed by a series of
internal controls, which include the validation of completeness and accuracy of data in golden source systems, documented data transformations and documented lineage of data transfers between systems.


iii.   The Barclays Group’s Impairment Committee, formed of members from both Finance and Risk and
attended by both the Barclays Group’s Finance Director and the Barclays Group’s Chief Risk Officer, is responsible for overseeing impairment policy and practice across Barclays Group and will approve impairment results. Reported results
and key messages are communicated to the Barclays Group’s Board Audit Committee, which has an oversight role and provides challenge of key assumptions, including the basis of the scenarios adopted.


Forbearance and other concession programmes

Forbearance programmes

Forbearance takes place when a concession is made on the contractual terms of a facility
in response to an obligor’s financial difficulties.

Barclays Group offers forbearance programmes to assist customers and clients in
financial difficulty through agreements that may include accepting less than contractual amounts due where financial distress would otherwise prevent satisfactory repayment within the original terms and conditions of the contract. These agreements
may be initiated by the customer, Barclays Group or a third party.

Forbearance programmes for Wholesale portfolios


The majority of Wholesale client relationships are individually managed, with lending decisions made with reference to specific circumstances and on
bespoke terms.

Forbearance measures consist of concessions made towards a debtor that is experiencing or about to experience
difficulties in meeting their financial commitments.

A concession is a sanctioned action, outside of market terms that is beneficial to
the debtor. The concession arises solely due to the financial distress of the debtor and the terms are more favourable than those which would be offered to a new or existing obligor with a similar risk profile. Concessions are represented by:


◾   A change or alteration to the previous terms and conditions of a contract,


◾   A total or partial refinancing of a troubled debt contract.


The following are some examples of concessions which would be deemed forbearance (where granted to
debtors in financial difficulties and outside of market terms):


◾   A restructuring of the contractual terms of a credit facility (such as a reduction in the interest rate).


◾   An extension to the maturity date.


◾   Change to the collateral structure (typically resulting in a net reduction in collateral).


◾   Favourable adjustment to covenants where repayment profile changes, or non-enforcement of material covenant breach.


◾   Repayment in some form other than cash (e.g. equity).


◾   Capitalisation of accrued interest.


◾   Any other concession made which is designed to alleviate actual or apparent financial stress e.g. a capital repayment holiday.


Where a concession is granted that is not a result of financial difficulty and/or is within


Barclays Group’s current market terms, the concession would not amount to forbearance. For example, a commercially balanced restructure within
the Barclays Group’s current terms which involves the granting of concessions and receiving risk mitigation/ structural enhancement of benefit to Barclays


Group would not be indicative of forbearance.

Forbearance is not deemed to have occurred in the following situations:


◾   There is a pending maturity event anticipated at the onset of lending i.e. the loan was never structured to amortise to zero.


◾   A maturity extension or a temporary covenant waiver (e.g. short term standstill) is granted to support a period of negotiation, subject to Barclays Group being satisfied that:


–   the debtor is actively pursuing refinancing or the sale of an asset enabling full repayment at
expiry of the extended term


–   no loss is anticipated


–   payments of interest and capital continues as originally scheduled,


–   there is a high probability of a successful outcome within a “reasonable” time scale (6
months for bilateral facilities, 9 months for multi-lender).


◾   Immaterial amendments to lending terms are agreed, including changes to non-financial internal risk triggers that are only used for internal monitoring
purposes.

Forbearance is considered evidence of a Significant Increase in Credit Risk and all forborne debtors are
impaired as IFRS9 stage 2 (Lifetime Expected Credit Loss) regardless of Watch List category as a minimum for the lifetime of the forbearance. Those forbearance cases in regulatory default will attract stage 3 impairment treatment.


374 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Debtors granted forbearance are classified on watch list (WL) for the duration of the forbearance.
Counterparties placed on WL status are subject to increased levels of credit risk oversight.

Forborne debtors are classified for
reporting as either Performing or
Non-Performing.


Non-Performing
 debtors are defined as:


◾   More than 90 days past due.


◾   Assessed as unlikely to pay credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past due.


◾   Credit impaired.


◾   Performing forborne debtors granted additional forbearance measures or becoming more than 30 days past-due on a facility obligation.

Performing debtors are classified as debtors that are less than 30 days past due and are without risk of
non-payment.


Non-performing
 status remains in force for a
minimum 12 months from the date of classification before the debtor can be considered for performing status. Performing debtors remain forborne for a minimum 24 months before forborne status may be reviewed. The minimum time spent in forbearance for
a case that is
Non-Performing
 at the point forbearance is granted is therefore 36 months.

A
control framework exists along with regular sampling so that policies for watch list and impairment are enforced as defined and all assets have suitable levels of impairment applied. Portfolios are subject to independent assessment.


Aggregate data for Wholesale forbearance cases is reviewed by the Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee.


Forbearance programmes for retail portfolios

Retail forbearance is available to customers experiencing financial difficulties. Forbearance solutions take a number of forms depending on individual customer circumstances. It is imperative that the solution agreed is both
appropriate to that customer and sustainable, with a clear demonstration from the customer of both willingness and ability to repay. Before any permanent programme of forbearance is granted, an affordability assessment is undertaken to confirm
suitability of the offer. Short-term solutions focus on temporary reductions to contractual payments and may change from capital and interest payments to interest only. For loan customers with longer-term financial difficulties, term extensions may
be offered, which may include interest rate concessions. For credit card customers with longer-term financial difficulties, a switch to a fully amortising plan may be offered, which may include an interest rate concession.


When an account is placed into a programme of forbearance, the asset will be classified as such until
a defined cure period has been successfully completed, incorporating a successful track record of payment in line with the revised terms, upon which it will be returned to the

up-to-date
 book. When Barclays Group agrees a forbearance programme with a customer, impairment allowances recognise the impact on cash flows of the agreement to receive
less than the original contractual payments. The Retail Impairment Policy prescribes the methodology for the impairment of forbearance assets, in line with the new IFRS9 methodology adopted in January 2018. Forborne exposures are classified as stage
3 (credit impaired) assets under IFRS9, resulting in higher impairment than for fully performing assets, reflecting the additional credit risk attached to loans subject to forbearance.


When customers exit forbearance, the accounts are ring-fenced as High Risk within the
up-to-date
 book for a period of at least twelve months.

Barclays has continued to assist
customers in financial difficulty through the use of forbearance programmes. However, the extent of forbearance offered by Barclays Group to customers and clients remains small in comparison to the overall size of the loan book.


The level of forbearance extended to customers in other Retail portfolios is not material and, typically, does not currently play a significant part
in the way customer relationships are managed. However, additional portfolios will be added to this disclosure should the forbearance in respect of such portfolios become material.


A Retail loan is not considered to be renegotiated where the amendment is at the request of the customer, there is no evidence of actual or imminent
financial difficulty and the amendment meets with all underwriting criteria. In this case it would be treated as a new loan. In the normal course of business, customers who are not in financial difficulties frequently apply for new loan terms, for
example to take advantage of a lower interest rate or to secure a further advance on a mortgage product. Where these applications meet our underwriting criteria and the loan is made at market interest rates, the loan is not classified as being in
forbearance. Only in circumstances where a customer has requested a term extension, interest rate reduction or further advance and there is evidence of financial difficulty is the loan classified as forbearance and included in our disclosures on
forbearance on page xx of the 2018 Annual Report.

Please see the credit risk performance section on page xx of the 2018 Annual Report
for details of principal Wholesale and Retail assets currently in forbearance.


Other programmes


Retail
re-aging
 activity


Re-aging
 refers to the placing of an account into an
up-to-date
 position without the requisite repayment of arrears. The
re-age
 policy applies to revolving products that have a minimum payment requirement only. No
reduction is made to the minimum due payment amounts which are calculated, as a percentage of balance, with any unpaid principal included in the calculation of the following month’s minimum due payment.


The changes in timing of cash flows following
re-aging
 do not result in any additional cost to Barclays
Group. The following are the conditions required to be met before a
re-age
 may occur:


◾   the account must not have been previously charged off or written off


◾   the borrower cannot be bankrupt, subject to an Individual Voluntary Arrangement (a UK contractual arrangement with creditors for individuals wishing to avoid bankruptcy), or deceased


◾   the borrower must show a renewed willingness and ability to repay the debt. This will be achieved by the borrower making at least three consecutive contractual monthly payments or the equivalent
cumulative amount. Contractual monthly payment is defined as the contractual minimum due. Funds may not be advanced for any part of this


◾   no account should be re-aged more than once within any twelve-month period, or more than twice in a five-year period.


Re-aged
 assets are included in portfolios High Risk population, and are classified as stage 2 assets (i.e.
as having significantly increases credit risk) for IFRS9 impairment purposes. This results in an appropriately higher impairment allowance being recognised on the assets.


Retail small arrears capitalisation

All small arrears capitalisations are now considered a form of Forbearance, based on the European Banking Authority’s requirements for Supervisory Reporting on Forbearance and

Non-Performing
 exposures.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 375


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Refinancing risk


This is the risk that the borrower or group of correlated borrowers may be unable to repay bullet-repayment loans at expiry, and will therefore need
refinancing.

From a large corporates perspective, refinancing risk will typically be associated with loans that have an element of
bullet repayment incorporated into the repayment profile. Refinancing risk is taken into account on a case by case basis as part of the credit review and approval process for each individual loan. The review will consider factors such as the
strength of the business model and sustainability of the cash flows; and for bridge loans, the certainty of the sources of repayment and any associated market risk.


Commercial real estate loans will frequently incorporate a bullet repayment element at maturity. Where this is the case, deals are sized and
structured to enable Barclays Group to term out the loan if the client were unable to refinance the loan at expiry. Credit review will incorporate an examination of various factors that are central to this consideration, such as tenant quality,
tenancy agreement (including break clauses), property quality and interest rate sensitivity. Loans to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will typically be either revolving credit lines to cover working capital needs or amortising exposures, with
periodic refinancing to give the opportunity to review structure, pricing, etc.

Environmental risk


Environmental risk is recognised as a mainstream credit risk issue and Barclays Group has a dedicated Environmental Risk Management team, as part of
the Group Credit Risk Management function. Environmental issues are considered in credit risk assessment, and environmental risk standards are included in the Wholesale Credit Risk Control Framework.


Barclays Group’s approach to environmental credit risk management addresses risk under two categories, namely Direct risk and Indirect risk,
which are covered below.

Direct risk can arise when Barclays Group takes commercial land as collateral. In many jurisdictions,
enforcement of a commercial mortgage by Barclays Group, leading to possession, potentially renders Barclays Group liable for the costs of remediating a site if deemed by the regulator to be contaminated, including for

pre-existing
 conditions. In the UK, Barclays Group’s approach requires commercial land, if being pledged as collateral, to be subject to a screening mechanism. Where required, a further assessment of the
commercial history of a piece of land and its potential for environmental contamination helps reflect any potential environmental degradation in the value ascribed to that security. It also identifies potential liabilities which may be incurred by
Barclays Group, if realisation of the security were to become likely.


Indirect risk can arise when environmental issues may impact the creditworthiness of the borrower.
For instance, incremental costs may be incurred in upgrading a business’ operations to meet emerging environmental regulations or tightening standards. In other circumstances, failure to meet those standards may lead to fines. Environmental
impacts on businesses may also include shifts in the market demand for goods or services generated by our customers, or changing supply chain pressures. Environmental considerations affecting our clients can be varied. Barclays Group has developed a
series of environmental risk briefing notes, covering ten broad industry headings ranging from Agriculture and Fisheries to Oil and Gas, from Mining and Metals to Utilities and Waste


Management. These briefing notes are available to colleagues in business development and credit risk functions across the organisation, outlining
the nature of environmental and social risks of which to be aware, as well as the factors which mitigate those risks.

The growing
importance of climate change as a source of indirect risk is increasingly being recognized in credit policy discussions. Climate risk can arise as physical risk, where changing weather patterns may adversely impact a client’s operations, their
access to critical resources, their supply chains or their distribution networks. It can also be a transition risk if movement to a lower carbon economy increases the costs or reduces the demand for their products or services. Climate risks are
assessed at a relationship level or on a transactional level, such as assessing a client’s perspective on the potential impacts of the climate change agenda on their operations, and the extent to which such impacts are reflected in their
business planning assumptions.

Barclays is a member of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD), and signed the Statement of Support for the TCFD Recommendations, which were published in June 2017. The TCFD recommendations aim to improve the disclosure of information to allow investors, regulators and other stakeholders to
better assess and manage the risks and opportunities resulting from climate change; we rely on appropriate disclosures from clients to inform our own climate-related sector risk management. Clear understanding and analysis of potential financial
risks and opportunities in short, medium and longer term horizons is still at an early stage. We anticipate that disclosures will continue to develop over time, supported by improved analytical tools, data and market practice. This will support
Barclays as a user of climate disclosures across industry sectors and subsequently inform our own disclosures as a preparer. We provide summary disclosures on page 26 of the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2018 with additional detail, including results
of pilot scenario analysis and wider activity in 2018, available in the Barclays PLC Environmental Social Governance Report 2018.


Internal ratings based (IRB) approach


The IRB approach largely relies on internal models to derive the risk parameters/ components used in determining the capital requirement for a given
exposure. The main risk components include measures of the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD). The IRB approach is divided into three alternative applications:

Own-Estimates,
 Supervisory Estimates and Specialised Lending:


Own-Estimates
 IRB (OEIRB): Barclays uses its own models to estimate PD, LGD and EAD to calculate given risk
exposures for various asset classes and the associated Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs).

Supervisory IRB (SIRB): Barclays uses its own PD
estimates, but relies on supervisory estimates for other risk components. The SIRB approach is particularly used to floor risk parameters for wholesale credit exposures where default data scarcity may impact the robustness of the model build
process.

Specialised Lending IRB: For specialised lending exposures for which PD cannot be modelled reliably, Barclays uses a set of
risk weights defined in the relevant regulation, and takes into account a range of prescribed risk factors.

While in the past the
industry has used the terms ‘Advanced’, ‘Foundation’ and ‘Slotting’ IRB, the current enforcing regulation (the Capital Requirements Regulation) does not use these terms.


The IRB calculation for credit risk

For both OEIRB and SIRB approaches, Barclays uses the regulatory prescribed risk-weight functions for the purposes of deriving capital requirements.


In line with regulatory requirements, Long Run Average PD and downturn LGD and CF (Conversion Factor) estimates are used for each customer/facility
to determine regulatory capital for all exposures in scope.

For the purpose of pricing and existing customer management, point in time
(PIT) PD, LGD and EAD are generally used as these represent the best estimates of risk given the current position in the credit cycle. Whilst Long Run Average PDs are always tested at grade/pool level, PIT PDs are also used for the calculation of
capital on certain retail unsecured products, in line with regulation.


376 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Applications of internal ratings


The three components – PD, LGD and CF – are the building blocks used in a variety of applications that measure credit risk across the
entire portfolio:


◾   credit approval: PD models are used in the approval process in both retail and wholesale portfolios. In high-volume retail portfolios, application and behaviour scorecards are frequently
used as decision-making tools. In wholesale and some retail mortgage portfolios, PD models are used to direct applications to an appropriate credit-sanctioning level


◾   credit grading: this was originally introduced in the early 1990s to provide a common measure of risk across Barclays Group. Barclays now employs a 21-point scale of default probabilities. In some applications, grades in this scale are divided further to permit more detailed analysis.


◾   risk-reward and pricing: PD, LGD and CF estimates are used to assess the profitability of deals and portfolios and to facilitate risk-adjusted pricing and strategy decisions


◾   risk appetite: estimates are used to calculate the expected loss and the potential volatility of loss in Barclays Group’s risk appetite framework. See page 363


◾   impairment calculation: under IFRS9, ECL outputs are produced based on PD, EAD and CF IRB feeder models, with scenario and weighting. See page 372


◾   collections and recoveries: model outputs are used to identify segments of the portfolio where collection and recovery efforts should be prioritised


◾   economic capital (EC) calculation: most EC calculations use similar inputs as the regulatory capital (RC) process


◾   risk management information: Risk generate reports to inform senior management on issues such as business performance, risk appetite and EC consumption. Model outputs are used as key
indicators in those reports. Risk also generates regular reports on model risk, which covers model accuracy, model use, input data integrity and regulatory compliance among other issues.


Ratings processes and models for credit exposures

Wholesale credit

To construct ratings for wholesale customers, including financial institutions, corporations,
specialised lending, purchased corporate receivables and equity exposures, Barclays complements its internal models suite with external models and rating agencies’ information. A model hierarchy is in place requiring users/credit officers to
adopt a consistent approach/model to rate each counterparty based on the asset class type and the nature of the transaction.


Wholesale PD models

Barclays
employs a range of methods in the construction of these models:


◾   statistical models are used for our high volume portfolios such as small or medium enterprises (SME). The models are typically built using large amounts of internal data, combined with supplemental
data from external data suppliers where available. Wherever external data is sourced to validate or enhance internally held data, similar data quality standards to those applicable to the internal data management are enforced.


◾   structural models incorporate, in their specification, the elements of the industry-accepted Merton framework to identify the distance to default for a counterparty. This relies upon the modeller
having access to specific time series data or data proxies for the portfolio. Data samples used to build and validate these models are typically constructed by appropriately combining data sets from internal default observations with comparable
externally obtained data sets from commercial providers such as rating agencies and industry data gathering consortia.


◾   expert lender models are used for those parts of the portfolio where there is insufficient internal or external data to support the construction of a statistically robust model. These models
utilise the knowledge and in-depth expertise of the senior credit officers dealing with the specific customer type being modelled. For all portfolios with a low number of default observations, Barclays Group
adopts specific regulatory rules, methodologies and floors in its estimates so that the calibration of the model meets the current regulatory criteria for conservatism.


Wholesale LGD models

The LGD
models typically rely on statistical analysis to derive the model drivers (including seniority of claim, collateral coverage, recovery periods, industry and costs) that best explain Barclays Group’s historical loss experience, often
supplemented with other relevant and representative external information where available. The models are calibrated to downturn conditions for regulatory capital purposes and, where internal and external data is scarce, they are subject to SIRB
floors so that the calibration of the model meets the current regulatory criteria for conservatism.

Wholesale CF models


The wholesale CF models estimate the potential utilisation of the currently available headroom based on statistical analysis of the
available internal and external data and past client behaviour. As is the case with the LGD models, the CF models are subject to downturn calibration for regulatory capital purposes and to floors where data is scarce.


Retail credit

Retail banking
and cards operations have long and extensive experience of using credit models in assessing and managing risks. As a result, models play an integral role in customer approval and management decisions. Most retail portfolios are data rich;
consequently, most models are built
in-house


using statistical techniques and internal data. Exceptions are some expert lender models (similar to those described in the wholesale context) where data scarcity precludes the statistically
robust derivation of model parameters. In these cases, appropriately conservative assumptions are typically used, and wherever possible these models are validated/benchmarked against external data.


Retail PD models

Application
and behavioural scorecards are most commonly used for retail PD modelling:


◾   application scorecards are derived from historically observed performance of new clients. They are built using customer demographic and financial information, supplemented by credit bureau
information where available. Through statistical techniques, the relationship between these candidate variables and the default marker is quantified to produce output scores reflecting a PD. These scores are used primarily for new customer
decisioning but are, in some cases, also used to allocate a PD to new customers for the purpose of capital calculation.


◾   behavioural scorecards differ from application scorecards in that they rely on the historically observed performance of existing clients. The statistically derived output scores are used for
existing customer management activities as well as for the purpose of capital calculation.

Retail LGD models


Retail LGD models are built using bespoke methods chosen to best model the operational recovery process and practices. In a number
of secured portfolios, LGD drivers are parameterised with market factors (e.g. house price indices, haircut of the property value) to capture market trends. For most unsecured portfolios, where recoveries are not based on collateral, statistical
models of cash flows are used to estimate ultimate recoveries and LGDs. In all instances, cash flows are discounted to the point of default by using bespoke country and product level factors. For capital calculations, customised economic downturn
adjustments, taking into account loss and default dependency, are made to adjust losses to stressed conditions.

Retail CF models


CF models within retail portfolios are split into two main methodological categories. The general methodology is to derive product
level credit conversion factors (CCFs) from historical balance migrations, typically for amortising product, such as mortgages, consumer loans. These are frequently further segmented at a bucket level (e.g. by delinquency). The most sophisticated CF
models are based on behavioural factors, determining customer level CCFs from characteristics of the individual facility, typically for overdrafts and credit cards. For capital calculations, customised downturn adjustments, taking into account loss
and default dependency, are made to adjust for stressed conditions.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 377


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


The control mechanisms for the rating system


Model risk is a risk managed under the ERMF. Consequently, Barclays Group Model Risk Policy (GMRP) and its supporting standards covering the
end-to-end
 model life cycle are in place to support the management of risk models.

Key controls captured by the GMRP cover:


◾   model governance is anchored in assigning accountabilities and responsibilities to each of the main stakeholders:


–   model owner – each model must have an owner who has overall accountability for the model


–   model developers – support the model owner and drive development according to the model
owner’s defined scope/ purpose


–   Independent Validation Unit (IVU) – responsible for independent review, challenge and approval
of all models.


◾   externally developed models are subject to the same governance standards as internal models


◾   models are classified by materiality (high/low) and complexity (complex/non-complex)


◾   all models must be validated and approved by IVU before initial implementation/use


◾   models are subject to annual review by the model owner and periodic validation and approval by IVU


◾   all models must be recorded in Barclays Group Models Database (GMD), which records model owners and developers


◾   model owners must evidence that model implementation is accurate and tested.

If a model is found to perform
sub-optimally,
 it may be rejected and/or subjected to a Post Model Adjustment (PMA) before approval for continued use is granted.


The IVU reporting line is separate from that of the model developers. IVU is part of Model Risk Management (MRM), and the head of MRM reports to
Barclays’ Chief Risk Officer (GCRO). The model development teams have separate reporting lines to the Barclays UK and Barclays International Chief Risk Officers, who in turn report to the GCRO.


Under the Three Lines of Defence approach stated in the ERMF, the actions of all parties with responsibilities under the GMRP are subject to
independent review by Barclays Internal Audit.


Validation processes for credit exposures


Validation of credit models covers observed model performance but also the scope of model use, interactions between models, data use and quality,
the model’s theoretical basis, regulatory compliance and any remediation to model risk that are proposed or in place. The following sections provide more detail on processes for validating the performance of each model type.


Wholesale PD models

To
assess model calibration, the IVU compares the model prediction of default frequency to the realised internal default rate both over the latest year and over all observable model history. Due to the relative infrequency of default of large wholesale
obligors, a
long-run
 perspective on default risk is vital. Default rates are also compared to external benchmarks where these are relevant and available, such as default rates in rating-agency data. In
practice, since financial crises have been infrequent, IVU would expect the model PD used in calculating regulatory capital to exceed the long run observed default rate.


For portfolios where few internal defaults have been observed, portfolio PD is compared to the ‘most prudent PD’ generated by the
industry-standard Pluto-Tasche method, using conservative parameter assumptions.

To assess model discrimination performance, the IVU
compares the rank-ordering of internal ratings with the pattern of defaults, if any, to construct the industry-standard Gini statistic or similar. The ordering of internal ratings is also compared to the ordering of internal and external comparator
ratings where these are available.

Measures of grade stability and the degree to which PD tracks default rates over time are also
routinely calculated to infer relevant aspects of the model performance (i.g. rating philosophy).

Wholesale LGD models


To assess model calibration, model outputs are compared to the LGD observed on facilities that entered default in
‘downturn’ periods, as requested by the regulator. Both internal and external data on observed LGD are examined, but preference is given to internal data, since these reflect Barclays’ recovery policies. Comparisons are performed by
product seniority and security status and for other breakdowns of the portfolio. Model outputs are also compared to the
long-run
 average of observed LGD. The time-lapse between facility default and the closure
of recovery is varied and may be long. In the construction of observed LGD, recoveries are discounted back to the date of default at a conservative interest rate, following regulatory guidance of at least 9%. As noted above, regulatory floors are in
place for the LGD used in calculating regulatory capital for exposure types where few default observations are available.


To assess model discrimination, the IVU compares the rank-ordering of model predictions to that of
observed LGD and calculates the Spearman’s Rank correlation coefficient and other measures of discrimination.

Wholesale CF
models

To assess model calibration, the conversion factors observed in internal data are compared to model predictions, both in
downturn periods as defined by the regulator, and on a
long-run
 average basis. Comparisons are performed separately for different product types. Validation focuses on internal data, with external data used as
a benchmark, because conversion factors are related to banks’ facility management practices. Particular care is used in separating cases where facility limits changed between the date of observation and default, as these can lead to
measurements of conversion factors that take extreme values. As a benchmark only, total predicted exposure at default for all defaulted facilities is compared to realised exposure at default. This comparison is done because it is relatively
insensitive to extreme values for observed CF on some facilities. The primary validation tests are performed on facility-weighted rather than exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with the relevant regulations.


Retail PD models

To assess
rating philosophy, i.e. whether it is a
Point-in-Time
 system or
Through-the-Cycle
 system,
the IVU produces migration indices to investigate relevant grade migration.

To assess model calibration, the IVU compares the model
prediction of default frequency to the realised internal default rate by grade/pool as required by CRR. As a minimum, IVU expects the expected default rate is at least equal or above the level of observed default rate.


To assess model discrimination performance, the IVU compares the rank-ordering of internal ratings with the pattern of defaults, if any, to
construct the industry-standard Gini statistic or similar.

To assess model stability, the population distribution, the character
distribution and parameter estimates are assessed individually.

A 0.03% regulatory floor is in place for the facility level PD used in
calculating regulatory capital.


378 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Retail LGD models


LGD model components are compared to observed value respectively, this may include but not limited to probability of possession/ charge off, forced
sale discount, time from default to crystallisation and discount rate. Where components are similar to PD in nature, the approach stated in the PD section applies to assess the calibration, discrimination and stability of the component.


The calibration of the overall LGD is assessed through the expected against actual comparison by default flow and stock population respectively. The
downturn LGD appropriateness is further assessed to test that the downturn LGD is equal to or above the
long-run
 average of observed LGD. This exercise is performed at grade/pool level according to CRR. In the
construction of observed LGD, recoveries are discounted back to the date of default at a conservative interest rate, following regulatory guidance. As noted above, regulatory floors are in place for the LGD used in calculating regulatory capital
where appropriate (this includes but not limited to the
non-zero
 LGD floor at account level, the collateral uncertainty consideration, the portfolio level LGD floor and UK property haircut floor).


The primary validation tests are performed on facility-weighted rather than exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with the relevant regulations.


Retail CF models


The calibration of the overall CF is assessed through the expected against actual comparison by default flow and stock population respectively. The
downturn CF appropriateness is further assessed to test that the downturn CF is equal to or above the
long-run
 average of observed CF. This exercise is performed at grade/pool level according to CRR.
Particular care is used in separating cases where facility limits changed between the date of observation and default, as these can lead to measurements of conversion factors that take extreme values.


Depending on the modelling approach, the relevant measure used for PD/LGD may be used accordingly to assess calibration, discrimination and
stability.

CF is floored so that the exposure at the point of default cannot be less than exposure observed at point of regulatory
reporting.

The primary validation tests are performed on facility-weighted rather than exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with
the relevant regulations.


Selected features of material models


The table below contains selected features of the Group’s AIRB credit risk models which are used to calculate RWAs. Please note that the RWAs
reported in this table are based on the models in production as of Nov’18.


◾   PD models listed in the table account for £105bn of total AIRB approach RWAs


◾   LGD models listed in the table account for £106bn of total AIRB approach RWAs


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 379


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Table 93 IRB credit risk models’ selected features
Size of associated   Applicable
Component   portfolio (RWAs)   Number of   Basel asset classes   industry-wide
modelled   Portfolio   BUK (£m)   BI (£m)   Model description and methodology   years loss data   measured   regulatory thresholds
PD   Publicly traded corporate   0   24811   Statistical model using a Merton-based methodology. It takes quantitative factors as inputs.   > 10 Years   Corporate   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Customers rated by Moody’s and S&P   0   29886   Rating Agency Equivalent model converts agency ratings into estimated equivalent PIT default rates using credit cycles based
on Moody’s data.   > 10 Years   Corporate, Financial Institutions and Sovereigns   PD floor of 0.03% for corporate and institutions
PD   SME customers with turnover < £20m   5489   2926   Statistical models that uses regression techniques to derive relationship between observed default experience and a set of
behavioral variables.   > 10 Years   Corporate SME, SME   Regulatory PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Corporate customers with turnover >= £20m   0   7171   Statistically derived models sourced from an external vendor (Moody’s RiskCalc)   > 10 Years   Corporate   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Home Finance   17280   –   Statistical scorecards estimated using regression techniques, segmented along arrears status and portfolio type.   >10 Years   Secured By Real Estate (residential and buy-to-let mortgages)   Regulatory PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Barclaycard UK   17044   –   Statistical scorecards estimated using regression techniques, segmented along arrears status and portfolio type.   6 – 10 Years   Qualifying Revolving Retail (QRRE)   PD floor of 0.03%
LGD   Corporate and Financial Institutions   –   50268   Model based on a statistical regression that outputs a long run average LGD by estimating the expected value of recovery.
Inputs include industry, seniority, instrument, collateral and country.   > 10 Years   Corporate, Financial Institutions   LGD floor of 45% based on low default portfolio criteria
LGD   All business customers (excluding certain specialized sectors)   5080   16565   Model is based on a function estimated using actual recoveries experience. It takes account of collateral value and an
allowance for non-collateral recovery.   > 10 Years   Corporate   LGD floor of 5%
LGD   UK Home Finance   17280   –   Data driven estimates of loss and probability of possession   6 – 10 Years   Secured By Real Estate (residential and buy-to-let mortgages)   The portfolio average downturn LGD is floored at 10%
LGD   Barclaycard UK   17044   –   Statistical models combining segmented regression and other forecasting techniques   6 – 10 Years   Qualifying Revolving Retail (QRRE)   –


380 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


Credit Risk IRB models performance back testing - estimated versus actual


The following tables compare the PDs and LGDs estimated by the Group’s IRB models with the actual default and loss rates. Comparisons are based
on the assets in IRB approach portfolios and are used to assess performance of the models. The estimates and actual figures represent direct outputs from the models rather than outputs used in regulatory capital calculations that may be adjusted to
apply more conservative assumptions.

Back testing results are reported within each IRB exposure class at overall Bank level both for
Retail and Wholesale, as the historical BUK and BI split is not available for the Wholesale obligors. We intend to report back testing results at BUK and BI level in future once adequate data history is available.


Risk models are subject to the Group Model Risk Policy which contains detailed guidance on the minimum standards for model risk management. For
example, PDs must be estimated over a sufficient period, show sufficient differentiation in predictions for different customers, show conservatism where data limitations exist, and follow prescriptive techniques. These standards are achieved via an
independent validation process through appropriately independent experts. Once validated and correctly implemented, models are subject to regular monitoring to ensure they can still be used. Comparing model estimates with actual default rates for PD
and loss rates for LGD form part of this monitoring. Such analysis is used to assess and enhance the performance of the models.

Further
detail is provided in the management of model risk on page 411.


PD measures


◾   The model estimated PIT PDs are compared with the actual default rates by PD ranges within each IRB exposure class. PD ranges, estimated PDs and actual default rates are based on the existing
models default definitions. UK Cards, UK Home Finance, SME are the only CRD IV compliant portfolio as of the reference month (Nov’17), for the remaining portfolios CRD IV compliant models are either implemented post the reference month or under
implementation or currently under development/approval as per the CRD IV roll out plan agreed with the PRA.


◾   The estimated PDs are forward-looking average PD by the model at the beginning of the twelve-month period, i.e. average PD of the Nov’17 non-defaulted obligors including inactive and non-borrowers. Both EAD weighted and simple average PDs have been reported.


◾   The estimated PDs are compared with the simple average of historical annual default rates over the past 5 years, starting Nov’13.


◾   The PIT PD is used as a predicted measure in internal monitoring and annual validation of the models. In contrast, the capital calculation uses TTC or Regulatory PDs (not shown below), calibrated
to long-run default averages with additional adjustments where modelled outputs display evidence of risk understatement (including credit expert overrides, regulatory adjustments etc.). The PIT measure is
subject to under or over prediction depending on the relative position of the portfolio to the credit cycle.


◾   A mapping has been provided between external ratings and internal PD ranges based on the published reports from the two rating agencies - Moody’s and S&P.


◾   For the wholesale models, the average default probabilities in the tables have been determined from the full scope of clients graded by the IRB model suite, which may include some clients that have
either zero exposure or zero limits marked at the time of calculation.


LGD measures


◾   The model estimated LGDs, unadjusted for regulatory floors and for downturn adjustments, are compared with the actual LGDs within each IRB exposure class.


◾   The estimated LGDs are derived from a simple average of LGDs at the time of default for the set of cases closed over the previous twelve months.


◾   The actual LGD rate is the simple average observed loss rate for the set of cases closed over the previous twelve months, regardless of the time of default.


◾   The LGD measures are used as a predicted measure in internal monitoring and annual validation of the models. The capital calculation uses Downturn LGDs with additional adjustments and regulatory
floors where modelled outputs display evidence of risk understatement.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 381


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Table 93: Analysis of expected performance versus actual results


This table provides an overview of credit risk model performance, assessed by the analysis of average PDs and average LGDs.


The table compares the raw model output to the actual experience in our portfolios. Such analysis is used to assess and enhance the
adequacy and accuracy of models. The raw outputs are subject to a number of adjustments before they are used in the calculation of capital, for example to allow for the position in the credit cycle and the impact of stress on recovery rates.


Asset Class
Weighted Average PD   Arithmetic Average PD by obligors   Number of obligors   Defaulted obligors in the year   of which: new defaulted in the year   Average historical annual default
As at Nov’17   As at Nov’18
EBA PD Range   External Ratings Equivalent
Wholesale   (%)   Moody’s   S&P   %   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   %
Central governments or central banks   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.01%   0.04%   57   43   0   0   0.00%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1, Baa2   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2, Baa3   BBB+, BBB   0.17%   0.18%   4   8   0   0   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.28%   0.37%   7   4   0   0   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BBB-, BB+   0.00%   0.62%   4   2   0   0   0.00%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.15%   1.36%   7   9   0   0   0.00%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B   3.39%   4.48%   9   10   0   0   0.00%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B, B-, CCC+,   0.00%   20.76%   4   5   0   0   0.00%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC, CCC-,
CC+, CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   –   –   –
Institutions   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.03%   0.03%   9,156   8,641   0   0   0.00%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1, Baa2   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2, Baa3   BBB+, BBB   0.17%   0.18%   909   623   0   0   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.37%   0.42%   417   380   0   0   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BBB-, BB+   0.60%   0.60%   53   86   0   0   0.00%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.27%   1.26%   223   199   0   0   0.00%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B   3.93%   4.73%   141   152   1   0   0.29%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B, B-, CCC+,   11.78%   22.17%   46   57   0   0   0.48%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC, CCC-,
CC+, CC,C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   15   9   0   –
Corporate   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.02%   0.05%   1,430   1,365   1   0   0.06%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1, Baa2   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2, Baa3   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   375   353   0   0   0.05%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.34%   0.35%   622   584   3   0   0.22%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BBB-, BB+   0.58%   0.62%   375   251   1   0   0.25%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.38%   1.39%   763   601   5   0   0.60%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B   3.76%   4.27%   1,061   436   5   0   1.84%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B, B-, CCC+,   16.32%   20.19%   311   90   7   0   6.21%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC, CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   165   128   –   –   –
Corporate SME   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.06%   0.08%   705   13,346   3   2   0.20%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1, Baa2   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2, Baa3   BBB+, BBB   0.19%   0.19%   1,483   4,236   3   1   0.16%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.34%   0.35%   2,764   6,202   9   3   0.45%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BBB-, BB+   0.63%   0.62%   2,090   3,154   7   2   0.62%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.36%   1.39%   3,723   5,061   17   4   1.08%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B   5.11%   4.71%   3,769   2,985   32   2   3.49%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B, B-, CCC+,   20.95%   20.17%   510   766   19   3   10.32%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC, CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   178   692
Specialist   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.08%   0.08%   28   39   0   0   0.00%
Lending   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1, Baa2   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2, Baa3   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.19%   31   11   0   0   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.29%   0.33%   153   57   0   0   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BBB-, BB+   0.59%   0.63%   140   38   0   0   0.45%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   0.90%   0.90%   211   138   0   0   0.09%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B   3.88%   6.41%   117   138   0   0   2.02%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B, B-, CCC+,   0.00%   0.00%   6   30   0   0   11.82%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC, CCC-,
CC+, CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   45   25   –


382 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Table 93: Analysis of expected performance versus actual results continued


Asset Class
Arithmetic   Number of obligors   Defaulted   of which:   Average
Weighted   Average   obligors   new   historical
Average   PD by   As at   As at   in the   defaulted   annual
EBA PD Range   External Ratings Equivalent   PD   obligors   Nov’17   Nov’18   year   in the year   default
Retail   (%)   Moody’s   S&P   %   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   %
SME   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.12%   0.06%   515,312   478,321   315   306   0.07%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   103,582   111,982   211   184   0.19%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.37%   0.36%   126,861   130,072   418   349   0.36%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.62%   0.62%   74,978   76,125   480   337   0.65%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.46%   1.38%   157,513   159,157   1,906   985   1.40%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   5.11%   4.58%   84,305   74,184   3,588   769   6.23%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   26.37%   25.97%   25,796   21,434   6,189   23   28.62%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   33,450   19,928   –   –   –
Secured by   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.07%   0.08%   747,100   657,676   727   –   0.08%
Real Estate   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.19%   0.19%   105,683   156,014   356   –   0.21%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.34%   0.34%   53,679   72,389   332   –   0.42%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.60%   0.61%   10,763   14,102   126   –   0.86%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.41%   1.39%   25,084   24,772   401   –   1.61%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   5.13%   5.00%   13,049   14,074   724   –   5.88%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   30.84%   30.67%   8,544   8,019   2,715   –   43.40%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   15,843   15,348   –   –   –
Qualifying   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.07%   0.05%   10,874,865   11,241,723   3,705   1,083   0.03%
Revolving Retail   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   1,814,018   1,888,241   2,918   768   0.16%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.36%   0.36%   2,143,393   2,190,080   6,255   1,164   0.29%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.61%   0.61%   1,113,123   1,125,606   5,510   630   0.51%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.45%   1.39%   2,633,447   2,628,549   29,655   1,393   1.14%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   5.08%   4.93%   1,555,954   1,578,424   70,386   1,130   4.51%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   24.11%   26.81%   507,976   501,280   135,770   102   28.18%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   412,355   379,893   –   –   –
Other Retail   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.13%   0.13%   65   98   –   –   0.72%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.22%   0.22%   2,429   3,289   6   –   0.74%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.40%   0.40%   51,697   60,623   105   –   0.50%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.63%   0.63%   92,866   101,324   322   –   0.48%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.39%   1.39%   347,877   352,788   4,408   –   1.17%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   4.26%   4.36%   118,375   102,064   6,160   –   4.41%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   44.57%   39.64%   26,469   25,236   11,802   –   38.35%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,
CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   41,964   48,818   –   –   –


Asset Class
Wholesale   Number
of resolved cases over last one year (Dec’17 to Nov’18) £m   Predicted LGD (Simple Average) %   Actual LGD (Simple Average) %
Investment Bank   49   34%   23%
Corporate Bank   39   67%   57%
Retail
SME   6,636   80%   84%
Secured by Real Estate   1,943   4%   7%
Qualifying Revolving Retail   317,499   73%   68%
Other Retail   18,836   78%   79%


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 383


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk and the internal ratings-based approach


2018 AIRB models back testing summary


Section below provides AIRB model performance summary based on the above back testing results, along with the remediation plans.


Wholesale


8.   The Wholesale book continues to maintain low default rates across IRB exposure classes, with no
defaults observed for ‘Central Governments or Central Banks’. The estimated PDs are higher (conservative) compared to actual default rates for most PD ranges within each exposure class.


9.   There are the two key LGD models used for the Wholesale IRB exposures. Both the LGD models
overestimate (conservative) on a PIT basis.


10.   New PD and LGD models have been developed to comply with CRD IV requirements for the material
portfolios and have been submitted to the PRA. Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to address existing models’ deficiencies.


For Wholesale - Investment Bank portfolio, the LGD analysis has been performed on latest one year of data available for the closed cases in period
Nov’16-Nov’17,
 due to data unavailability in the more recent months.

The change in the
Corporate SME population reflects the net impact of the movement of customers between BI and BUK, a change in model methodology that increases the number of graded customers and reporting of BUK customers that also have product exposures in BI.


For Specialist Lending, the reduction in number of obligors is largely attributable to the movement of obligors between BI and BUK.


Retail SME


◾   For SME, a new set of CRD IV compliant models approved by the PRA were implemented in Sep’17. The models were later split based on legal entities (BUK and BI) spanning SME and Corporate SME
respectively. The split into BUK and BI prior to Structural Reform Program (SRP) is based on a proxy of Sales Turnover < 6.5m and updated post SRP implementation in Apr’18, leading to an increase in obligors for Corporate SME. Oct’18
data has been used instead of Nov’18, due to data unavailability. Historical average has been calculated using 4 years of data i.e. Oct’14, Oct’15, Oct’16 and Oct’17.


◾   The estimated PDs rank order the historical default experience for both the SME and Corporate SME book (except the first PD range), i.e. higher PDs implying higher actual default rates. LGD model
underestimates for SME on a PIT basis primarily due to few operational issues affecting underlying data.


Secured by Real Estate


◾   This covers the Mortgage portfolios for UK and Italy. Rank ordering is maintained across PD ranges.


◾   For UK Mortgages, current back testing report is based on the latest CRD IV complaint models. The PD model underestimates shows non-conservatism at an
overall level (0.43% expected vs. 0.49% actual). This is due to the data issue identified in Aug’18, which caused arrear inflation. The portfolio maintains low LGD and the LGD model underestimates (0.96% estimated vs.1.68% actual). LGD
underestimation is caused by increasing Forced Sale Discount for the current year and lower expected Probability of Possession given Default (PPD), which is a major component in the expected LGD calculation for the new to default book on which
numbers have been reported.


◾   5 year averages of actual defaults are taken from 5 snapshot months of which Nov’13, Nov’14 are based on older generation of models and Nov’15, Nov’16 & Nov’17 are
based on CRD IV complaint models (G4).


◾   For accounts where actual sale cost was not available, an average sale cost is used while calculating Actual LGD.


◾   G4 PPD model was developed on the total default population base whereas this analysis is done at the point of collaterals entering into default. The total default base contains a mixed set of
collaterals, ranging from recent defaults to the ones in default for a longer time. We expect the predicted PPD (and hence LGD as well) for collaterals defaulting at any month to be lower compared to the total default base.


◾   For Italy Mortgages, both the PIT PD and LGD models are underestimates primarily due to a decrease in the House Price Index (HPI). A new set of CRD IV compliant models is due for regulatory
submission in Q4’19. Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to address existing models’ deficiencies. Oct’18 data has been used instead of Nov’18 due to data challenges.


Qualifying Revolving Retail


◾   This constitutes UK Cards, Germany Cards and UK Current Account portfolios. The estimated PDs rank order well across all 3 portfolios and at an overall level.


◾   For UK Cards, a slight underestimation is observed in the PD model driven by the high risk bands; 2.27% estimated vs. 2.35% actual at an overall level. However an additional layer of conservatism
is applied through Regulatory PD buffers in the capital calculation, so overall PD is still conservative. The LGD model is conservative with an overestimation (71.1% estimated vs.65.4% actual). The existing CRD IV model suite has been re-calibrated to further improve its accuracy and submitted for PRA approval in Q217.


9.   For Germany Cards, the PD model overestimates (1.23% estimated vs. 1.14% actual) at an overall
level. The overestimation in the LGD model (84% estimated vs. 69% actual) is primarily driven by debt sale at a better price. A new set of CRD IV compliant models is currently under development and is due for regulatory submission by Dec’19.
Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to address existing models’ deficiencies.


◾   For Current Account, a new set of CRD IV compliant models has been approved by the PRA and implemented in Jul’18. However, the current back testing report is based on the models which were in
production as of Nov’17. PD model overestimates primarily due to a decrease in actual default rates over the last year (0.67% estimated vs. 0.45% actual). The LGD model marginally overestimates (81.54% estimated vs. 79.21% actual).

Other Retail


◾   This covers UK Barclayloans portfolio. A new CRD IV compliant capital suite was approved by PRA in Sep’18. The new models will go live when additional work to align the forbearance definitions
with the EBAs new definitions is complete. This backtesting report is based on the models currently in production.


◾   The PD rank ordering does not hold true for a few bands, and the model underestimates (3.33% estimated vs. 3.56% actual) at an overall level. The LGD model also marginally underestimates (77.80%
expected vs. 78.85% actual) at an overall level.


384 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk mitigation techniques and counterparty credit risk


Counterparty credit risk arises from derivatives and similar contracts. This section details the specific aspects of the risk
framework related to this type of credit risk. As credit risk mitigation is one of the principal uses of derivative contracts by banks, this is also discussed in this section.


◾   On page 386 a high level description of the types of exposures incurred in the course of Barclays’ activity supplements the analytical tables in pages 96 to 114 in the Barclays PLC Pillar 3
Report 2018.


◾   Mitigation techniques specific to counterparty credit risk are also discussed.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 385


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk mitigation techniques and counterparty credit risk


Credit risk mitigation


Barclays Group employs a range of techniques and strategies to actively mitigate credit risks. These can broadly be divided into three types:


◾   netting and set-off


◾   collateral


◾   risk transfer.

Barclays Group has detailed policies in place to
maintain that credit risk mitigation is appropriately recognised and recorded. The recognition of credit risk mitigation is subject to a number of considerations including legal certainty of enforceability and effectiveness, that the valuation and
liquidity of the collateral is adequately monitored, and that the value of the collateral is not materially correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty.


All three types of credit risk mitigation may be used by different areas of Barclays Group for exposures with a full range of counterparties. For
instance, businesses may take property, cash or other physical assets as collateral for exposures to retailers, property companies or other client types.

Netting and
set-off


In most jurisdictions and within legal entities in
which Barclays Group operates, credit risk exposures can be reduced by applying netting and
set-off.
 In exposure terms, this credit risk mitigation technique has the largest overall impact on net exposure to
derivative transactions, compared with other risk mitigation techniques.

For derivative transactions, Barclays Group’s normal
practice is, on a legal entity basis, to enter into standard master agreements with counterparties (e.g. ISDAs). These master agreements typically allow for netting of credit risk exposure to a counterparty resulting from derivative transactions
against the obligations to the counterparty in the event of default, and so produce a lower net credit exposure. These agreements may also reduce settlement exposure (e.g. for foreign exchange transactions) by allowing payments on the same day in
the same currency to be
set-off
 against one another.

Under IFRS, netting is permitted only if
both of the following criteria are satisfied:


◾   the entity currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts


◾   the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


Under US GAAP, netting is also permitted, regardless of a currently legally enforceable right of

set-off
 and/or the intention to settle on a net basis, where there is a counterparty master agreement that would be enforceable in the event of bankruptcy.


Collateral


Barclays Group has the ability to call on collateral in the event of default of the counterparty, comprising:


◾   home loans: a fixed charge over residential property in the form of houses, flats and other dwellings. The value of collateral is impacted by property market conditions which drive demand
and therefore value of the property. Other regulatory interventions on ability to repossess, longer period to repossession and granting of forbearance may also affect the collateral value.


◾   wholesale lending: a fixed charge over commercial property and other physical assets, in various forms.


◾   other retail lending: includes charges over motor vehicle and other physical assets; second lien charges over residential property, which are subordinate to first charges held either by
Barclays Group or another party; and finance lease receivables, for which typically Barclays Group retains legal title to the leased asset and has the right to repossess the asset on the default of the borrower.


◾   derivatives: Barclays Group also often seeks to enter into a margin agreement (e.g. Credit Support Annex) with counterparties with which Barclays Group has master netting agreements in
place. These annexes to master agreements provide a mechanism for further reducing credit risk, whereby collateral (margin) is posted on a regular basis (typically daily) to collateralise the mark to market exposure of a derivative portfolio
measured on a net basis. Barclays Group may additionally negotiate the receipt of an independent amount further mitigating risk by collateralising potential mark to market exposure moves.


◾   reverse repurchase agreements: collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities which have been legally transferred to Barclays Group subject to an agreement to return them for a
fixed price.


◾   financial guarantees and similar off-balance sheet commitments: cash collateral may be held against these arrangements.


Risk transfer

A range of
instruments including guarantees, credit insurance, credit derivatives and securitisation can be used to transfer credit risk from one counterparty to another. These mitigate credit risk in two main ways:


◾   if the risk is transferred to a counterparty which is more creditworthy than the original counterparty, then overall credit risk is reduced


◾   where recourse to the first counterparty remains, both counterparties must default before a loss materialises. This is less likely than the default of either counterparty individually so credit
risk is reduced.


Detailed policies are in place to appropriately recognise and record credit risk mitigation. For more
information, refer to page 000 the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2018 (unaudited).

Risk transfer can also be used to reduce risk
concentrations within portfolios lowering the impact of stress events.

Risk transfer transactions are undertaken with consideration to
whether the collateral provider is correlated with the exposure, the credit worthiness of the collateral provider and legal certainty of enforceability and effectiveness. Where credit risk mitigation is deemed to transfer credit risk, this exposure
is appropriately recorded against the credit risk mitigation provider.

In exposure terms, risk transfer is used most extensively as a
credit risk mitigation technique for wholesale loans and derivative financial instruments.


Off-balance
 sheet risk mitigation


Barclays Group applies fundamentally the same risk management policies for
off-balance
 sheet risks as it
does for its
on-balance
 sheet risks. In the case of commitments to lend, counterparties/ customers will be subject to the same credit management policies as for loans and advances. Collateral may be sought
depending on the strength of the counterparty and the nature of the transaction.

Recognition of credit risk mitigation in capital
calculations

Credit risk mitigation is used to reduce credit risk associated with an exposure, which may reduce potential losses in
the event of obligor default or other specified credit events.

Credit risk mitigation that meets certain regulatory criteria may be used
to improve risk parameters and reduce RWA consumption against a given obligor. Collateral that meets these regulatory conditions is referred to as eligible collateral. Eligibility criteria are specified in articles 195 to 204 of the Capital
Regulations Requirement (CRR).

Barclays Group’s policies and standards set out criteria for the recognition of collateral as
eligible credit risk mitigation and are designed to be fully consistent with all applicable local regulations and regulatory permissions.


Where regulatory capital is calculated under AIRB regulations, the benefit of collateral is generally taken by adjusting LGDs. For standardised
portfolios, the benefit of collateral is taken using the financial collateral comprehensive method: supervisory volatility adjustments approach.

For instruments that are deemed to transfer credit risk, in AIRB portfolios the protection is generally recognised by using the PD and LGD of the protection provider.


For exposures treated under the standardised approach, the impact of eligible credit risk mitigation is primarily recognised by reducing the EAD
associated with the exposure that benefits from the mitigation.


386 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of credit risk mitigation techniques and counterparty credit risk


Managing concentrations within credit risk mitigation


Credit risk mitigation taken by Barclays Group to reduce credit risk may result in credit or market risk concentrations.


Guarantees that are treated as eligible credit risk mitigation are marked as an exposure against the guarantor and aggregated with other credit
exposure to the guarantor. Limit monitoring at the counterparty level is then used for monitoring of concentrations in line with Barclays Group policy.

Commercial real estate lending is another potential source of concentration risk arising from the use of credit risk mitigation. The portfolio is regularly reviewed to assess whether a concentration in a particular region, industry
or property type exists, and portfolio limits are in place to control the level of exposure to commercial, residential, investment and development activity. See pages xx for more information on collateral, valuation and monitoring of concentrations.


Counterparty credit risk

Derivative counterparty credit exposures

Barclays Group enters into financial instruments that are traded or
cleared on an exchange, including interest rate swaps, futures and options on futures. Holders of exchange traded instruments provide daily margins with cash or other securities at the exchange, to which the holders look for ultimate settlement.


Barclays Group also enters into financial instruments that are traded over the counter, rather than on a recognised exchange. These
instruments range from standardised transactions in derivative markets, to trades where the specific terms are tailored to the requirements of Barclays Group’s counterparties. In most cases, industry standard documentation is used, most
commonly in the form of a master agreement, with individual transaction confirmations. The existence of a signed master agreement is intended to give Barclays Group protection in situations where Barclays Group’s counterparty is in default.


Counterparty credit exposure arises from the risk that parties are unable to meet their payment obligations under certain financial
contracts such as derivatives, securities financing transactions (e.g. repurchase agreements), or long settlement transactions.

A Monte
Carlo simulation engine is used to estimate the Potential Future Exposure (PFE) to derivative and securities financing counterparties. The exposure simulation model simulates future market states and the MTM of the derivative transactions under
those states. Simulated exposures including the effect of credit mitigants such as netting, collateral and mandatory break clauses can then be generated.


Credit limits for CCR are assessed and allocated using the PFE measure. A number of factors are taken
into account when setting credit limits for individual counterparties, including but not limited to the credit quality and nature of the counterparty, the rationale for the trading activity entered into and any

wrong-way
 risk considerations.

The expected exposures generated by this engine are also used as
an input into both internal and regulatory capital calculations covering CCR.

‘Wrong-way

risk’ in a trading exposure arises when there is significant correlation between the underlying asset and the counterparty, which in the event of default would lead to a significant MTM loss to the counterparty. Specific
wrong-way
 risk trades, which are self-referencing or reference to other entities within the same counterparty group, require approval by a senior credit officer. The exposure to the counterparty will reflect the
additional risk generated by these transactions.

Derivative CCR (credit value adjustments)


As Barclays Group participates in derivative transactions it is exposed to CCR, which is the risk that a counterparty will fail to make the future
payments agreed in the derivative contract. This is considered as a separate risk to the volatility of the MTM payment flows. Modelling this counterparty risk is an important part of managing credit risk on derivative transactions.


The counterparty risk arising under derivative transactions is taken into account when reporting the fair value of derivative positions. The
adjustment to the value is known as credit value adjustment (CVA). It is the difference between the value of a derivative contract with a risk-free counterparty and that of a contract with the actual counterparty. This is equivalent to the cost of
hedging the counterparty risk in the Credit Default Swap (CDS) market.

CVAs for derivative positions are calculated as a function of the
expected exposure, which is the average of future hypothetical exposure values for a single transaction or group of transactions with the same counterparty, the credit spread for a given horizon and the LGD.


The expected exposure is calculated using Monte Carlo simulations of risk factors that may affect the valuation of the derivative transactions in
order to simulate the exposure to the counterparty through time. These simulated exposures include the effect of credit mitigants such as netting, collateral and mandatory break clauses. Counterparties with appropriate credit mitigants will generate
a lower expected exposure profile compared to counterparties without credit mitigants in place for the same derivative transactions.


Derivative netting and collateral arrangements


Credit risk from derivatives is mitigated where possible through netting agreements whereby derivative assets and liabilities with the same
counterparty can be offset. Barclays Group policy requires all netting arrangements to be legally documented. The ISDA Master Agreement is Barclays Group’s preferred agreement for documenting OTC derivatives. It provides the contractual
framework within which dealing activities across a full range of OTC products are conducted, and contractually binds both parties to apply
close-out
 netting across all outstanding transactions covered by an
agreement if either party defaults or other predetermined events occur. The majority of Barclays Group’s OTC derivative exposures are covered by ISDA master netting and ISDA CSA collateral agreements.


Collateral is obtained against derivative assets, depending on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or nature of the transaction. Any
collateral taken in respect of OTC trading exposures will be subject to a ‘haircut’, which is negotiated at the time of signing the collateral agreement. A haircut is the valuation percentage applicable to each type of collateral and will
be largely based on liquidity and price volatility of the underlying security. The collateral obtained for derivatives is predominantly either cash, direct debt obligation government (G14+) bonds denominated in the domestic currency of the issuing
country, debt issued by supranationals or letters of credit issued by an institution with a long-term unsecured debt rating of A+/A3 or better. Where Barclays Group has ISDA master agreements, the collateral document will be the ISDA CSA. The
collateral document must give Barclays the power to realise any collateral placed with it in the event of the failure of the counterparty.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 387


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


This section describes the governance structure specific to the management of
market risks, as well as a discussion of measurement techniques.


◾   Market risks are varied, and a range of techniques must be used to manage them. From page 388 we provide an overview of the market risks we incur across Barclays Group


◾   The governance structure specific to market risks is discussed on pages 319 to 395.


The rest of the section consists of traded and other risks:


◾   Market risk, the risk of Barclays Group being impacted by changes in the level or volatility of positions in the trading book, is covered on pages 389 to 395. Measurement techniques such as VaR,
are discussed, as well as techniques applied when statistical techniques are not appropriate.


388 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


Market risk The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation
in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


Overview


Market risk arises primarily as a result of client facilitation in wholesale markets, involving market making activities, risk management solutions
and execution of syndications. Upon execution of a trade with a client, Barclays Group will look to hedge against the risk of the trade moving in an adverse direction. Mismatches between client transactions and hedges result in market risk due to
changes in asset prices, volatility or correlations.

Organisation and structure


Market risk in the businesses resides primarily in Barclays International and Barclays Group Treasury. These businesses have the mandate to assume
market risk. Market risk oversight and challenge is provided by business Committees and Group Committees, including the Market Risk Committee.

Risk management in the setting of strategy

Appetite for market risk is recommended by the risk function to BRC
for agreement by the Board. Mandate and scales are set to control levels of market risk and maintain Barclays Group remains within the BRC approved risk appetite. Barclays Group runs an annual Group-wide stress testing exercise which aims to
simulate the dynamics of exposures across Barclays Group and cover all risk factors. The exercise is also designed to measure the impact to Barclays Group’s fundamental business plan, and is used to manage the wider Group’s strategy.


See pages 361 to 367 for more detail on the role of risk in the setting
of strategy.


Market risk culture


Market risk managers are independent from the businesses they cover, and their line management reports into the CRO. This embeds a risk culture with
strong adherence to limits that support Group-wide risk appetite.


See page 361 to 367 for more detail on risk culture.

Management of market risk, mitigation and hedging policies


The governance structure helps maintain all market risks that Barclays Group is exposed to are well managed and understood. Traded market risk is
generated primarily as a result of market making activities, syndications and providing risk management solutions to clients. Group Treasury supports the businesses in managing their interest rate risk. Positions will contribute both to market risk
limits and regulatory capital if relevant. As part of the continuous monitoring of the risk profile, Market Risk meets with the businesses to discuss the risk profile on a regular basis. The outcome of these reviews includes further detailed
assessments of event risk via stress testing, risk mitigation and risk reduction.


Market risk measurement – management view Market risk management measures A range of complementary approaches to measure market risk are used which aim to capture the level of losses that Barclays Group is exposed to due
to unfavourable changes in asset prices. The primary tools to control Barclays Group’s exposures are:


Measure   Description
Management Value at Risk (VaR)   An estimate of
the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, if the current positions were to be held unchanged for one business day.
Primary stress tests   An estimate of
potential losses that might arise from severe market moves or scenarios impacting key liquid market risk exposures.
Secondary stress tests   Modelled losses
from unfavourable market movements to illiquid market risk exposures.
Business scenario stresses   Multi asset
scenario analysis of severe, but plausible events that may impact the market risk exposures of the investment bank.

The use of Management VaR for traded market risk is broader than the application for use of VaR for regulatory
capital, and captures standardised, advanced and certain banking books where market risks are deemed to exist. The wider scope of Management VaR is what Barclays Group deems as material market risk exposures which may have a detrimental impact on
the performance of the trading business. The scope used in Regulatory VaR (see page 00) is narrower as it applies only to trading book positions as approved by the PRA.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 389


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


Stress testing and scenario analysis are also an important part of the risk management framework, to
capture potential risk that may arise in severe but plausible events.

Management VaR


◾   estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, over one day for a given confidence level:


◾   differs from the Regulatory VaR used for capital purposes in scope, confidence level and horizon


◾   back testing is performed to evaluate that the model is fit for purpose.

VaR is an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements if the current positions were to be held unchanged for one business day. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation
methodology with a
two-year
 equally weighted historical period, at the 95% confidence level is used for all trading books and some banking books. Risk factors driving VaR are grouped into key risk types as
summarised below:


Risk factor   Description
Interest rate   Changes in the
level or shape of interest rate expectations that can impact prices of interest rate sensitive assets, such as bonds and derivatives instruments, such as interest rate swaps.
Spread   Difference between bond yields and swaps rates that arises when a business has positions in both bonds and interest rate/inflation derivatives
instruments. Both assets may trade at different levels but are fundamentally exposed to similar risk.
Foreign exchange   The impact of
changes in foreign exchange rates and volatilities.
Equity   Risk due to
changes in equity prices, volatilities and dividend yields, for example as part of market making activities, syndication or underwriting of initial public offerings.
Commodity   Arises primarily
from providing hedging solutions to clients and access to financial investors via financially-settled energy derivatives exposed to changes in the level of energy spot or forward prices and their volatilities.


Risk factor   Description
Inflation   Arises from the
impact of changes in inflation rates and volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives. This arises as part of market marking activities, whereby Barclays Group may be exposed to changes in inflation rates, for example, market making syndications
for inflation linked securities.
Traded credit   Arises from the
uncertainty of credit quality impacting prices of assets, for example positions such as corporate bonds, securitised products and credit based derivative instruments, including credit default swaps.
Basis   The impact of
changes in interest rate tenor basis (e.g. the basis between swaps vs 3M LIBOR and swaps vs 6M LIBOR) and cross-currency basis and is primarily generated as a result of market making activities.

In some instances, historical data is not available for particular market risk factors for the entire look-back
period, for example, complete historical data would not be available for our equity security following an initial public offering. In these cases, market risk managers will proxy the unavailable market risk factor data with available data for a
related market risk factor.

The output of the Management VaR model can be readily tested through back testing. This checks instances
where actual losses exceed the predicted potential loss estimated by the VaR model. If the number of instances is higher than expected, where actual losses exceed the predicted potential loss estimated by the VaR model, this may indicate limitations
with the VaR calculation, for example, a risk factor that would not be adequately captured by the model.

The Management VaR model in
some instances may not appropriately measure some market risk exposures, especially for market moves that are not directly observable via prices. Market risk managers are required to identify risks which are not adequately captured in VaR
(‘risks not in VaR’ or ‘RNIVs’, discussed below).

When reviewing VaR estimates, the following considerations are
taken into account:


◾   the historical simulation uses the most recent two years of past data to generate possible future market moves, but the past may not be a good indicator of the future


◾   the one-day time horizon may not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be closed out or hedged within one day


◾   VaR is based on positions as at close of business and consequently, it is not an appropriate measure for intra-day risk arising from a position bought and
sold on the same day


◾   VaR does not indicate the potential loss beyond the VaR confidence level.

Limits are applied at the total level as well as by risk factor type, which are then cascaded down to particular trading desks and businesses by the market risk management function.


See page 389 for a review of Management VaR in 2018.

Primary stress tests


Primary stress tests are key tools used by management to measure liquid market risks from extreme market movements or scenarios in each major
trading asset class.

Stress testing provides an estimate of potential significant future losses that might arise from extreme market
moves or scenarios. Primary stress tests apply stress moves to key liquid risk factors for each of the major trading asset classes, namely:


◾   interest rates: shock to the level and structure of interest rates and inflation across currencies


◾   credit: impact on traded corporate credit exposures and securities structures, including across rating grades, geography, sectors and products


◾   foreign exchange: impact of unfavourable moves in currency prices and volatility


◾   equity: shocks to share prices including exposures to specific markets and sectors


◾   commodities: adverse commodity price changes across both physical and derivative markets.

Primary stresses apply moves to liquid assets incorporating up to 10 days holding period. Shock scenarios are determined by a combination of observed extreme historical moves and forward looking elements as appropriate.


Primary stresses are calculated for each asset class on a standalone basis. Risk managers calculate several stress scenarios and communicate the
results to senior managers to highlight concentrations and the level of exposures. Primary stress loss limits are applied across the trading businesses and is a key market risk control.


Secondary stress tests


Secondary stress tests are key tools used by management to measure illiquid market risks from extreme market movements or scenarios in each major
trading asset class.

Secondary stress tests are used in measuring potential losses arising from market risks that are not captured in
the primary stress tests.

These may relate to financial instruments or risk exposures which are not readily or easily tradable or
markets that are naturally sensitive to a rapid deterioration in market conditions.

For each asset class, secondary stresses are


390 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


aggregated to a single stress loss which allows the business to manage its liquid and illiquid risk
factors. Limits against secondary stress losses are also applied, which allows Barclays Group to manage and control the level of illiquid risk factors.

Stresses are specific to the exposure held and are calibrated on both observed extreme moves and some forward-looking elements as appropriate.


Business scenario stresses


Business scenario stresses are key tools used by management to measure aggregated losses across the entire trading book as a result of extreme
forward-looking scenarios encompassing simultaneous shocks to multiple asset classes.

Business scenario stresses apply simultaneous
shocks to all risk factors assessed by applying changes to foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit spreads, commodities and equities to the entire portfolio, for example, the impact of a rapid and extreme slowdown in the global economy. The
measure shows results on a multi-asset basis across all trading exposures. Business scenarios are used for risk appetite monitoring purposes and are useful in identifying concentrations of exposures and highlighting areas that may provide some
diversification.

The estimated impacts on market risk exposures are calculated and reported by the market risk management function on a
frequent and regular basis. The stress scenario and the calibration on the shocks are also reviewed by market risk managers periodically for its relevance considering any market environment.


Scenarios focusing on adverse global recession, deterioration in the availability of liquidity, contagion effects of a slowdown in one of the major
economies, easing of global growth concerns, and a historical event scenario are examples of business scenarios.

If necessary, market
event-specific scenarios are also calculated, such as:


◾   a unilateral decision to exit the Eurozone by a member country


◾   the impact of a large financial institution collapse, or


◾   a disorderly exit of quantitative easing programmes, including unexpected rapid and continuous interest rate rises as a result.


See page 133 for a review of business scenario stresses
in 2018.


Market risk measurement – regulatory view


Regulatory view of traded positions

For regulatory purposes, the trading book is defined as one that consists of all positions in CRD financial instruments and commodities held either with trading intent, or in order to hedge other elements of trading, and which are
either free of any restrictive covenants on their tradability, or able to be hedged. A CRD financial instrument is defined as a contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one party and a financial liability or equity instrument of another
party.

All of the below regulatory measures, including the standardised approach, generate market risk capital requirements, in line
with the regulatory requirements set out in the Capital Requirements Directive (‘CRD IV’) and Regulation. Positions which cannot be included in the trading book are included within the banking book and generate risk capital requirements in
line with this treatment.

Inclusion of exposures in the regulatory trading book


Barclays Group maintains a Trading Book Policy, which defines the minimum requirements a business must meet to run trading positions and the process
by which positions are allocated to trading or banking books. Trading intent is a key element in deciding whether a position should be treated as a trading or banking book exposure.


Positions in the trading book are subject to market risk capital, computed using models where regulatory approval has been granted, otherwise the
market risk capital requirement is calculated using standard rules as defined in the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR), part of the CRD IV package. If any of the criteria specified in the policy are not met for a position, then that position must
be allocated to the banking book.

Most of Barclays Group’s market risk regulatory models are assigned the highest model materiality
rating. Consequently, the Regulatory VaR model is subject to annual
re-approval
 by the Independent Validation Unit. The Independent Validation Unit makes an assessment of model assumptions and considers
evidence of model suitability provided by the model owner. The following table summarises the models used for market risk regulatory purposes and the applicable regulatory thresholds.


Valuation standards

CRR
article 105 defines regulatory principles which need to be applied to fair value assets and liabilities, in order to determine a prudent valuation.

The Prudent Valuation Adjustment (PVA) is applied to accounting fair values where there are a range of plausible alternative valuations. It is calculated in accordance with Article 105 of the CRR, and includes (where relevant)
adjustments for the following factors: unearned credit spreads,
close-out
 costs, operational risk, market price uncertainty, early termination, investing and funding costs,


future administrative costs and model risk. The PVA includes adjustment for all fair valued financial
instruments and commodities, irrespective of whether they are in the trading or banking book.

Page 00 of the annual report sets out the
valuation control framework for accounting valuations and the related responsibilities of the Finance-product control valuations function and the Valuation Committee. This function and committee are also responsible for the oversight of the PVA and
maintaining compliance with article 105 of the CRR.

Regulatory measures for Market risk


There are a number of regulatory measures which Barclays Group has permission to use in calculating regulatory capital (internal models approval):


Measure   Definition
Regulatory Value at Risk (VaR)   An estimate of
the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements calibrated to 99% confidence interval 10-day holding period.
Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR)   An estimate of
the potential loss arising from a twelve-month period of significant financial stress calibrated to 99% confidence interval 10-day holding period.
Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)   An estimate of
the incremental risk arising from rating migrations and defaults, beyond what is already captured in specific market risk VaR for the non-correlation trading portfolio. Uses a 99.9% confidence level and a one-year horizon.
Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM)   An estimate of
all the material market risk, including rating migration and default for the correlation trading portfolio.

The legal entities for which the PRA has given permission to use internal models for market risk regulatory capital
are: BBPlc Trading and BCSL (consolidated), BBPlc Trading and BCSL. The legal entity for which the FRBNY has given permission to use internal models is IHC.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 391


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


Regulatory VaR


◾   Estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements.


◾   Regulatory VaR differs from the management approach in the following respects.


VaR Variable   Regulatory   Management
Confidence interval   99%   95%
Scope   As approved by the   Management view of market risk exposures.
regulator (PRA or   Includes trading books and banking books
FRBNY)   exposed to price risk
Look-back period   2 years   2 years
Liquidity Horizon   10 days   1 day
(holding period)


Regulatory VaR allows oversight of the total potential losses, at a given confidence level, of those
trading books which received approval from the regulator to be covered via an internal model. Barclays Group uses a Regulatory VaR model that diversifies general and specific market risk for regulatory capital. Market risks are captured in the
Regulatory VaR model using either full revaluation or an approximate revaluation approach depending on the type of product. When simulating potential movements in risk factors, returns are modelled using a combination of absolute changes,
proportional changes or a blended mix of these two approaches.

Management VaR allows Barclays Group to supervise the total market risk
across Barclays Group, including all trading books and some banking books. Management VaR is also utilised for the internal capital model (economic capital).

Regulatory VaR is fundamentally the same as the Management VaR (see page 00), with the key differences listed above. The model is complemented with RNIVs, as described on page 00. See page 00 for significant RNIVs over the year.


Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR)


◾   Estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements in a stressed environment.


◾   Identical to Regulatory VaR, but calibrated over a one-year stressed period.


◾   Regulatory capital is allocated to individual businesses. For regulatory capital calculation purposes Barclays Group computes a market risk capital requirement based on a one-day scaled to ten-day, 99% VaR metric calibrated to a period of significant financial stress. This SVaR capital requirement is added to the market risk capital requirement
arising from regulatory VaR, the Incremental Risk Charge and the All Price Risk on an undiversified basis.

The SVaR model
must be identical to the VaR model used by Barclays Group, with the exception that the SVaR model must be calibrated to a
one-year
 period of significant financial stress (‘the SVaR period’). Barclays
Group selects the SVaR period to be a
one-year
 period that maximises the sum of general market risk Regulatory VaR and


specific market risk Regulatory VaR for positions in scope of regulatory approval. The SVaR period is
reviewed on a monthly basis or when required by material changes in market conditions or the trading portfolio.

SVaR cannot be
meaningfully backtested as it is not sensitive to current market conditions. Many market risk factors with complete historical data over a
two-year
 period may not have complete data covering the SVaR period
and consequently, more proxies may be required for SVaR than for VaR. The SVaR metric itself has the same strengths and weaknesses as Barclays Group’s VaR model.


Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)


◾   Captures risk arising from rating migrations and defaults for traded debt instruments incremental to that already captured by Regulatory VaR and SVaR.


IRC captures the risk arising from ratings migrations or defaults in the traded credit portfolio. IRC measures this risk at a 99.9% confidence level
with a
one-year
 holding period and applies to all positions in scope for specific risk including sovereign exposure.

Barclays Group’s IRC model simulates default and ratings transition events for individual names. The behaviour of names is correlated with one another to simulate a systemic factor to model the possibility of multiple
downgrades or defaults. The correlations between
non-sovereign
 names are based on the Basel-defined correlations stipulated in the IRB approach to measuring credit risk capital, with a fixed correlation
between sovereign names.

Barclays Group’s IRC model simulates the impact of a ratings transition by estimating the improvement or
deterioration in credit spreads resulting from the transition and assumes that the historically observed average change in credit spreads (measured in relative terms) resulting from ratings transitions provides an accurate estimate of likely
widening or tightening of credit spreads in future transitions. For each position, the model computes the impact of spread moves up or down at
pre-specified
 relative movements, and the actual impact is
obtained by interpolating or extrapolating the actual spread move from these
pre-computed
 values.


Barclays Group’s IRC model assumes that ratings transitions, defaults and any spread increases
occur on an instantaneous basis.

Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM)


◾   Captures all market risks affecting the correlation trading portfolio.


CRM covers the correlation trading portfolio and is intended to adequately capture all risk factors relevant to corporate
Nth-to-default
 (on a basket of referenced names) and tranched credit derivatives. The capital requirement is based on a 99.9% confidence interval over a
one-year
 holding period. The model generates a scenario based on a Monte Carlo simulation and revalues the portfolio under the simulated market scenario.


The model captures the following risk factors in the correlation trading portfolio:


◾   default and ratings migration over a one-year time horizon


◾   credit spread volatility


◾   recovery risk: uncertainty of the recoverable value under default


◾   correlation risk


◾   basis risk: basis between credit indices and its underlying constituents


◾   hedge slippage: portfolio rebalancing assumption.

Barclays
Group’s CRM model is based on the IRC model but also captures market risks not related to transition or default events, such as movements in credit spreads or correlations. These risk factors are included as part of the Monte Carlo simulation
using distributions calibrated to historically observed moves. Barclays Group’s CRM model assumes that ratings transitions, defaults and any spread increases occur on an instantaneous basis. Barclays Group applies stress tests to the modelling
parameters based on combinations of changes in credit spreads, correlations and default events.


See page 134 for a review of regulatory measures in 2018.


392 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


Table 95: Market risk models selected features
Component modelled   Number of significant models and size of associated portfolio (RWAs)   Model description and methodology   Applicable regulatory thresholds
Regulatory VaR   1 model;   Equally-weighted historical simulation   Regulatory VaR is computed with
£3.3bn   of potential daily P&L arising from market moves   ten-day holding period and 99% confidence
level
SVaR   1 model;   Same methodology as used for VaR   Regulatory SVaR is computed with
£8.9bn   model, but using a different time series   ten-day holding period and 99% confidence
level
IRC   1 model;   Monte Carlo simulation of P&L arising   IRC is computed with one-year holding
£1.9bn   from ratings migrations and defaults   period and 99.9% confidence level
CRM   1 model;   Same approach as IRC, but it   CRM is computed with one-year
£0.0bn   incorporates market-driven   holding period and 99.9% confidence
movements in spreads and correlations   level.
for application to correlation trading   As required in CRD IV, the CRM charge
portfolios.   is subject to a floor set with reference to
standard rules charge


See pages 134 for a review of regulatory measures in
2018.

Regulatory back testing


Back testing is the method by which Barclays Group checks and affirms that its procedures for estimating VaR are reasonable and serve its purpose of
estimating the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements. The back testing process is a regulatory requirement and seeks to estimate the performance of the regulatory VaR model. Performance is measured by the number of exceptions to
the model i.e. actual or hypothetical P&L loss in one trading day is greater than the estimated VaR for the same trading day. Barclays Group’s procedures could be underestimating VaR if exceptions occur more frequently than expected (a 99%
confidence interval indicates that one exception will occur in 100 days).

Back testing is performed at a legal entity level,
sub-portfolio
 levels and business-aligned portfolios (shown in the table below and in the charts on the next page) on Barclays Group’s regulatory VaR model. Regulatory


back testing compares Regulatory VaR at 99% confidence level
(one-day
 holding period equivalent) to actual and hypothetical changes in portfolio value as
defined in CRR Article 366. The consolidated Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Capital Securities Ltd is the highest level of consolidation for the VaR model that is used in the calculation of regulatory capital.


A back testing exception is generated when a loss is greater than the daily VaR for any given day.


As defined by the PRA, a green status is consistent with a good working VaR model and is achieved for models that have four or fewer back testing
exceptions in a
250-day
 period. Back testing counts the number of days when a loss exceeds the corresponding VaR estimate, measured at the 99% regulatory confidence level. For the Investment Bank’s
regulatory DVaR model at the consolidated legal entity level, green model status was maintained for 2018 apart from the period May to October 2018 when the model status was amber.


Back testing is also performed on management VaR to validate it remains reasonable and fit for
purpose.

The table below shows the VaR back testing exceptions on legal entities aligned to Barclays Group’s business as at
31 December 2018. Model performance at a legal entity level determines regulatory capital within those entities. Legal entity disclosure is also relevant from a management perspective as Barclays’ VaR and model performance of VaR for a
legal entity across asset class are key metrics in addition to asset class metrics across legal entity.

For the Investment Bank’s
regulatory DVaR model at the consolidated legal entity level, green model status was maintained for 2018 apart from the period May to October.

The IHC backtesting process compares IHC 99% Regulatory VAR against Hypothetical P&L. The definition of Hypothetical P&L and the scope of Regulatory VaR for the IHC are consistent with the Federal Reserve’s Market Risk
Rule.


Actual P&L   Hypo P&L
Legal Entity   Total Exceptions   Status**   Total Exceptions   Status**
BBPlc Trading and BCSL   1   G   3   G
BBPlc Trading   2   G   4   G
BCSL   3   G   4   G
IHC   n/a   n/a   3   G

**RAG status is accurate as of
year-end.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 393


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


The charts below show VaR for Barclays Group’s regulatory portfolios aligned by legal entity. The dark blue and grey points on the charts
indicate losses on the small number of days on which actual and hypo P&L respectively exceeded the VaR amount.

In addition to being
driven by market moves in excess of the 99% confidence level, back testing exceptions can be caused by risks that impact P&L not captured directly in the VaR itself but separately captured as non
VaR-type,

namely Risks Not in VaR (RNIVs).

Exceptions are reported to internal management and regulators on a regular basis and investigated to
evaluate the model performs as expected.

Overall back testing for the consolidated legal entity remains in the green zone, suggesting
that the VaR remains fit for purpose.


Management of risks not fully captured in models, including Risks not in VaR (RNIVs)


Barclays Group’s risk identification process captures risks that either have been observed to, or have the capacity to, produce
material losses in normal and stressed market conditions. To maintain risk coverage, the range of core risks is identified following either market convention, regulatory guidance, or the specific historical experience of Barclays Group and is
considered as part of the new product processes.

In some instances, the Management and Regulatory VaR model may not appropriately
measure some market risks, especially where market moves are not directly observable via prices. Barclays Group has policies to apply
add-ons
 where risks are not captured by the model. RNIVs refer to those
core risks that are not captured, or not adequately captured, in VaR and SVaR. RNIVs can include:


◾   risks not fully captured elsewhere and/or illiquid risk factors such as cross-risks;


◾   basis risks;


◾   higher-order risks;


◾   calibration parameters, for instance to model parameter uncertainty; and


◾   potential losses in excess of fair valuation adjustments taken in line with the Valuation Control Framework. Please see Note 00 in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2018 ‘Fair value of assets and
liabilities’ for more details on fair value adjustments.

The treatment of RNIVs follows whether the risks are
considered VaR type or
non-VaR
 type, which depends on, and can change with, the evolving state of financial markets:


◾   VaR-type RNIVs: Typically represent risks that are not well captured in VaR, mainly because of infrastructure limitations or methodology limitations.
In this instance two metrics are calculated, a VaR RNIV and a SVaR RNIV, using the same confidence level, capital horizon and observation period as VaR and SVaR respectively and are capitalised using the same multipliers as VaR and SVaR


◾   Non VaR-type RNIVs: Typically represent risks which would not be well captured by any VaR model either because it represents an event not historically
observed in the VaR time series (e.g., currency peg break) or a market risk factor which is not seen to move frequently (e.g. correlation). These are typically estimated using stress scenarios. The stress methodology is calibrated equivalently to at
least 99% confidence level and a capital horizon of at least 10 days over an appropriate observation period, depending on the liquidity of the risk. For the purpose of regulatory capital, the capital charge is equal to the loss arising from the
stress test except when these risks are already adequately captured elsewhere e.g. via the IRC or CRM models, which are intended to capture certain risks not adequately covered by VaR


For regulatory capital these RNIVs are aggregated without any offsetting or diversification benefit.


394 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of market risk


Market risk control


The metrics that are used to measure market risk are controlled through the implementation of appropriate limit frameworks. Limits are set at the
total Barclays Group level, asset class level, for example, interest rate risk, and at business level, for example, rates trading. Stress limits and many book limits, such as foreign exchange and interest rate sensitivity limits, are also used to
control risk appetite.

Barclays Group-wide limits are reported to the BRC and are termed
A-level

limits for total management VaR, primary stress and secondary stresses and business scenarios. These are then cascaded down by risk managers in order to meet the Barclays Group- wide risk appetite.


Each
A-level
 limit is set after consideration is given to revenue generation opportunities and overall risk
appetite approved by the Board. Compliance with limits is monitored by the independent risk functions in the trading businesses with oversight provided by Barclays Group Market Risk.


Throughout 2018, Barclays Group Market Risk continued its ongoing programme of control testing and conformance testing on the trading
businesses’ market risk management practices. These reviews are intended to verify the business’s conformance with the Market Risk Control Framework and best practices.


Market risk reporting


Trading businesses market risk managers produce a number of detailed and summary market risk reports daily, weekly, fortnightly and monthly for
business and risk managers. Where relevant on a Barclays Group-wide basis, these are sent to Barclays Group Market Risk for review and a risk summary is presented at Barclays Group Market Risk Committee and the trading businesses’ various
market risk committees. The overall market risk profile is also presented to BRC on a regular basis.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 395


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of securitisation exposures


Securitisations give rise to credit, market and other risks. This section discusses the types of business activities and
exposures that we incur in the course of activities related to securitisations.


◾   The objectives pursued in securitisation activities and the types of activities undertaken are discussed on page 291.


◾   A description of the risks incurred in the course of securitisation activities, and how we manage them, is contained on page 397


396 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of securitisation exposures


This section discloses information about Barclays Group’s securitisation activities
distinguishing between the various functions performed in supporting its customers and managing its risks. It includes traditional securitisations as well as synthetic transactions effected through the use of derivatives or guarantees.


For the purposes of Pillar 3 disclosures a securitisation is defined as a transaction or scheme where the payments are dependent upon the
performance of a single exposure or pool of exposures and where the subordination of tranches determines the distribution of losses during the ongoing life of the transaction or scheme. Such transactions are ordinarily undertaken to transfer risk
for Barclays Group or on behalf of a client.

Certain transactions undertaken by Barclays Group are not disclosed in the quantitative
section as they do not fall under the regulatory securitisation framework (defined under Part Three, Title II, Chapter 5 of the CRR, part of the CRD IV package). These include funding transactions for the purposes of generating term liquidity, and
certain government guaranteed transactions.

Objectives of securitisation activities


In the course of its business, Barclays Group has undertaken securitisations of its own originated assets as well as the securitisation of third
party assets via special purpose vehicles, sponsored conduit vehicles and shelf programmes.

Barclays Group has securitised its own
originated assets in order to manage Barclays Group’s credit risk position and to generate term funding for Barclays Group balance sheet. Barclays Group also participates in primary securitisations and distributes bonds to the market to
facilitate term liquidity for its clients.

Barclays Group also purchases asset backed loans and securities for the purpose of supporting
client franchise, and purchases asset backed securities (ABS) for the purpose of investing its liquidity pool.

Further, Barclays Group
makes a secondary market for a range of securitised products globally, including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) and ABS.


The role and involvement of Barclays Group in securitisations in 2018


Barclays Group adopts the following roles in the securitisation processes in which it is involved:


Originator of assets prior to securitisation

Barclays Group originates or purchases commercial mortgage loans for the purpose of securitisation. The securities are then sold to investors through a broker-dealer subsidiary.


Barclays Group securitises assets otherwise originated in the ordinary course of business including corporate loans, consumer loans and commercial
mortgage loans. Barclays Group also provides derivative transactions to securitisations sponsored by itself and third parties. These transactions carry counterparty credit risk and are included in Barclays Group trading book.


Providing warehousing facilities collateralised by third party assets prior to securitisation or exit via whole-loan sale


Barclays Group provides warehouse financing to third party loan originators, including for agency eligible loans that can be securitised by the
Federal National Mortgage Association (‘Fannie Mae’), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (‘Freddie Mac’), or the Government National Mortgage Association (‘Ginnie Mae’) and for corporate loans that can be
securitised via collateralised loan obligations (CLO).

Executor of securitisation trades including bond marketing and syndication


Barclays Group transacts primarily as a principal in RMBS, ABS, CLO and CMBS with institutional investors and other broker-dealers.
Agency backed residential and commercial mortgage securitisations include Credit Risk Transfer securities (Fannie
Mae-sponsored
 CAS and Freddie
Mac-sponsored
 STACR
bonds). ABS securitisations include consumer ABS (e.g. credit card, student loan and auto) and
non-traditional
 ABS (e.g. timeshares, wireless towers and whole business securitisations).
Non-agency
 commercial mortgage securitisations include CMBS and commercial real estate collateralised loan obligations (CRE CLO). Barclays Group makes secondary market in CLOs and acts as arranger on behalf of
clients to structure and place arbitrage CLOs. In certain limited instances, Barclays Group may also hold a portion of securitisations, which are required for risk retention purposes.


Purchaser of third party securitisations to support client franchise


Barclays Group may purchase third party securitisations. Barclays Group also funds on its own balance sheet securitisations similar to the ones
funded via its sponsored conduits (see below).


Sponsoring conduit vehicles


Barclays Group acts as managing agent and administrative agent of two multi-seller asset backed commercial paper (ABCP) conduits,


Sheffield Receivables Company, LLC (Sheffield) and Salisbury Receivables Company, LLC (Salisbury), through which interests in securitisations of
third party originated assets are funded via a variety of funding mechanics including the issuance of ABCP.

From a regulatory
perspective, Barclays acts as a sponsor of Sheffield and Salisbury. In relation to such conduit activity, Barclays Group provides all or a portion of the backstop liquidity to the commercial paper, programme-wide credit enhancement and, as
appropriate, interest rate and foreign currency hedging facilities. Barclays Group receives fees for the provision of these services.


Sheffield and Salisbury hold securities classified as available for sale, measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised through other
comprehensive income (OCI) and
non-securities
 classified as loans and receivables, measured at amortised cost on its standalone financial statements. It funds the assets through the issuance of ABCP. Note that
Sheffield and Salisbury are consolidated for accounting but not regulatory purposes.

Funding transactions to generate term liquidity


Secured funding forms one of the key components of Barclays Group’s diversified funding sources providing access to the secured
wholesale market and complementing the diversification of funding by maturity, currency and geography. Barclays Group issues ABS and covered bonds secured primarily by customer loans and advances.


Barclays Group currently manages four key,
on-balance
 sheet asset backed funding programmes to obtain term
financing for mortgage loans and credit card receivables. These programmes also support retained issuances for Barclays Group to access central bank liquidity and funding. The UK regulated covered bond and the residential mortgage master trust
securitisation programmes both utilise assets originated by Barclays Group’s UK residential mortgage business. The third programme is a credit card master trust securitisation and uses receivables from Barclays Group’s UK credit card
business. The fourth programme is a SEC registered securitisation programme backed by US domiciled credit card receivables.

Risk
transfer transactions

Barclays Group has entered into synthetic and cash securitisations of corporate and commercial loans
(originated in the ordinary course of business) for the purposes of the transfer of credit risk to third party investors. The regulatory capital requirements of these transactions fall under CRD IV.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 397


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of securitisation exposures


Securitisation risks, monitoring and hedging policies


Capital requirements against securitisation exposures are subject to a separate framework under CRD IV (see CRR article 449) to account for the
particular characteristics of this asset class. For risk management purposes, however, a securitisation is aligned to the risk type to which it gives rise.

Credit risks

In a securitisation structure, the payments are dependent upon the performance of a single exposure
or pool of exposures. As these underlying exposures are usually credit instruments, the performance of the securitisation is exposed to credit risk.

Securitisation exposures are subject to Barclays Group Credit Risk policies and standards and business level procedures. This includes the requirement to review in detail each transaction at a minimum on an annual basis. As
collateral risk is the primary driver the analysis places a particular focus on the underlying collateral performance, key risk drivers, servicer due diligence and cash flows, and the impact of these risks on the securitisation notes. The risk is
addressed through the transaction structure and by setting an appropriate modelled tolerance level. Structural features incorporate wind-down triggers set against factors including, but not limited to, defaults/ charge-offs, delinquencies, excess
spread, dilution, payment rates and yield, all of which help to mitigate potential credit deterioration. Qualitative aspects such as counterparty risk and ancillary issues (operational and legal risk) are also considered. Changes to the credit risk
profile of securitisation exposures will also be identified through ongoing transaction performance monitoring. In addition, periodic stress tests of the portfolio as part of ongoing risk management are conducted as well as in response to Barclays
Group-wide or regulatory requests.

The principal committee responsible for the monitoring of the credit risk arising from
securitisations is Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee (WCRMC).

Market and liquidity risks


Market risk for securitised products is measured, controlled and limited through a suite of VaR,
non-VAR
 and
stress metrics in accordance with Barclays Group’s Market Risk Policies and Procedures. The key risks of securitisation structures are interest rate, credit, spread, prepayment and liquidity risk. Interest rate and spread risk are hedged with
standard liquid interest rate instruments (including interest rate swaps, US Treasuries and US Treasury futures). The universe of hedging instruments for credit and prepayment risk is limited and relatively illiquid, resulting in basis risks. In
providing warehouse financing, Barclays Group is exposed to mark to market (if counterparty defaults on related margin call).


Hedging


Securitisation and
re-securitisation
 exposures benefit from the relative seniority of the exposure in the
capital structure. Due to lack of availability in the credit default swap market for individual asset backed securities, there are no material CDS hedge counterparties relating to the securitisation and

re-securitisation
 population.

Operational risks


Operational risks are incurred in all of Barclays Group’s operations. In particular, all securitised (and

re-securitised)
 assets are subject to a degree of risk associated with documentation and the collection of cash flows.


In providing warehouse financing, Barclays Group incurs potential contingent operational risks related to representations and warranties should
there be a need to foreclose on the line and it later be discovered that the underlying loans were not underwritten to agency agreed criteria. Such risks are mitigated by daily collateral margining and ready agency bids. Market risk is also
mitigated by employing forward trades.

The Operational Risk Review Forum oversees the management of operational risks for the entire
range of Barclays Group’s activities.

Rating methodologies, ECAIs and RWA calculations


RWAs reported for securitised and
re-securitised
 banking book and trading book assets at 31 December
2018 are calculated in line with CRR and UK PRA rules and guidance. Barclays Group has approval to use, and therefore applies, the internal ratings based approach for the calculation of RWAs where appropriate, and the Standardised Approach
elsewhere.

Barclays Group employs eligible ratings issued by nominated External Credit Assessment Institutions (ECAIs) to risk weight
its securitisation and
re-
 securitisation exposure where their use is permitted. Ratings are considered eligible for use based on their conformance with the internal rating standard which is compliant with
both CRR and European Credit Rating Agency regulation. The ECAIs nominated by Barclays Group for this purpose are Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Fitch, DBRS and Kroll.


As required by CRR, Barclays Group uses credit ratings issued by these ECAIs consistently for all exposures within the securitisation exposure
class. For that reason, there is no systematic assignment of particular agencies to types of transactions within the securitisation exposure class.


For Sheffield and Salisbury, the Internal Assessment Approach (IAA) framework mirrors the ECAI
methodology, which also includes Moody’s and Fitch, who rate the Sheffield and Salisbury programmes. Under the IAA framework, the securitisation exposure must be internally rated, and Barclays Group internal assessment process must meet certain
requirements in order to map its own internal rating to an ECAI. Cash flow stress analysis on a securitisation structure is performed as prescribed by an ECAI methodology for the relevant ratings level, and is at least as conservative as the
published methodology. Stress factors may include, among other factors, asset yields, principal payment rates, losses, delinquency rates and interest rates.

In determining an internal rating, collateral risks are the primary driver and are addressed through the transaction structure and modelled statistical confidence. The analysis reflects Barclays Group’s view on the transaction,
including dilution risk, concentration and tenor limits, as well as qualitative aspects such as counterparty risk and important ancillary issues (operational and legal risks). The adequacy and integrity of the servicer’s systems and processes
for underwriting, collections policies and procedures are also reviewed. Barclays Group conducts a full due diligence review of the servicer for each transaction. Each transaction is reviewed on, at least, an annual basis with a focus on the
performance of underlying assets. The results of any due diligence review and the financial strength of the seller/ servicer, are also factored into the analysis. Ratings of the transaction are reaffirmed with the most up to date ECAI methodologies.
Any transaction which deviates from the current methodology is amended accordingly.

Summary of the accounting policies for
securitisation activities

Certain Group-sponsored entities have issued debt securities or have entered into funding arrangements
with lenders in order to finance specific assets. An entity is consolidated by Barclays Group when Barclays Group has control over the entity. Barclays Group controls an entity if it has all of the three elements of control which are i) power over
the entity; and ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity; iii) the ability to use its power over the entity to affect the amount of Barclays Group returns.


The consolidation treatment must be initially assessed at inception and is reassessed if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
one or more of the three elements of control.


398 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of securitisation exposures


Typically, assets that are awaiting securitisation on Barclays Group balance sheet are measured at
fair value through P&L, using the appropriate method for the asset class as they are classified as held for trading or are designed at fair value through profit and loss, under the IAS 39 fair value option. However, some
non-derivative
 assets held prior to securitisation may qualify as loans and receivables and are measured at amortised cost. When securitised assets have been included on Barclays Group balance sheet it is necessary
to consider whether those assets may be removed from Barclays Group balance sheet. Assets which have been transferred to third parties (i.e. an unconsolidated Barclays Group entity), will remain on Barclays Group balance sheet, and treated as
financings, unless the following criteria apply:


◾   substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the assets have been transferred, in which case, they are derecognised in full


◾   if a significant portion, but not all, of the risks and rewards have been transferred, the asset is derecognised entirely if the transferee has the ability to sell the financial asset, otherwise
the asset continues to be recognised only to the extent of Barclays Group’s continuing involvement.

Any financial
support or contractual arrangements provided to unconsolidated entities, over securitised assets, would be recognised as a liability on balance sheet if it met the relevant IFRS criteria, or gave rise to a provision under IAS 37, and have to be
disclosed (see Note 25). Note, however, that Barclays Group has a Significant Risk Transfer policy that does not allow for any support to be provided to any transactions that fall under the securitisation framework.


Assets may be transferred to a third party through a legal sale or an arrangement that meets the ‘pass-through’ criteria where the
substance of the arrangement is principally that Barclays Group is acting solely as a cash collection agent on behalf of the eventual recipients.


Where the transfer applies to a fully proportionate share of all or specifically identified cash
flows, the relevant accounting treatment is applied to that proportion of the asset.

When the above criteria support the case that the
securitisation should not be accounted for as financing, the transaction will result in sale treatment or partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of Barclays Group’s continuing involvement in those assets. Gains are recognised
to the extent that proceeds that can be measured using observable market data exceed the assets derecognised.

Any retained interests,
which will consist of loans and/or securities depending on the nature of the transaction, are valued in accordance with Barclays Group’s Accounting Policies, as set out in the Barclays PLC Annual Report 2018. To the extent that these interests
are measured at fair value, they will be included within the fair value disclosures in the financial statements in the Annual Report. As outlined in these disclosures, key valuation assumptions for retained interests of this nature will include
spreads to discount rates, default and recovery rates and prepayment rates that may be observable or unobservable.

In a synthetic
securitisation transaction, the underlying assets are not sold into the relevant special purpose entity (SPE). Instead, their performance is transferred into the vehicle through a synthetic instrument such as a CDS, a credit linked note or a
financial guarantee. The accounting policies outlined above will apply to synthetic securitisations.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 399


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


This section provides an overview of the management of liquidity risk, capital risk and interest rate risk in the banking book.


◾   Liquidity risk, with a focus on how it is managed so that highly quality liquid assets are adequate at all times including under stress, is discussed on pages 137 to 147


◾   Capital risk, including how the risk of insufficient capital and leverage ratios and pension risk are managed, is discussed on pages 151 to 158


◾   The management of Interest rate risk in the banking book is discussed on pages 159 to 161


400 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


Treasury and capital risk


Liquidity risk:
The risk that the firm is unable to
meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.


Capital risk:
 The risk
that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for
internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans.


Interest rate risk in the
banking book:
The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities.


Overview


Barclays Group Treasury manages treasury and capital risk exposure on a
day-to-day
 basis with the Treasury Committee acting as the principal management body. To enforce effective oversight and segregation of duties and in line with the ERMF, the Treasury and Capital Risk function
is responsible for oversight of key capital, liquidity, interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) and pension risk management activities. The following describes the structure and governance associated with the risk types within the Treasury
and Capital Risk function.


Liquidity risk management


Overview

The efficient
management of liquidity is essential to Barclays Group in retaining the confidence of the financial markets and maintaining the sustainability of the business. There is a control framework in place for managing liquidity risk and this is designed to
meet the following objectives:


◾   To maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality and funding tenor profile that is adequate to meet the liquidity risk appetite as expressed by the Board based on internal
and regulatory liquidity metrics


◾   To maintain market confidence in Barclays Group’s name.

This is
achieved via a combination of policy formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring. Together, these meet internal and regulatory requirements.


Roles and responsibilities


The Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for the management and governance of the liquidity risk mandate defined by the Board and the
production of ILAAPs. Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing liquidity risk within the set risk appetite.

Barclays
Group’s comprehensive control framework for managing Barclays Group’s liquidity risk is designed to deliver the appropriate term and structure of funding, consistent with the liquidity risk appetite set by the Board.


The control framework incorporates a range of ongoing business management tools to monitor, limit and stress test Barclays Group’s balance
sheet and contingent liabilities and the Recovery Plan. Limit setting and transfer pricing are tools that are designed to control the level of liquidity risk taken and drive the appropriate mix of funds. Together, these tools reduce the likelihood
that a liquidity stress event could lead to an inability to meet Barclays Group’s obligations as they fall due. The control framework is subject to internal conformance testing and internal audit review.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 401


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


The Board approves the Barclays Group funding plan, internal stress tests and results of regulatory
stress tests, and the Barclays Group recovery plan. The Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing liquidity risk in line with Barclays Group’s funding management objectives, funding plan and risk frameworks. The Treasury and
Capital Risk Committee monitors and reviews the liquidity risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of liquidity risk. The BRC reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact
of stress scenarios on the Barclays Group funding plan/forecast in order to agree Barclays Group’s projected funding abilities.


Barclays Group maintains a range of management actions for use in a liquidity stress, these are documented in the Barclays Group Recovery Plan.
Since the precise nature of any stress event cannot be known in advance, the actions are designed to be flexible to the nature and severity of the stress event and provide a menu of options that can be drawn upon as required. The Barclays Group
Recovery Plan also contains more severe recovery options to generate additional liquidity in order to facilitate recovery in a severe stress. Any stress event would be regularly monitored and reviewed using key management information by Treasury,
Risk and business representatives.

Risk Appetite and planning


Barclays has established an LRA over Group stress tests to represent the level of liquidity risk Barclays Group chooses to take in pursuit of its
business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations.


The key expression of the liquidity risk is through stress tests. It is measured with reference to
the liquidity pool compared to anticipated net stressed outflows for each of five stress scenarios. Barclays has defined both internal short term and long term LRA stress test metrics.


The LRA for internal stress tests is approved by the Board. The LRA is reviewed on a continuous basis and is subject to formal review at least
annually as part of the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP).


Statement of Liquidity Risk Appetite: For 2018, the Board has approved that Barclays Group will maintain an amount
of available liquidity resources to meet modelled and prescribed regulatory liquidity stress outflows over a period of time (minimum buffer duration):


◾   30 days in a Barclays specific stress


◾   90 days in a market wide stress


◾   30 days in a combined stress


◾   Long term LRA 80% LCR (Pillar 2)


◾   LCR 30 days minimum ratio 100% (Pillar 1 basis) and 100% (Pillar 2 basis)

The stress outflows are used to determine the size of Barclays Group Liquidity Pool, which represents those resources immediately available to meet outflows in a stress. In addition to the liquidity pool, the control framework and
policy provides for other management actions, including generating liquidity from other liquid assets on Barclays Group’s balance sheet in order to meet additional stress outflows, or to preserve or


restore the Liquidity Pool in the event of a liquidity stress.

Liquidity limits


Barclays manages limits on a variety of on and
off-balance
 sheet exposures, a sample of
which is shown in the table below. These limits serve to control the overall extent and composition of liquidity risk taken by managing exposure to the cash outflows.


Early warning indicators


Barclays Treasury FLM monitors a range of market indicators for early signs of liquidity risk either in the market or specific to Barclays, a sample
of which are shown in the table below. These are designed to immediately identify the emergence of increased liquidity risk to maximise the time available to execute appropriate mitigating actions. Early warning indicators are used as part of the
assessment of whether to invoke Barclays Group Recovery Plan, which provides a framework for how the liquidity stress would be managed.


Recovery & resolution planning

Barclays maintains a Group Recovery Plan (GRP) which is designed to provide a framework to effectively manage a severe financial stress. The GRP is proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the business and is tested to
evaluate that it is operationally robust. The GRP details the escalation and invocation process for the plan, including integration with i) BAU monitoring of capital and liquidity Early Warning Indictors (EWI) to detect signs of approaching
financial stress, ii) existing processes within Barclays Treasury and Risk to respond to mild/ moderate stress and iii) a governance process for formally invoking the GRP. The Plan would be formally invoked by Barclays Group Board


402 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


and would be overseen and executed by the Barclays Crisis Leadership Team (BCLT), a flexible
committee of senior management for responding to all types of stress events. In invoking and executing the plan, the BCLT (in consultation with Barclays Group Board) would assess the likely impact of the stress event on Barclays Group and its
subsidiaries and determine the appropriate response for the nature and severity of the stress. The GRP includes a range of recovery options to respond to financial stresses of varying severity and includes detailed information on financial and
non-financial
 impacts of options and a communications plan.

Liquidity risk management


A control framework is in place for Liquidity Risk under which the Treasury function operates. The control framework describes
liquidity risk management processes, associated policies and controls that Barclays Group has implemented to manage liquidity risk within the Liquidity Risk Appetite and is subject to annual review. Internal architecture is in place to record and
measure our group wide liquidity metrics reporting

The Board sets the Liquidity Risk Appetite based on the internal liquidity risk
stress test model (LRA) and external regulatory requirements namely the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The Liquidity Risk Appetite is represented as the level of risk Barclays Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in
meeting its regulatory obligations. The approved Liquidity Risk Appetite is implemented in line with the control framework and policy for liquidity risk.


Capital risk management


Overview

Capital risk is
managed through ongoing monitoring and management of the capital position, regular stress testing and a robust capital governance framework.

Roles and responsibilities

The management of capital risk is integral to Barclays Group’s approach to
financial stability and sustainability management, and is embedded in the way businesses and legal entities operate.

Capital risk
management is underpinned by a control framework and policy. The capital management strategy, outlined in Barclays Group and legal entity capital plans, is developed in alignment with the control framework and policy for capital risk, and is
implemented consistently in order to deliver on Barclays Group’s objectives.

The Board approves the Barclays Group capital plan,
internal stress tests and results of regulatory stress tests, and the Barclays Group recovery plan. The Barclays Group Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing capital risk in line with Barclays Group’s capital management
objectives, capital plan and risk frameworks. The Barclays Group Treasury and Capital Risk Committee monitors and reviews the capital risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of capital risk. The
Barclays PLC BRC reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the Barclays Group capital plan/forecast in order to agree Barclays Group’s projected capital adequacy.


Local management assures compliance with an entity’s minimum regulatory capital requirements by
reporting to local Asset and Liability Committees with oversight by Barclays Group Treasury Committee, as required.

Treasury has the
primary responsibility for managing and monitoring capital and reports to the Barclays Group Finance Director. The Barclays Group Treasury and Capital Risk function provides oversight of capital risk and is an independent risk function that reports
to the Barclays Group CRO. Production of the Barclays PLC ICAAP is the joint responsibility of Barclays Group Risk and Barclays Group Finance.

Capital risk management

Barclays Group’s capital management strategy is driven by the strategic aims of
Barclays Group and the risk appetite set by the Board. Barclays Group’s objectives are achieved through well embedded capital management practices.

Capital planning and allocation

Barclays Group assesses its capital requirements on multiple bases, with
Barclays Group’s capital plan set in consideration of Barclays Group’s risk profile and appetite, strategic and performance objectives, regulatory requirements, international financial reporting standards (including IFRS 9), and market and
internal factors, including the results of stress testing. The capital plan is managed on a
top-down
 and
bottom-up
 basis through both short-term and medium-term
financial planning cycles, and is developed with the objective that Barclays Group maintains an adequate level of capital to support its capital requirements. The planning process captures the impact of IFRS 9 to the capital plan, both including and
excluding the impacts of transitional regulatory adjustments.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 403


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


The PRA determines the regulatory capital requirements for the consolidated Barclays Group. Under
these regulatory frameworks, capital requirements are set in consideration of the level of risk that Barclays Group is exposed to and the factors above, and are measured through both risk-based Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs) and leverage-based metrics.
An internal assessment of Barclays Group’s capital adequacy is undertaken through the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and is used to inform the capital requirements of Barclays Group.


Barclays Group expects to meet the minimum requirements for capital and leverage at all times and also holds an internal buffer sized according to
Barclays Group’s assessment of capital risk.

Through the capital planning process, capital allocations are approved by Barclays
Group Executive committee, taking into consideration the risk appetite and strategic aims of Barclays Group. Regulated legal entities are, at a minimum, capitalised to meet their current and forecast regulatory and business requirements.


Monitoring and reporting


Capital is managed and monitored to maintain that Barclays’ capital plans remain appropriate and that risks to the plans are considered.


Limits are set by Risk to control the level of capital risk within Barclays Group. Treasury are responsible for complying with these
limits as the first line of deference for the management of capital risk. Limits are monitored through appropriately governed forums in the first and second line of defence.


To support compliance with risk limits, Treasury monitor capital risks against firm-specific and macroeconomic early warning indicators and report
on these to the Barclays Group Treasury Committee and entity ALCOs. This enables a consistent and objective approach to monitoring the capital outlook against the capital plan, and supports the early identification when outlooks deteriorate.


Capital management information is readily available to support Senior Management’s strategic and
day-to-day
 business decision making.

Stress testing and risk mitigation


Internal group-wide stress testing is undertaken to quantify and understand the impact of sensitivities on the capital plan and capital ratios
arising from stressed macroeconomic conditions. Recent economic, market and peer institution stresses are used to inform the assumptions developed for internal stress tests and to assess the effectiveness of mitigation strategies.


Barclays Group also undertakes stress tests prescribed by the BoE and EBA, and legal entities
undertake stress tests prescribed by their local regulators. These stress tests inform decisions on the size and quality of the internal capital buffer required and the results are incorporated into Barclays Group capital plan to maintain adequacy
of capital under normal and severe, but plausible stressed conditions.

Actions are identified as part of the stress tests that can be
taken to mitigate the risks that may arise in the event of material adverse changes in the current economic and business outlook. As an additional layer of protection, Barclays Group Recovery Plan defines the actions and implementation strategies
available to Barclays Group to increase or preserve capital resources in the situation that a stress occurs that is more severe than anticipated.

Capitalisation of legal entities

Barclays as a group comprises legal entities across multiple jurisdictions.
Barclays Group and regulated legal entities are subject to prudential requirements from the PRA and/or local regulators. Sufficient capital needs to be available to meet these requirements both at a consolidated Group and individual legal entity
level.

Where aggregate requirements for individual entities in Barclays Group are higher than the consolidated requirement, Barclays
Group may use debt or capital other than CET1 to meet these incremental requirements (so called ‘double leverage’). There are regulatory and rating agency expectations that constrain the amount of double leverage that can be used. This
might increase the overall level of capital Barclays Group is required to hold.

The capitalisation of legal entities is reviewed
annually as part of the capital planning process and monitored on an ongoing basis.

Transferability of capital


Surplus capital held in Group entities is required to be repatriated to the immediate parent in the form of dividends and/or capital repatriation,
subject to local regulatory requirements, exchange controls and tax implications. This approach provides optimal flexibility on the
re-deployment
 of capital across legal entities. Capital is managed for
Barclays Group as a whole as well as for its operating subsidiaries to allow fungibility and redeployment of capital while meeting relevant internal and regulatory targets at entity levels.


Foreign exchange risk


Barclays Group has capital resources and risk weighted assets denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in foreign exchange rates result in changes
in the Sterling equivalent value of foreign currency denominated capital resources and RWAs. As a result, Barclays

Group’s CET1
ratio is sensitive to foreign currency movements.


Barclays Group seeks to minimise the volatility of the CET1 ratio caused by foreign exchange rate
movements by maintain that the CET1 capital movements broadly match the revaluation of Barclays Group’s foreign currency RWA exposures. This is achieved by seeking to align the ratio of CET1 sensitive to foreign exchange rate movements to
foreign currency RWAs with Barclays Group CET1 ratio.

Pension risk


Barclays Group maintains a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. The ability of the pension fund to meet pension
payments is maintained through investments and contributions.

Pension risk arises because the estimated market value of the pension fund
assets might decline; investment returns might reduce; or the estimated value of the pension liabilities might increase. Barclays Group monitors the pension risks arising from its defined benefit pension schemes and works with Trustees to address
shortfalls. In these circumstances Barclays Group could be required or might choose to make extra contributions to the pension fund. Barclays Group’s main defined benefit scheme was closed to new entrants in 2012.


Management of pension risk


Many of Barclays Group’s defined benefit (DB) pension funds are established as trusts in order to keep the fund’s assets separate from the
sponsor (Barclays). As such the Trustees are responsible for:


◾   The investment strategy including asset allocation and performance.


◾   Assessing the level of technical provision required.


◾   Monitoring progress against funding objectives.


◾   Complying with local legislation.

The legal structure of
Barclays’ DB pension funds and the role of the Trustees mean that Pension Risk is not part of Barclays Group’s risk appetite assessment used to manage other key risks.


Pension Forums

The Pension
Executive Board (PEB) has accountability for the effective operation of pensions across Barclays Group. It is the most senior executive body for pensions in Barclays.


The Pension Management Group (PMG) is accountable for the oversight and management of Barclays Group’s responsibilities relating to its pension
arrangements. The PMG is accountable to the PEB.

The PEB and PMG are not created or mandated under the ERMF. However, these forums
provide Risk the opportunity to discuss and comment on pension risk in a wider context with other relevant stakeholders from HR, Legal, Treasury and Finance.


404 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


Key Pension Risk controls and governance include:


◾   Annual review, challenge and proposal of the IAS19 market-driven assumptions used for the calculation of the pension scheme liabilities used in Barclays disclosures.


◾   Representation and input at key pension forums.


◾   Input into Barclays Group’s ICAAP for pension risk.


◾   Input into Barclays Group’s strategic planning and stress test exercises.


◾   Provide independent oversight of the pension risk profiles from Barclays Group’s perspective.


◾   Coordinates response to regulatory initiatives, developments and proposals on pensions, which may include inputs from material overseas schemes.


Interest rate risk in the banking book management


Overview

Banking book
operations generate
non-traded
 market risk, primarily through the mismatch between the duration of assets and liabilities and where interest rates on products reset at different dates. As per Barclays
Group’s policy to remain within the defined risk appetite, interest rate and FX risks residing in the banking books of the businesses are transferred to Treasury where they are centrally managed. Currently these risks are transferred to
Treasury via funding arrangements and interest rate or FX swaps. However, the businesses remain susceptible to
non-traded
 market risk from seven key sources:


◾   Repricing/residual risk: the impact from the mismatch between the run-off of product balances and the associated interest rate hedges or from un-hedged liquidity buffer investments.


◾   Structural risk: the change to the net interest income on rolling structural hedge replenishment due to adverse movements in interest rates, assuming that the balance sheet remains constant.


◾   Prepayment risk: the potential loss in value if actual prepayment or early withdrawal behaviour from customers deviates from the expected or contractually agreed behaviour, which may result
in a hedge or funding adjustment at a cost to Barclays Group. Exposures are typically considered (where appropriate) net of any applicable offsetting early repayment charges. This risk principally relates to early repayment of fixed rate loans or
withdrawal from fixed rate savings products.


◾   Recruitment risk: the potential loss in value if the actual completion or drawdown behaviour from customers deviates from the expected behaviour, which may result in a hedge or funding
adjustment at a cost to Barclays Group. This risk principally relates to the completion timing around Barclays


Group’s fixed rate mortgage pipeline process.


◾   Margin compression risk: the effect of internal or market forces on the Barclays Group’s net margin where, for example, in a low rate environment a fall in interest rates may further
decrease interest income earned on the assets whereas funding costs may not be reduced given the already minimum level of interest rates.


◾   Lag risk: arises from the delay in repricing customer rates for certain variable/managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by
either regulatory constraints around customer notification on pricing changes, processing time for Barclays Group’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


◾   Asset swap spread risk: the spread between Libor and sovereign bond yields that arises from the management of the liquidity buffer investments and its associated hedges.

Furthermore, liquidity pool investments are generally subject to fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
accounting rules, whereby changes in the fair value of these assets impact capital via other comprehensive income (OCI).

Roles and
responsibilities

The
non-traded
 market risk team provides risk management oversight and
monitoring of all traded and
non-traded
 market risk in Treasury and Customer Banking Books, which specifically includes:


◾   Interest rate risk assessment in the customer banking books.


◾   Review and challenge the behavioural assumptions used in hedging and transfer pricing.


◾   Risk management of the liquidity buffer investments and funding activities.


◾   Oversight of balance sheet hedging.


◾   Review of residual risk in the hedge accounting solution and hedging of net investments.


◾   Proposal and monitoring of risk limits to manage traded and non-traded market risk within the agreed risk appetite.


The Barclays Group Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing IRRBB risk in line with Barclays Group’s management objectives
and risk frameworks. The Barclays Group Risk Committee monitors and reviews the IRRBB risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of IRRBB risk. The Barclays Group Board Risk Committee reviews the interest
rate risk profile, including annual review of the risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the interest rate risk of the Barclays Group.


Management of IRRBB


Barclays seeks to minimise interest rate risk in the banking book and maintain it is within the agreed risk appetite, whilst actively managing the
associated risks which could reduce the value of liquidity buffer investments. Therefore, the primary control for IRRBB is calculating the risk measures described below and monitoring risk exposure vs. defined limits. Limits are set at an aggregate
business level and then cascaded down.

Barclays uses a range of complementary technical approaches to measure IRRBB as described below.
The risk is measured and controlled using both an income based metric (EaR) and value based metrics (EVE, EC and VaR).

Summary of
measures for
non-traded
 market risk


Measure   Definition
Earnings at risk (EaR)   A measure of the potential change in Net Interest Income (NII) due to an adverse
interest rate movement over a predefined time horizon.
Economic value of equity (EVE)   A measure of the potential change in value of expected future cash flows due to adverse
interest rate movement, based on the existing balance sheet run-off profile.
Economic capital (EC)   A measure of the potential loss from a severe stress scenario over a predefined time
horizon at a particular confidence level.
Value at risk (VaR)   A measure of the potential loss of value arising from unfavourable market movements at
a specific confidence level, if current positions were to be held unchanged for the predefined holding period.
Stress testing   A measure to assess risk exposures under severely adverse market scenarios.

Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR)


AEaR measures the sensitivity of net interest income over a
one-year
 period. It is calculated as the
difference between the estimated income using the expected rate forecast and the lowest estimated income following a parallel increase or decrease in interest rates.


The main model assumptions are:

The
balance sheet is kept at the current level, i.e. no growth is assumed, and
run-off
 balances are reinvested to maintain a constant balance sheet


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 405


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of treasury and capital risk


Contractual positions are adjusted for an assumed behavioural profile, more closely matching the
expected product life-cycle.

AEaR sensitivity is calculated for the entire banking book, including the liquidity buffer investments. The
metric provides a measure of how interest rate risk may impact Barclays

Group’s earnings, providing a simple comparison between
risk and returns. The main disadvantage of the metric is its short-term focus, as it only measures the impact on a position in the first 12 months. In order to counter this, Barclays Group has implemented additional economic value risk metrics.


See pages 159 to 160 for a review of AEaR in 2018.

Economic Value of Equity (EVE)


EVE calculates the change in the present value of Barclays Group’s expected cash-flows from a parallel upward or downward interest rate


(100bps) shock. Note that the EVE calculation measures sensitivity in terms of present value, while AEaR measures income sensitivity,
and as such are complimentary.

The EVE measure is applied to the entire banking book, that is, the same coverage as AEaR, and covers the
full life of transactions and hedges allowing the risk over the whole life of positions to be considered. It does not capture the impact of business growth or management actions, and is based on the expected balance sheet
run-off
 profile.

Economic Capital (EC, for recruitment, prepayment and residual risk)


EC consistent models, based on VaR methodologies, are used to measure unexpected losses to a 99% confidence interval over a
one-year
 period. Within
non-traded
 market risk, this measure aims to capture recruitment, prepayment and residual risks for banking book products (see definitions on page
405). EC metrics typically measure variations in economic value from specific sources of risk, for example, prepayment risk EC for fixed rate mortgages predicts the cost of hedging in order to reduce any mismatch exposure resulting from the impact
of unexpected customer prepayment levels.

Limits are set against EC metrics and breaches trigger mitigating actions to reduce exposure
to appropriate levels. EC modelling is typically applied only to contractually fixed rate products, with the majority of variable and administered rate portfolios not subject to an EC measure.


Advantages of EC are that it can calculate unexpected losses to an appropriate degree of confidence
given the nature of the risks, and that it covers sources of loss beyond the scope of other models
(one-year
 period for AEaR, only existing business being considered for EVE, etc). However, as with any
statistical model, the choice of the distribution may drive under-prediction of very extreme events, i.e. the real distribution may be
fat-tailed.
 To mitigate this, Barclays Group continues to improve its
models using longer time series of historical data to capture extreme moves.


See pages 159 to 161 for a review of EC in 2018.

Value at Risk (VaR)


VaR is an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements if the current position were to be held unchanged for a set
period. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation methodology is used with a
two-year
 equally weighted historical period, at a 95% confidence level.


Daily VaR is used to measure residual interest and foreign exchange risks within certain banking book portfolios.


Quarterly scaled VaR is used to measure risk in the liquidity pool investments. The calculation uses a

two-year
 historical period, a 95% confidence level and is scaled from daily to quarterly using a constant factor.

Stress testing

All
non-traded
 market risk positions are subject to
Barclays Group’s annual stress testing exercise, where scenarios based on adverse economic parameters are used to determine the potential impact of the positions on results and the balance sheet.


406 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of operational risk


The sources of operational risks, and how those risks are managed, are
detailed in this section.


◾   The types of risks that are classified as operational risks are described on page 408.


◾   Governance, management and measurement techniques are covered on pages 409-410.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 407


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of operational risk


Operational risk The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes, systems, human factors or due to external events (for example,
fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.   Payments processes from initiation through to external settlement, including any repairs or
amendments. ◾ People Risk: The set of risks associated with employing and managing people, including compliance with
regulations, appropriate resourcing for requirements, recruitment and development risks (excluding health and safety related risk). ◾ Premises Risk: The risk of business detriment or harm to people due to premises and infrastructure issues. ◾ Physical Security Risk: The risk of business detriment, financial loss or harm to people as a result of any
physical security incident impacting Barclays Group or a Barclays Group’s employee - relating to harm to people, unauthorised access, intentional damage to premises or theft or intentional damage to moveable assets. ◾ Supplier Risk : The risk that is introduced to Barclays Group or a Barclays Group’s entity as a
consequence of obtaining services or goods from another legal entity, or entities, whether external or internal as a result of inadequate selection, inadequate management or inadequate exit management. ◾ Tax Risk : The risk of unexpected tax cost in relation to any tax for which Barclays Group is liable, or of
reputational damage on tax matters with key stakeholders such as tax authorities, regulators, shareholders or the public. Tax cost includes tax, interest or penalties levied by a taxing authority. ◾ Technology Risk: The risk of dependency on technological solutions and failure to develop, deploy and
maintain technology solutions that are stable, reliable and deliver business need.
Overview The management of operational risk has three key objectives: ◾ Deliver an operational risk capability owned and used by business leaders which is pragmatic, relevant, and enables business leaders to make sound risk decisions over the long
term. ◾ Provide the frameworks and policies to enable management to meet their risk management responsibilities while the second line of defence provides robust, independent, and
effective oversight and challenge. ◾ Deliver a consistent and aggregated measurement of operational risk that will provide clear and relevant insights, so that the right management actions
can be taken to keep the operational risk profile consistent with Barclays Group’s strategy, the stated risk tolerance and stakeholder needs. Following submission of an application to the PRA relating to Barclays Group Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) permission, Barclays Group received
the PRA’s approval to use the Standardised Approach (TSA) for operational risk regulatory capital purposes with effect from 1 April 2018. Barclays Group has conservatively elected to retain its previous operational risk RWA amount
unchanged for 2018.   Barclays Group operates within a strong system of internal
controls that enables business to be transacted and risk taken without exposing Barclays Group to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damages. Barclays Group has an overarching Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) that sets out the
approach to internal governance. Organisation and
structure Operational risk comprises a number of specific risk
categories defined as follow: ◾ Data Management & Information Risk : The risk that
Barclays Group information is not captured, retained, used or protected in accordance with its value and legal and regulatory requirements. ◾ Financial Reporting Risk: The risk of a material misstatement or omission within Barclays Group’s external financial reporting, regulatory reporting or internal financial
management reporting ◾ Fraud Risk: The risk of financial loss when an internal or external party acts dishonestly with the intent to obtain an undue benefit, cause a loss to, or to expose either Barclays
Group or its customers and clients to a risk of loss. ◾ Payments Process Risk: The risk of payments being processed inaccurately, with delays or without appropriate authentication and authorisation. It includes


408 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of operational risk


◾   Transaction Operations Risk: The risk of customer/client or Barclays Group detriment due to unintentional error and/or failure in the end-to-end process of initiation, processing and fulfilment of an interaction between a customer/client and Barclays Group with an underlying financial instrument (e.g. mortgage, derivative product, trade
product etc.) in consideration.

In addition to the above, operational risk encompasses risks associated with prudential
regulation. This includes the risk of failing to: adhere to prudential regulatory requirements, including capital adequacy requirements; provide regulatory submissions; or monitor and manage adherence to new prudential regulatory requirements.


These risks may result in financial and/or
non-financial
 impacts including legal/ regulatory
breaches or reputational damage.

Barclays Group also recognises that there are certain threats/risk drivers that are more thematic and
have the potential to impact Barclays Group’s strategic objectives. These are Enterprise Risk Themes which require an overarching and integrated risk management approach. Including:


◾   Cyber: The potential loss or detriment to Barclays caused by individuals or groups (threat actors) with the capabilities and intention to cause harm or to profit from attacks committed via
network information systems against us, our suppliers, or customers/clients.


◾   Data: Aligned to the data strategy of Barclays Group and encompassing data risks to Barclays Group from multiple risk categories, including data management, data architecture, data
security & protection, data resilience, data retention and data privacy.


◾   Execution: The risk of failing to deliver and implement the agreed initiatives, priorities and business outcomes required to deliver Barclays Group’s strategy within agreed timelines.


◾   Resilience: T he risk of the organisation’s ability to survive and prosper in its commercial endeavours in the presence of adverse events, shocks and chronic or incremental changes.


Roles and responsibilities


The prime responsibility for the management of operational risk and the compliance with control requirements rests with the legal entities, business
and functional units where the risk arises. The operational risk profile and control environment is reviewed by business management through specific meetings which cover these items. Legal entities, businesses and functions are required to report
their operational risks on both a regular and an event-driven basis. The reports include a profile of the material risks that may threaten the achievement of their objectives and the effectiveness of key controls, operational risk events and a
review of scenarios.

The Barclays Group Head of Operational Risk is responsible for establishing, owning and maintaining an appropriate
Barclays Group-wide Operational Risk Management Framework and for overseeing the portfolio of operational risk across Barclays Group.


Operational Risk Management (ORM) acts in a Second Line of Defence capacity, and is responsible for defining and overseeing the implementation of
the framework and monitoring Barclays Group’s operational risk profile. ORM alerts management when risk levels exceed acceptable tolerance in order to drive timely decision making and actions by the first line of defence. Operational risk
issues escalated from these meetings are considered through the second line of defence review meetings. Depending on their nature, the outputs of these meetings are presented to the operational risk profile Forum, the Barclays PLC Board Risk
Committee or the Barclays PLC Board Audit Committee.

Specific reports are prepared by Operational Risk on a regular basis for the
Barclays Group Risk Committee, and the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee.

Specific reports are prepared by legal entity and Barclays
Group Operational Risk on a regular basis for BRC and BAC.

Operational risk framework


The Operational Risk Framework comprises a number of elements which allow Barclays Group to manage and measure its operational risk profile and to
calculate the amount of operational risk capital that Barclays Group needs to hold to absorb potential losses. The minimum, mandatory requirements for each of these elements are set out in the Operational Risk Framework and supporting policies. This
framework is implemented across Barclays Group with all legal entities, businesses and functions required to implement and operate an Operational Risk Framework that meets, as a minimum, the requirements detailed in the operational risk policies.


The Operational Risk Framework is a key component of the ERMF and has been designed to improve risk
management and meet a number of external governance requirements including the Basel Capital Accord, the Capital Requirements Directive and Turnbull guidance as an evaluation framework for the purposes of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. It also supports the Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.

The Operational Risk Framework includes the following elements:


Risk and control self-assessments

Risk and control self-assessments (RCSAs) are the way in which Barclays Group identifies and assesses the risks which are inherent in the material processes operated by Barclays Group. Managers in the business use the RCSA approach
to evaluate the key controls in place to mitigate those risks and assess the residual risk exposure to Barclays Group. The businesses / functions are then able to make decisions on what action, if any, is required to reduce the level of residual
risk to Barclays Group. These risk assessments are monitored on a regular basis to maintain that each business understands the risks it faces.

Risk events

An operational risk event is any circumstance where, through the lack or failure of a control,
Barclays Group has actually, or could have, made a loss. The definition includes situations in which Barclays Group could have made a loss, but in fact made a gain, as well as incidents resulting in reputational damage or regulatory impact only.


A standard threshold is used across Barclays Group for reporting risk events and part of the analysis includes the identification of
improvements to processes or controls, to reduce the recurrence and/or magnitude of risk events. For significant events, both financial and
non-financial,
 this analysis includes the completion of a formal
lessons learnt report.

Barclays Group also maintains a record of external risk events which are publicly available and is a member of
the Operational Riskdata eXchange (ORX), a
not-for-profit
 association of international banks formed to share anonymous loss data information. This external loss
information is used to support and inform risk identification, assessment and measurement.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 409


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of operational risk


Operational Risk Tolerance


The Board approves an Operational Risk Tolerance Statement on an annual basis, establishing the level of operational risk that is acceptable in
pursuit of Barclays Group’s strategic objectives.

Operational risks are assessed and monitored against the Board approved
Operational Risk Tolerance, with Risk Reduction Plans established for any risks that are above the acceptable level.

The Operational
Risk Profile is monitored through Risk Committees at legal entity, Barclays Group and Board level in the context of Operational Risk Tolerance.

Key indicators

Key indicators (KIs) are metrics which allow the Operational Risk Profile to be measured and
monitored against Management’s Risk Tolerance. KIs include defined thresholds and performance is reported regularly to Management to drive action when risk exceeds acceptable limits.


Risk scenarios

Risk
scenarios are a summary of the extreme potential risk exposures for Barclays Group covering the complete range of risks. The scenarios include an assessment of the key drivers for the exposure, occurrence and impact of the scenario and a review of
the corresponding control environment. The risk scenario assessments are a key input to the calculation and benchmarking of economic capital requirements (see following section on operational risk measurement). The assessment considers analysis of
internal and external loss experience, Key Risk Indicators, Risk and Control Self-Assessments and other relevant information. The businesses and functions analyse potential extreme scenarios, considering the:


◾   circumstances and contributing factors that could lead to an extreme event;


◾   potential financial impacts;


◾   controls that seek to limit the likelihood of such an event occurring; and


◾   the mitigating actions that would be taken if the event were to occur (for example crisis management procedures, business continuity or disaster recovery plans).


Management then determine whether the potential risk exposure is acceptable or whether changes in risk management control or business strategy are
required.

The risk scenarios are regularly
re-assessed,
 taking into account trends in risk
factors.


Reporting


The ongoing monitoring and reporting of operational risk is a key component of the Operational Risk Framework. Reports and management information
are used by the Operational Risk function and by legal entity and business management to understand, monitor, manage and control operational risks and losses.


The operational risk profile is reviewed by senior management at legal entity Risk Committee meetings as well as the Operational Risk Profile Forum
and BRC, BAC and the Board.

Operational risk measurement


Barclays Group assesses its Operational Risk Capital requirements using the Standardised Approach (TSA). Barclays Group also maintains a voluntary
floor for the Regulatory Capital. The floor is based on the Capital calculated by Barclays Group under the previous AMA regime.


Insurance

As part of its
risk management approach, Barclays Group also uses insurance to mitigate the impact of some operational risks.


410 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of model risk


The types of model risk, and how they are managed,


are detailed in this section.


◾   The types of risks that are classified as model risk are described on page 412.


◾   Governance, management and measurement techniques are covered on page 412.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 411


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of model risk


Model risk The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model
outputs and reports.   ◾ Enforcing that every model
has a model owner who is accountable for the model. The model owner must sign off models prior to submission to IVU for validation. The model owner works with the relevant technical teams (model developers, implementation, monitoring, data services,
regulatory) to maintain that the model presented to IVU is and remains fit for purpose. ◾ Overseeing that every model
is subject to validation and approval by IVU, prior to being implemented and on a continual basis. While all models are reviewed and re-approved for continued use each year, the validation frequency and the
level of review and challenge applied by IVU is tailored to the materiality and complexity of each model. Validation includes a review of the model assumptions, conceptual soundness, data, design, performance testing, compliance with external
requirements if applicable, as well as any limitations, proposed remediation and overlays with supporting rationale. Material model changes are subject to prioritised validation and approval. ◾ Defining model risk appetite in terms of risk tolerance, and qualitative metrics which are used to track and report model risk. ◾ Maintaining specific standards that cover model risk management activities relating to stress testing challenger models, model overlays, vendor models, and model complexity and
materiality.
Overview Barclays Group uses models to support a broad range of activities, including
informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures, conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, managing client assets, and meeting reporting requirements. Since models are imperfect and incomplete representations of reality, they
may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their output. Model errors can result in inappropriate business decisions being made, financial loss, regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting. Models may also be
misused, for instance applied to products that they were not intended for, or not adjusted, where fundamental changes to their environment would justify re-evaluating their core assumptions. Errors and misuse
are the primary sources of model risk. Robust model risk
management is crucial to assessing and managing model risk within a defined risk appetite. Strong model risk culture, appropriate technology environment, and adequate focus on understanding and resolving model limitations are crucial
components. Organisation and structure Barclays Group allocates substantial resources to identify and record models
and their usage, document and monitor the performance of models, validate models and adequately address model limitations. Barclays Group manages model risk as an enterprise level risk similar to other principal risks. Barclays Group has a dedicated Model Risk Management (MRM) function that
consists of two main units: the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), responsible for model validation and approval, and Model Governance and   Controls (MGC), covering model risk governance, controls
and reporting, including ownership of model risk policy and the model inventory. The model risk management framework consists of the model risk policy and standards. The policy prescribes group-wide, end-to-end requirements for the
identification, measurement and management of model risk, covering model documentation, development, implementation, monitoring, annual review, independent validation and approval, change and reporting processes. The policy is supported by global
standards covering model inventory, documentation, validation, complexity and materiality, testing and monitoring, overlays, risk appetite, as well as vendor models and stress testing challenger models. Barclays Group is continuously enhancing model risk management. The function
reports to the Barclays Group CRO and operates a global framework. Implementation of best practice standards is a central objective of Barclays Group. Model risk reporting flows to senior management as depicted below. Roles and responsibilities The key model risk management activities include: ◾ Correctly identifying models across all relevant areas of Barclays Group, and recording models in the Barclays Group Models Database (GMD), the Barclays Group-wide model
inventory. The heads of the relevant model ownership areas (typically, the Business Chief Risk Officers, Business Chief Executive Officers, Group Finance Director, Treasurer, etc.) annually attest to the completeness and accuracy of the model
inventory. MGC undertakes regular conformance reviews on the model inventory.


412 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of conduct risk


This section provides an overview of the management of conduct risk.


◾   Conduct risk is the risk that detriment is caused to our customers, clients, counterparties or Barclays Group and its employees because of inappropriate judgement in the execution of our business
activities (see page 414).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 413


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of conduct risk


Conduct risk The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply
of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct   The Barclays Bank Group and the Barclays Bank UK Group Trading Entity Risk Committees are the primary Second Line
governance forums for oversight of conduct risk profile and implementation of the CRMF. The responsibilities of the Business Unit Risk Committees include approval of the conduct risk tolerance and the business defined key indicators. Additional
responsibilities include the identification and discussion of any emerging conduct risks exposures which have been identified.
Overview Barclays Group defines, manages and mitigates Conduct risk with the goal of
providing positive customer and client outcomes, protecting market integrity and promoting effective competition. This includes taking reasonable steps to assure that Barclays Group’s culture and strategy are appropriately aligned to these
goals; its products and services are reasonably designed and delivered to meet the needs of customers and clients; promoting the fair and orderly operation of the markets in which Barclays Group does business; and that Barclays Group does not commit
or facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption or breaches of economic sanctions. Product Lifecycle, Culture and Strategy and Financial Crime are the risk categories within the Barclays Group definition of conduct risk. Organisation and structure The governance of conduct risk within Barclays Group is fulfilled through
management committees and forums operated by the First and Second Lines of Defence with clear escalation and reporting lines to the Board. The Barclays Group Risk Committee is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays
Group’s management of conduct risk.   Roles and responsibilities The Conduct Risk Management Framework (CRMF) outlines how Barclays Group
manages and measures its conduct risk profile. Senior managers
have accountability for managing conduct risk in their areas of responsibility. This is expressed in their Statements of Responsibilities. The primary responsibility for managing conduct risk and compliance with control requirements sits with the
business where the risk arises. The First Line Business Control Committees provide oversight of controls relating to conduct risk. The Barclays Group Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for owning and maintaining an appropriate Barclays Group-wide CRMF. This includes
defining and owning the relevant conduct risk policies and oversight of the implementation of controls to manage and escalate the risk. Businesses are required to report their conduct risks on both a quarterly and an event-driven basis to their respective trading entity risk
committees. The quarterly reports detail conduct risks inherent within the business strategy and include forward looking horizon scanning analysis as well as backward looking evidence-based indicators from both internal and external
sources.


414 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of reputation risk


This section provides an overview of the management of reputation risk.


◾   Reputation risk is the risk of damage to the Barclays brand arising from association, action or inaction which is perceived by stakeholders to be inappropriate or unethical (see page 416).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 415


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of reputation risk


Reputation risk The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by
clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public.
Overview A reduction of trust in Barclays Group’s integrity and competence may reduce the attractiveness of Barclays Group to stakeholders and could
lead to negative publicity, loss of revenue, regulatory or legislative action, loss of existing and potential client business, reduced workforce morale and difficulties in recruiting talent. Ultimately it may destroy shareholder value. Organisation and structure The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and
monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays Group’s management of reputation risk. Roles and responsibilities The Barclays
Group Chief Compliance Officer is accountable for developing a reputation risk framework, policies and standards, including limits against which data is monitored, reported on and escalated, as required. Reputation risk is by nature pervasive and can be difficult to quantify,
requiring more subjective judgement than many other risks. The Reputation Risk Framework sets out what is required to manage reputation risk effectively and consistently across Barclays Group. During 2018, the Framework was updated to include a new
reputation risk policy and supporting standards. The primary
responsibility for identifying and managing reputation risk and adherence to the control requirements sits with the business and support functions where the risk arises.   Barclays Bank Group and Barclays Bank UK Group are required to operate within established reputation risk appetite and their component businesses prepare reports for their respective Risk
and Board Risk Committees highlighting their most significant current and potential reputation risks and issues and how they are being managed. These reports are a key internal source of information for the quarterly reputation risk reports which
are prepared for the Group Risk Committee and Barclays PLC Board Reputation Committee.


416 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information

Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of legal risk


This section provides an overview of the management of legal risk.


◾   Legal risk is the risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements (see page
418).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 417


Additional information


Barclays’ approach to managing risks

Management of legal risk


Legal risk The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations
including regulatory or contractual requirements.   All employees, regardless of their position, business, function or location, must play a part in Barclays’ legal
risk management. Employees are responsible for understanding and taking reasonable steps to manage and minimise legal risk that may arise in the context of their individual roles and responsibilities. Employees are required to be familiar with the
LRMF and legal risk policies and to know how to escalate actual or potential legal risk issues. Legal risk management is everyone’s responsibility, as part of a risk culture aligned to Barclays’ Values, promoting transparency and
timely escalation and management of risks and issues, supported by clearly defined roles and responsibilities across the three lines of defence. The Legal Function does not sit in any of the three lines of defence but supports them all. The LRMF details the main activities the Legal Function
undertakes to support Barclays in managing risk, including the identification of issues and risks, coverage with appropriate expertise and escalation. The LRMF, legal risk policies and activities of the Legal Function are designed so that Barclays
receives advice from appropriate legal professionals in circumstances that are most likely to give rise to legal risk. The Group General Counsel, supported by the Legal Executive Committee and the Global Head of Legal Risk, Governance and Control, is responsible for
maintaining an appropriate LRMF, developing non-financial legal risk tolerances and for overseeing legal risk management.
Overview Overall, Barclays has limited tolerance for legal risk, however the multitude
of laws and regulations across the globe are highly dynamic and their application to particular circumstances is often unclear. This results in a degree of legal risk. The Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF) comprises a number of integrated
components that allows Barclays to identify, manage and measure its legal risk profile, supported by Barclays Group-wide legal risk policies and associated standards aligned to the following legal risks: ◾ contractual arrangements – failure to engage Barclays Legal Function in relation to contractual arrangements ◾ litigation management – litigation not being managed by or with the support of Barclays Legal Function ◾ intellectual property (IP) – failure to protect Barclays’ IP assets or infringement of third party IP
rights ◾ competition/anti-trust – failure to identify and escalate competition/anti-trust issues to Barclays Legal Function or
inappropriate interactions with competition/anti-trust authorities. ◾ use of law firms – inappropriate instruction of external legal advisors ◾ contact with regulators – inappropriate interactions with regulators or inappropriate handling of confidential supervisory information from regulatory or government agencies   ◾ legal engagement – failure to appropriately engage Barclays Legal Function in relation to key business
decisions. Organisation and structure The Legal Executive Committee oversees, monitors and challenges legal risk
across the Barclays Group. The Barclays Group Risk Committee is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of management of risk across the Barclays Group. Escalation paths from this committee exist to
the Barclays PLC Board Risk Committee. Roles and
responsibilities The LRMF requires Barclays’ businesses
and functions to integrate the management of legal risk within their strategic planning and business decision making, including managing adherence to minimum control requirements. Barclays’ businesses and functions are accountable and have
primary responsibility for identifying legal risk in their area as well as responsibility for adherence to minimum control requirements and compliance with the LRMF and legal risk policies.


418 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Deposits and short-term borrowings


Deposits

Deposits include
deposits from banks and customer accounts.


Average for the year ended
31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Deposits at amortised cost
UK   313,829   270,968   255,602
Europe   32,707   32,857   31,759
Americas   33,441   44,543   41,585
Asia   6,761   6,021   6,197
Africa   7,273   6,746   12,073
Total deposits at amortised cost   394,011   361,135   347,216


For the year ended 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Deposits at amortised cost   394,838   398,701   390,744
In offices in the United Kingdom:
Current and demand accounts
- interest free   95,571   93,573   85,296
- interest bearing   36,730   39,641   37,200
Savings accounts   127,397   125,868   123,833
Other time deposits - retail   16,224   15,029   14,526
Other time deposits - wholesale   75,492   70,515   64,635
Total repayable in offices in the United
Kingdom   351,414   344,626   325,490
In offices outside the United Kingdom:
Current and demand accounts
- interest free   9,594   7,328   9,722
- interest bearing   6,819   5,407   5,986
Savings accounts   10,192   8,470   9,511
Other time deposits   16,819   32,870   40,035
Total repayable in offices outside the United
Kingdom   43,424   54,075   65,254

Deposits at amortised cost in offices in the United Kingdom received from

non-residents
 amounted to £59,168m (2017: £45,626 m).


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 419


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Short-term borrowings


Short-term borrowings include deposits from banks, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements.


Deposits from banks


Deposits from banks are taken from a wide range of counterparties and generally have maturities of less than one year.


2018 £m   2017 b £m   2016 b £m
Year-end balance   14,317   37,723   48,214
Average balance a   19,887   49,938   59,681
Maximum balance a   26,577   56,348   66,404
Average interest rate during year   2.0%   0.8%   0.4%
Year-end interest
rate   2.7%   0.8%   0.4%

Notes


a   Calculated based on month-end balances.


b   The balance includes non-interest bearing settlement
balances.

Commercial paper


Commercial paper is issued by the Group, mainly in the United States, generally in denominations of not less than $100,000, with maturities of up to
270 days.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Year-end balance   14,479   7,981   8,132
Average balance a   12,192   8,375   7,711
Maximum balance a   15,192   9,056   8,471
Average interest rate during year   1.1%   1.2%   0.8%
Year-end interest
rate   0.9%   1.3%   1.0%

Note


a   Calculated based on month-end balances.

Negotiable certificates of deposit


Negotiable certificates of deposits are issued mainly in the United Kingdom and United States, generally in denominations of not less than $100,000.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Year-end balance   10,861   21,874   20,373
Average balance a   18,485   24,984   15,540
Maximum balance a   24,098   30,529   20,373
Average interest rate during year   1.2%   0.7%   0.4%
Year-end interest
rate   2.0%   0.8%   0.5%

Note


a   Calculated based on month-end balances.


420 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Repurchase agreements are entered into with both customers and banks and
generally have maturities of not more than three months.


2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Year-end balance   18,578   40,338   19,760
Average balance a   19,962   33,435   24,966
Maximum balance a   23,341   40,338   28,057
Average interest rate during year   0.9%   1.8%   0.8%
Year-end interest
rate   1.0%   1.4%   0.7%

Note


a   Calculated based on month-end balances.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 421


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Commitments and contractual obligations


Commercial commitments include guarantees, contingent liabilities and standby facilities.


Commercial
commitments
Amount of commitment expiration per period
Less than one year £m   Between one to three years £m   Between three to five years £m   After five years £m   Total amounts committed £m
As at 31 December 2018
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   13,962   729   637   477   15,805
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,351   122   4   21   4,498
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   1,727   14   -   -   1,741
Standby facilities, credit lines and other
commitments   321,366   568   424   124   322,482
As at 31 December 2017
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   13,631   227   49   368   14,275
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,396   199   10   133   4,738
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   806   6   -   -   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other
commitments   314,364   90   259   48   314,761

Contractual obligations include debt securities, operating lease and purchase obligations.


Contractual
obligations
Payments due by period
Less than one year £m   Between one to three years £m   Between three to five years £m   After five years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2018
Long-term debt a   34,155   19,996   16,919   40,223   111,293
Operating lease obligations   302   496   290   1,257   2,345
Purchase obligations   627   755   404   153   1,939
Total   35,084   21,247   17,613   41,633   115,577
As at 31 December 2017
Long-term debt a   39,434   19,287   24,160   31,894   114,775
Operating lease obligations   334   522   343   1,337   2,536
Purchase obligations   292   272   90   82   736
Total   40,060   20,081   24,593   33,313   118,047

Note


a   Long-term debt has been prepared to reflect cash flows on an undiscounted basis, which includes
interest payments.

Net cash flows from derivatives used to hedge long-term debt amount to £1.7bn (2017:
£2.4bn).

Further information on the contractual maturity of the Group’s assets and liabilities is given in the Funding
section within the Risk review section.


422 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Securities


Analysis of Securities
As at 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Investment securities a
US government, other public bodies and agencies   14,323   13,284   11,032
United Kingdom government   9,400   15,096   15,351
Other government   16,067   17,077   19,353
Mortgage and asset backed securities   2,119   546   804
Corporate and other issuers   14,856   11,126   16,339
Debt securities   56,765   57,129   62,879
Equity securities   1,122   1,786   438
Investment securities   57,887   58,915   63,317
Other securities b
US government, other public bodies and agencies   23,890   16,168   12,283
United Kingdom government   10,155   4,379   4,794
Other government   9,825   11,845   8,246
Mortgage and asset backed securities   2,024   1,974   1,568
Corporate and other issuers   15,911   16,850   11,968
Debt securities   61,805   51,216   38,859
Equity securities   45,584   64,008   42,887
Other securities   107,389   115,224   81,746


a   Investment securities for 2018 includes securities reported within loans and advances at amortised
cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Investment securities for 2017 & 2016 includes securities reported within financial investments.


b   Other securities includes securities reported within trading portfolio and financial assets at
fair value through the income statement.

Investment debt securities include government securities held as part of the
Group’s treasury management portfolio for asset and liability, liquidity and regulatory purposes and are for use on a continuing basis in the activities of the Group. In addition, the Group holds as investments listed and unlisted corporate
securities.


Maturities and yield of investment securities
Maturing with one year   Maturing one but within five years   Maturing after five but within ten years   Maturing after ten years   Total
As at 31 December 2018   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %
US government, other public bodies and agencies   1,358   0.8   %   6,336   1.5   %   4,598   2.1   %   2,031   1.8   %   14,323   1.6   %
United Kingdom government   4,179   0.4   %   626   1.2   %   3,053   2.2   %   1,542   2.3   %   9,400   1.3   %
Other government   602   1.5   %   4,009   2.3   %   9,266   1.1   %   2,190   1.7   %   16,067   1.5   %
Other issuers   3,591   1.3   %   7,900   1.9   %   3,294   1.9   %   2,190   1.5   %   16,975   1.7   %
Total book value   9,730   0.8   %   18,871   1.8   %   20,211   1.6   %   7,953   1.8   %   56,765   1.6   %

The yield for each range of maturities is calculated by dividing the annualised interest income prevailing at
reporting date by the book value of securities held at that date.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 423


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Average balance sheet


Average balances are based upon monthly averages.


Assets   2018
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Cash and balances at central banks   UK   70,719   297   -   297   0.4
Cash and balances at central banks   Non-UK   106,370   826   -   826   0.8
Cash and balances at central banks a   Total   177,089   1,123   -   1,123   0.6
Loans and advances at amortised cost   UK   262,796   8,744   -   8,744   3.3
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Non-UK   66,619   3,329   -   3,329   5.0
Loans and advances at amortised cost a,b   Total   329,415   12,073   -   12,073   3.7
Financial investments   UK   -   -   -   -   -
Financial investments   Non-UK   -   -   -   -   -
Financial investments a   Total   -   -   -   -   -
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   857   2   -   2   0.2
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   855   10   -   10   1.2
Reverse repurchase agreements a   Total   1,712   12   -   12   0.7
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   UK   53,499   956   -   956   1.8
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   Non-UK   2,850   73   -   73   2.6
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income a   Total   56,349   1,029   -   1,029   1.8
Other interest income c   -   304   -   304   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through income statement   564,566   14,541   -   14,541   2.6
Less interest expense   -   (5,479)   -   (5,479)   -
Net interest   564,566   9,062   -   9,062   1.6
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   UK   171,318
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Non-UK   73,153
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Total   244,471
Total interest earning assets   809,037
Impairments   (6,875)
Non-interest earning assets a   407,437
Total   1,209,599
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the UK   31%

Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December
2017 as a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures. As part of this change the cash collateral
balances have been reflected in non-interest earning assets.


b   Loans and advances at amortised cost include all doubtful lending. Interest receivable on such
lending has been included to the extent to which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Barclays Group.


c   Other interest income principally relates to hedging activity.


424 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Assets   2017
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Cash and balances at central banks   UK   55,453   147   -   147   0.3
Cash and balances at central banks   Non-UK   96,262   436   -   436   0.5
Cash and balances at central banks a   Total   151,715   583   -   583   0.4
Loans and advances at amortised cost   UK   242,212   8,761   75   8,836   3.6
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Non-UK   53,856   3,308   232   3,540   6.6
Loans and advances at amortised cost a,b   Total   296,068   12,069   307   12,376   4.2
Financial investments   UK   54,218   651   -   651   1.2
Financial investments   Non-UK   4,316   103   -   103   2.4
Financial investments a   Total   58,534   754   -   754   1.3
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   2,832   51   20   71   2.5
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   14,507   30   374   404   2.8
Reverse repurchase agreements a   Total   17,339   81   394   475   2.7
Other interest income c   -   144   -   144   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through income statement   523,656   13,631   701   14,332   2.7
Less interest expense   -   (3,786)   (1,245)   (5,031)   -
Net interest   523,656   9,845   (544)   9,301   1.8
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   UK   81,639
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Non-UK   87,253
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Total   168,892
Total interest earning assets   692,548
Impairments   (4,700)
Non-interest earning assets a   527,193
Total   1,215,041
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the UK   37%

Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December
2017 as a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures. As part of this change the cash collateral
balances have been reflected in non-interest earning assets.


b   Loans and advances at amortised cost include all doubtful lending. Interest receivable on such
lending has been included to the extent to which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Barclays Group.


c   Other interest income principally relates to hedging activity.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 425


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Assets   2016
Average balance £m   Interest presented within net interest income £m   Interest presented elsewhere £m   Total interest £m   Rate %
Cash and balances at central banks   UK   21,792   79   -   79   0.4
Cash and balances at central banks   Non-UK   57,662   107   -   107   0.2
Cash and balances at central
banks a   Total   79,454   186   -   186   0.2
Loans and advances at amortised cost   UK   244,322   10,174   139   10,313   4.2
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Non-UK   60,483   3,383   89   3,472   5.7
Loans and advances at amortised
cost a,b   Total   304,805   13,557   228   13,785   4.5
Financial investments   UK   71,697   520   43   563   0.8
Financial investments   Non-UK   7,661   220   -   220   2.9
Financial
investments a   Total   79,358   740   43   783   1.0
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   5,949   (7)   71   64   1.1
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   14,752   34   287   321   2.2
Reverse repurchase
agreements a   Total   20,701   27   358   385   1.9
Other interest income c   -   31   -   31   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through income statement   484,318   14,541   629   15,170   3.1
Less interest expense   -   (4,004)   (214)   (4,218)   -
Net interest   484,318   10,537   415   10,952   2.3
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   UK   65,449
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Non-UK   78,470
Interest earning assets at fair value through income statement   Total   143,919
Total interest earning assets   628,237
Impairments   (4,669)
Non-interest earning
assets a   670,286
Total   1,293,854
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the
UK   35%

Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December 2017 as
a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures. As part of this change the cash collateral balances
have been reflected in non-interest earning assets.


b   Loans and advances at amortised cost include all doubtful lending. Interest receivable on such
lending has been included to the extent to which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Barclays Group.


c   Other interest income principally relates to hedging activity.


426 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2018
Average balance £m   Interest presented within net interest income £m   Interest presented elsewhere £m   Total interest £m   Rate %
Deposits at amortised cost   UK   235,002   1,301   -   1,301   0.6
Deposits at amortised cost   Non-UK   57,576   949   -   949   1.6
Deposits at amortised cost a   Total   292,578   2,250   -   2,250   0.8
Debt securities in issue   UK   48,973   1,123   -   1,123   2.3
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   32,177   554   -   554   1.7
Debt securities in issue   Total   81,150   1,677   -   1,677   2.1
Subordinated liabilities   UK   21,369   1,208   -   1,208   5.7
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   143   15   -   15   10.5
Subordinated liabilities   Total   21,512   1,223   -   1,223   5.7
Repurchase agreements   UK   13,660   157   -   157   1.1
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   6,302   23   -   23   0.4
Repurchase agreements a   Total   19,962   180   -   180   0.9
Other interest
expense b   -   149   -   149   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through
income statement   415,202   5,479   -   5,479   1.3
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement   UK   225,502
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income
statement   Non-UK   56,872
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement a   Total   282,374
Total interest bearing liabilities   697,576
Interest free customer deposits   UK   91,935
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   9,496
Interest free customer deposits   Total   101,431
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   348,803
Shareholders’ equity   61,789
Total   1,209,599
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in
offices outside the UK   22%


Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December 2017 as
a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures.


b   Other interest expense principally includes interest expense relating to hedging activity.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 427


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2017
Average balance £m   Interest presented within
net interest income £m   Interest presented elsewhere £m   Total interest £m   Rate %
Deposits at amortised cost   UK   231,651   834   21   855   0.4
Deposits at amortised cost   Non-UK   31,318   659   708   1,367   4.4
Deposits at amortised cost a   Total   262,969   1,493   729   2,222   0.8
Debt securities in issue   UK   43,632   831   -   831   1.9
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   34,819   84   -   84   0.2
Debt securities in issue   Total   78,451   915   -   915   1.2
Subordinated liabilities   UK   23,930   1,223   -   1,223   5.1
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   52   -   -   -   -
Subordinated liabilities   Total   23,982   1,223   -   1,223   5.1
Repurchase agreements   UK   22,015   22   202   224   1.0
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   15,431   24   314   338   2.2
Repurchase agreements a   Total   37,446   46   516   562   1.5
Other interest expense b   -   109   -   109   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through income statement   402,848   3,786   1,245   5,031   1.2
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement   UK   99,332
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement   Non-UK   81,565
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement a   Total   180,897
Total interest bearing liabilities   583,745
Interest free customer deposits   UK   88,813
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   9,353
Interest free customer deposits   Total   98,166
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   468,245
Shareholders’ equity   64,885
Total   1,215,041
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in offices outside the UK   28%

Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December
2017 as a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures.


b   Other interest expense principally relates to hedging activity.


428 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2016
Average balance £m   Interest presented within
net interest income £m   Interest presented elsewhere £m   Total interest £m   Rate %
Deposits at amortised cost   UK   224,246   545   (82   )   463   0.2%
Deposits at amortised cost   Non-UK   34,108   1,233   74   1,307   3.8%
Deposits at amortised cost a   Total   258,354   1,778   (8   )   1,770   0.7%
Debt securities in issue   UK   39,956   757   -   757   1.9%
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   25,712   232   -   232   0.9%
Debt securities in issue   Total   65,668   989   -   989   1.5%
Subordinated liabilities   UK   22,437   1,104   -   1,104   4.9%
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   228   -   -   -   -
Subordinated liabilities   Total   22,665   1,104   -   1,104   4.9%
Repurchase agreements   UK   13,736   116   110   226   1.6%
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   11,424   47   112   159   1.4%
Repurchase agreements a   Total   25,160   163   222   385   1.5%
Other interest expense b   -   (30   )   -   (30   )   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through income statement   371,847   4,004   214   4,218   1.1%
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement   UK   78,036
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement   Non-UK   69,976
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through income statement a   Total   148,012
Total interest bearing liabilities   519,859
Interest free customer deposits   UK   78,788
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   10,074
Interest free customer deposits   Total   88,862
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   620,637
Shareholders’ equity   64,496
Total   1,293,854
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in offices outside the UK   27%

Notes


a   The Barclays Group introduced changes to the balance sheet presentation as at 31 December
2017 as a result of the adoption of new accounting policies on 1 January 2018. Further detail on the adoption of new accounting policies can be found in Note 1, Note 42 and the Credit risk disclosures.


b   Other interest expense principally relates to hedging activity.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 429


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Changes in total interest – volume and rate analysis


The following tables allocate changes in interest between changes in volume and changes in interest rates for the last two years. Volume and rate
variances have been calculated on the movement in the average balances and the change in the interest rates on average interest earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities. Where variances have arisen from changes in both volumes and
interest rates, these have been allocated proportionately between the two.


Interest income
2018/2017
Change due to increase/(decrease) in:   2017/2016
Change due to increase/(decrease) in:
Total change   Volume   Rate   Total change   Volume   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Cash and balances at central banks   UK   150   48   102   68   94   (26   )
Cash and balances at central banks   Non-UK   390   50   340   329   104   225
Cash and balances at central banks   Total   540   98   442   397   198   199
Loans and advances at amortised cost   UK   (92   )   719   (811   )   (1,477   )   (88   )   (1,389   )
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Non-UK   (211   )   739   (950   )   68   (404   )   472
Loans and advances at amortised cost   Total   (303   )   1,458   (1,761   )   (1,409   )   (492   )   (917   )
Financial investments   UK   (651   )   nm   nm   88   (160   )   248
Financial investments   Non-UK   (103   )   nm   nm   (117   )   (84   )   (33   )
Financial investments   Total   (754   )   nm   nm   (29   )   (244   )   215
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   (69   )   (30   )   (39   )   7   (47   )   54
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   (394   )   (244   )   (150   )   83   (5   )   88
Reverse repurchase agreements   Total   (463   )   (274   )   (189   )   90   (52   )   142
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   UK   956   nm   nm   -   -   -
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income   Non-UK   73   nm   nm   -   -   -
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income   Total   1,029   nm   nm   -   -   -
Other interest income   160   160   113   -   113
Total interest receivable   209   904   (1,427   )   (838   )   (590   )   (248   )


Note


a   Included in Other is the movement related to the adoption of IFRS9 where financial investment
assets were reclassified to assets held at fair value through other comprehensive income, which is neither volume or rate driven.


Interest expense
2018/2017
Change due to increase/(decrease) in:   2017/2016
Change due to increase/(decrease) in:
Total change   Volume   Rate   Total change   Volume   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Deposits at amortised cost   UK   446   12   434   392   15   377
Deposits at amortised cost   Non-UK   (418   )   737   (1,155   )   60   (113   )   173
Deposits at amortised cost   Total   28   749   (721   )   452   (98   )   550
Debt securities in issue   UK   292   110   182   74   70   4
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   470   (6   )   476   (148   )   63   (211   )
Debt securities in issue   Total   762   104   658   (74   )   133   (207   )
Subordinated liabilities   UK   (15   )   (138   )   123   119   75   44
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   15   -   15   -   -   -
Subordinated liabilities   Total   -   (138   )   138   119   75   44
Repurchase agreements   UK   (67   )   (93   )   26   (2   )   104   (106   )
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   (315   )   (131   )   (184   )   179   68   111
Repurchase agreements   Total   (382   )   (224   )   (158   )   177   172   5
Other interest expense   40   40   139   -   139
Total interest payable   448   491   (43   )   813   282   531


430 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Credit risk additional disclosure


This section of the report contains supplementary information that is more detailed or contains longer histories than the data presented in the Risk
review section.

Risk elements in loans and advances


There are three main higher credit risk elements identified in loans and advances:


Loans assessed as Stage 3 credit impaired under IFRS 9


Stage 3 credit impaired loans are loans in default assessed for lifetime expected credit losses. Further details on the approach to expected credit
loss provisioning under IFRS 9, including the classification into stages of gross exposures and approach to the measurement of lifetime expected credit losses, can be found in Note 1
Significant Accounting Policies
.


Loans greater than 90 days past due not considered Stage 3 credit impaired


Under a US reporting framework, all accruing loans greater than 90 days past due are considered to be at higher risk of loss. Barclays Group
classifies all loans and advances past due 90 days except mortgages as Stage 3 credit impaired loans and therefore these are already considered a higher credit risk. However, in addition to Stage 3 gross loans and advances past due greater than 90
days as at 31 December 2018, there are a further £167m of Stage 2 mortgage loans between 90 to 180 days past due.


Restructured loans not included above

Restructured loans: comprises loans not included above where, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a


concession has been granted to the debtor that would not otherwise be considered. For information on restructured loans refer to disclosures


on forbearance on pages 125 to 128. Restructured loans not classified as Stage 3 credit impaired and not greater than 90 days past due
are £125m as at 31 December 2018.

These risk elements in loans and advances may be analysed between the United Kingdom and
Rest of the World as follows:


Risk elements in loans and advances
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross Stage 3 credit impaired loans (2014 to 2017: Individually impaired loans):
United Kingdom   5,150   2,648   2,688   2,747   3,090
Rest of the world   3,353   1,756   1,926   2,888   3,764
Total   8,503   4,404   4,614   5,635   6,854
Accruing gross loans which are not Stage 3 credit impaired loans and are contractually overdue 90 days or
more as to principal or interest (2014 to 2017: Accruing gross loans which are not individually impaired loans and are contractually overdue 90 days or more as to principal or interest):
United Kingdom   167   752   810   848   971
Rest of the world   -   516   664   896   941
Total   167   1,268   1,474   1,744   1,912
Other gross restructured loans (2014 to 2017 Impaired and restructured loans):
United Kingdom   10   179   217   286   559
Rest of the world   115   143   186   152   164
Total   125   322   403   438   723
Total
United Kingdom   5,327   3,579   3,715   3,881   4,620
Rest of the world   3,468   2,415   2,776   3,936   4,869
Total   8,795   5,994   6,491   7,817   9,489

Notes


a   The comparatives for 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 have been presented on an IAS 39 basis.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 431


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Interest forgone on risk elements in loans and advances
2018   2017   2016
£m   £m   £m
Interest income that would have been recognised under the original contractual terms
United Kingdom   84   87   91
Rest of the World   180   151   196
Total   264   238   287

Potential problem loans


Potential problem loans are those loans for which serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrower to continue to comply with repayment terms
in the near future.

Loans and advances at amortised cost by product on page 109 includes gross exposure and associated impairment
allowance for assets classified as Stage 2, but not past due i.e. assets satisfying the criteria for a Significant Increase in Credit Risk, but which are still complying with repayment terms.


Forbearance measures consist of concessions towards a debtor that is experiencing or is about to experience difficulties in meeting their financial
commitments. Both performing and non-performing forbearance assets are classified as Stage 3 except where it is established that the concession granted has not resulted in diminished financial obligation and that no other regulatory definition of
default criteria has been triggered, in which case the asset is classified as Stage 2. The minimum probationary period for non-performing forbearance is 12 months and for performing forbearance, 24 months. Hence, a minimum of 36 months is required
for non-performing forbearance to move out of a forborne state. Further details can be found on pages 125 to 128.

In order to assess
asset credit quality, 12-month PDs are used to map assets into strong, satisfactory, higher risk or credit impaired. A credit risk profile by internal PD grade for gross loans and advances at amortised cost and allowance for ECL is shown in the
credit risk section on page 123, analysing each of these categories by stage.

Wholesale accounts that are deemed to contain heightened
levels of risk are recorded on graded watchlists comprising four categories, graded in line with the perceived severity of the risk attached to the lending, and its probability of default. Where a counterparty’s financial health gives grounds
for concern, it is immediately placed into the appropriate category. Once an account has been placed on a watchlist, the exposure is monitored and, where appropriate, exposure reductions are effected. Further information on monitoring weaknesses in
portfolios can be found in the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2018 (unaudited).


432 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Impairment


The introduction of IFRS 9 has increased the total impairment allowance on Loans and advances held by Barclays Group by £2,450m from
£4,652m as at 31 December 2017 to £7,102m as at 1 January 2018. The comparatives for 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are presented on an IAS 39 basis.


Movements in allowance for impairment by geography
2018 a   2017   2016   2015   2014
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Allowance for impairment as at 1 January   7,102   4,620   4,921   5,455   7,258
Exchange and other adjustments   (226)   (293)   (816)   (766)   (1,187)
Amounts written off:
United Kingdom   (949)   (1,111)   (1,272)   (1,354)   (1,313)
Europe   (62)   (157)   (218)   (200)   (742)
Americas   (862)   (1,038)   (664)   (411)   (535)
Africa and Middle East   -   (9)   (20)   (300)   (423)
Asia   (18)   (14)   (19)   (12)   (24)
New and increased/(released) impairment allowance:
United Kingdom   842   1,345   1,371   1,239   1,215
Europe   84   110   260   258   420
Americas   809   1,192   1,025   590   340
Africa and Middle East   32   23   44   416   404
Asia   18   (16)   8   6   42
Allowance for impairment as at
31 December   6,770   4,652   4,620   4,921   5,455
Average loans and advances for the year   329,415   296,068   304,805   324,172   323,839

Note


a   Other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include £12m
impairment allowance relating to cash collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets


Analysis of impairment charges
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Impairment charges:
United Kingdom   742   1,138   1,130   960   1,071
Europe   48   92   242   244   392
Americas   758   1,084   921   539   339
Africa and Middle East   17   22   43   7   9
Asia   25   (16)   7   6   41
Loans and advances   1,590   2,320   2,343   1,756   1,852
Provision for undrawn contractually committed facilities and
guarantees provided   (125)   13   9   (12)   5
Loans Impairment   1,465   2,333   2,352   1,744   1,857
Cash collateral and settlement balances   (1)   -   -   -   -
Financial investments   -   3   21   18   (31)
Financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income   4   -   -   -   -
Reverse repurchase agreements   -   -   -   -   (5)
Impairment charges   1,468   2,336   2,373   1,762   1,821


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 433


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


The industry classifications in the tables below have been prepared at the
level of the borrowing entity. This means that a loan to a subsidiary of a major corporation is classified by the industry in which the subsidiary operates, even though the Parent’s predominant business may be in a different industry.


Total impairment charges on loans and advances by industry
As at 31 December   2018 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m   2014 £m
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   71   (42)   (1)   (4)   (9)
Manufacturing   (2)   (11)   39   (8)   1
Construction   -   10   7   10   8
Property   (13)   (10)   (13)   11   10
Energy and water   -   35   12   42   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   (38)   51   38   38   54
Business and other services   (97)   220   56   110   76
Home loans   1   31   (4)   27   28
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   877   856   975   735   893
Other   (57)   (2)   20   (1)   10
Total United Kingdom   742   1,138   1,129   960   1,071
Overseas   848   1,182   1,214   796   781
Total Impairment charges   1,590   2,320   2,343   1,756   1,852


Allowance for impairment by industry
2018 a   2017   2016   2015   2014
As at 31 December   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   68   1.0   11   0.2   5   0.1   10   0.2   9   0.2
Manufacturing   38   0.6   34   0.7   60   1.3   30   0.6   32   0.6
Construction   41   0.6   37   0.8   35   0.8   32   0.7   33   0.6
Property   94   1.4   48   1.0   89   1.9   122   2.5   140   2.6
Government and central bank   11   0.2   1   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Energy and water   6   0.1   108   2.3   114   2.5   90   1.8   -   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   140   2.1   186   4.0   143   3.1   124   2.5   137   2.5
Business and other services   196   2.9   482   10.4   252   5.5   238   4.8   205   3.8
Home loans   98   1.4   137   2.9   144   3.1   157   3.2   123   2.3
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   2,766   40.9   1,671   35.9   1,653   35.8   1,652   33.6   1,912   35.1
Other   102   1.5   42   0.9   49   1.1   37   0.8   61   1.1
Total United Kingdom   3,560   52.6   2,757   59.3   2,544   55.1   2,492   50.6   2,652   48.6
Overseas   3,210   47.4   1,895   40.7   2,076   44.9   2,429   49.4   2,803   51.4
Total   6,770   100.0   4,652   100.0   4,620   100.0   4,921   100.0   5,455   100.0

Note


a   Other financial assets subject to impairment not included in the table above include £12m
impairment allowance relating to cash collateral and settlement balances, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and other assets


434 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Amounts written off and recovered by industry
Amounts written off   Recoveries of amounts previously written off
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014   2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   8   2   2   3   1   2   47   1   8   11
Manufacturing   12   2   15   6   13   3   3   3   2   6
Construction   7   10   5   13   21   1   3   1   3   3
Property   46   22   18   24   19   6   1   11   13   17
Energy and water   4   32   -   -   -   -   -   2   2   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   48   23   25   94   48   15   8   5   17   13
Business and other services   227   105   52   65   59   9   9   10   15   10
Home loans   10   13   11   22   15   3   -   -   3   2
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   552   897   1,134   1,113   994   93   132   206   214   81
Other   35   5   10   14   144   7   4   2   4   4
Total United Kingdom   949   1,111   1,272   1,354   1,314   139   207   241   281   147
Overseas   942   1,218   921   923   1,723   56   127   125   119   74
Total   1,891   2,329   2,193   2,277   3,037   195   334   366   400   221
Impairment ratios
2018   2017   2016   2015   2014
%   %   %   %   %
Impairment charges as a percentage of average loans and advances   0.45   0.79   0.78   0.54   0.56
Amounts written off (net of recoveries) as a percentage of average loans and
advances   0.51   0.67   0.60   0.58   0.87
Allowance for impairment balance as a percentage of
loans and advances as at 31 December   2.03   1.42   1.32   1.36   1.47


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 435


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


 Maturity analysis of loans and advances


Maturity analysis of loans and advances at amortised cost
On demand   Not more than three months   Over three months but not more than six months   Over six months but not more than one year   Over one year but not more than three years   Over three years but not more than five years   Over five years but not more than ten years   Over ten years   Total
As at 31 December 2018   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom
Corporate lending   1,146   2,132   1,070   2,915   14,998   13,361   7,328   23,323   66,273
Other lending to customers in the United Kingdom   4,108   2,823   3,164   3,881   13,796   12,268   29,539   107,824   177,403
Total United Kingdom   5,254   4,955   4,234   6,796   28,794   25,629   36,867   131,147   243,676
Europe   2,788   1,995   1,127   2,057   8,515   3,947   3,347   4,968   28,744
Americas   4,334   2,247   1,710   3,294   13,872   9,951   9,150   7,274   51,832
Africa and Middle East   362   667   564   198   746   502   110   370   3,519
Asia   712   1,676   543   516   1,115   380   191   272   5,405
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   13,450   11,540   8,178   12,861   53,042   40,409   49,665   144,031   333,176
As at 31 December 2017
United Kingdom
Corporate lending   2,682   4,364   1,844   3,273   26,251   12,797   4,860   13,253   69,324
Other lending to customers in the United Kingdom   3,780   4,214   3,278   5,060   18,055   15,847   35,346   87,955   173,535
Total United Kingdom   6,462   8,578   5,122   8,333   44,306   28,644   40,206   101,208   242,859
Europe   4,992   3,552   1,102   1,548   6,720   3,313   2,622   3,923   27,772
Americas   1,988   10,500   2,571   3,949   10,805   7,236   5,652   6,390   49,091
Africa and Middle East   405   1,327   172   226   837   274   102   124   3,467
Asia   1,040   1,982   865   626   433   285   95   185   5,511
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   14,887   25,939   9,832   14,682   63,101   39,752   48,677   111,830   328,700


436 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Industrial and geographical concentrations of loans and advances


Loans and advances at amortised cost by industry
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   28,237   35,654   49,648   46,335   49,512
Manufacturing   8,849   9,193   12,198   12,012   11,040
Construction   2,802   3,284   3,525   3,798   3,762
Property   20,933   20,364   20,831   19,982   19,486
Government and central bank   12,776   9,090   9,312   3,114   3,385
Energy and water   5,582   5,644   7,154   7,172   7,170
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   11,809   12,605   13,070   13,908   13,600
Business and other services   19,989   20,381   21,390   23,590   21,910
Home loans   150,735   147,460   145,184   156,384   167,519
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   60,561   57,245   59,851   63,217   58,914
Other   10,903   7,780   8,357   12,996   15,632
Loans and advances at amortised cost   333,176   328,700   350,520   362,508   371,930
Loans and advances at amortised cost in the UK
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   6,200   6,233   8,200   8,556   8,382
Manufacturing   4,440   6,198   6,816   5,696   6,059
Construction   2,593   3,025   3,254   3,164   2,957
Property   18,036   18,168   18,145   15,556   15,040
Government and central bank   7,867   7,906   7,226   1,048   849
Energy and water   2,668   2,501   2,229   1,860   1,661
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   9,970   10,617   10,586   10,378   9,986
Business and other services   15,092   16,385   16,425   16,311   13,884
Home loans   138,323   134,820   131,945   132,324   132,863
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   31,139   30,786   31,260   30,452   28,061
Other   7,348   6,220   6,464   6,431   8,828
Loans and advances at amortised cost in the
UK   243,676   242,859   242,550   231,776   228,570
Loans and advances at amortised cost in Europe
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   5,950   6,143   5,541   5,659   6,641
Manufacturing   1,335   1,347   2,522   2,173   1,543
Construction   85   80   30   68   193
Property   716   734   1,047   795   1,174
Government and central bank   1,778   323   702   488   783
Energy and water   676   621   1,217   775   1,942
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   735   808   907   710   1,095
Business and other services   991   1,023   1,014   1,260   1,503
Home loans   10,563   11,578   12,189   12,503   19,933
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   5,076   4,483   4,283   5,047   5,226
Other   839   632   385   1,489   1,369
Loans and advances at amortised cost in
Europe   28,744   27,772   29,837   30,967   41,402


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 437


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Loans and advances at amortised cost in the Americas
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   12,458   18,559   30,348   23,446   22,239
Manufacturing   2,426   1,262   2,348   1,424   1,136
Construction   71   147   204   120   114
Property   2,097   1,272   1,463   1,709   1,500
Government and central bank   2,869   —   162   91   315
Energy and water   1,667   1,986   2,709   2,780   2,206
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   613   660   949   815   478
Business and other services   2,973   2,629   3,322   2,997   2,808
Home loans   715   567   595   624   770
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   23,756   21,486   23,700   18,140   15,666
Other   2,187   523   828   1,328   1,740
Loans and advances at amortised cost in the
Americas   51,832   49,091   66,628   53,474   48,972
Loans and advances at amortised cost in Africa and Middle East
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   1,319   1,066   1,065   3,625   6,355
Manufacturing   51   13   60   2,320   1,856
Construction   —   —   2   363   403
Property   55   112   80   1,755   1,577
Government and central bank   262   860   1,031   1,450   1,324
Energy and water   200   252   494   1,025   645
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   123   219   328   1,837   1,831
Business and other services   221   64   237   2,683   3,359
Home loans   698   378   357   10,689   13,591
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   494   406   494   8,081   8,605
Other   96   97   200   3,026   3,210
Loans and advances at amortised cost in Africa and Middle
East   3,519   3,467   4,348   36,854   42,756
Loans and advances at amortised cost in Asia
2018   2017 a   2016 a   2015 a   2014 a
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   2,310   3,653   4,494   5,049   5,895
Manufacturing   597   373   452   399   446
Construction   53   32   35   83   95
Property   29   78   96   167   195
Government and central bank   —   1   191   37   114
Energy and water   371   284   505   732   716
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   368   301   300   168   210
Business and other services   712   280   392   339   356
Home loans   436   117   98   244   362
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   96   84   114   1,497   1,356
Other   433   308   480   722   485
Loans and advances at amortised cost in Asia   5,405   5,511   7,157   9,437   10,230

Notes


a   The comparatives for 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014 have been presented on an IAS 39 basis.


438 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Interest rate sensitivity of gross loans and advances at amortised cost
2018   2017
Fixed rate   Variable rate   Total   Fixed rate   Variable rate   Total
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Gross loans and advances at amortised cost   125,404   207,772   333,176   110,276   218,424   328,700


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 439


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Foreign outstandings in currencies other than the local currency of the borrower for countries where this exceeds 0.75% of total
Group assets
As % of assets   Total   Banks and other financial institutions   Government and official institutions   Commercial industrial and other private sectors
%   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2018 a
United States   15.8   178,276   10,828   17,322   150,126
Germany   3.0   31,091   13,591   17,500   -
France   4.3   42,468   29,558   3,848   9,062
Cayman Islands   1.4   11,747   -   -   11,747
Netherlands   0.8   6,067   761   784   4,522
Canada   0.8   9,282   1,093   1,287   6,902
As at 31 December 2017 a
United States   12.8   137,943   10,054   10,294   117,595
Germany   2.4   24,319   9,618   9,958   4,743
France   4.3   41,740   26,046   4,937   10,757
Cayman Islands   2.2   16,408   -   -   16,408
Switzerland   1.0   11,683   547   9,442   1,694
Netherlands   0.8   7,154   26   1,825   5,303
Spain   0.8   7,961   5,059   1,603   1,299
Hong Kong   0.9   9,931   465   24   9,442
As at 31 December 2016 a
United States   7.9   96,802   11,749   10,149   74,904
Germany   1.6   18,044   10,204   4,685   3,155
France   2.9   33,098   20,584   4,182   8,332
Cayman Islands   2.1   16,312   28   2   16,282
Switzerland   0.8   10,168   652   7,533   1,983

Note


a   Figures are net of short securities.


Off-balance sheet and other credit exposures
2018   2017   2016
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m
Off-balance sheet exposures
Contingent liabilities   20,303   19,012   19,939
Commitments   324,223   315,573   303,686
On-balance sheet exposures
Trading portfolio assets   104,187   113,760   80,240
Financial assets at fair value through the income statement   149,648   116,281   78,608
Derivative financial instruments   222,538   237,669   346,626
Financial investments   -   58,915   63,317
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income   52,816   -   -


440 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Notional principal amounts of credit derivatives
2018   2017   2016
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m
Credit derivatives held or issued for trading purposes a   759,075   715,001   947,800

Note


a   Includes credit derivatives held as economic hedges which are not designated as hedges for
accounting purposes.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 441


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Related party transactions additional disclosure


For US disclosure purposes, the aggregate emoluments of all Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC who held office during the year (2018: 24
persons, 2017: 30 persons, 2016: 32 persons) for the year ended 31 December 2018 amounted to £64.3m (2017: £88.7m, 2016: £71.0m). In addition, the aggregate amount set aside for the year ended 31 December 2018, to provide
pension benefits for the Directors and Officers amounted to £nil (2017: £0.1m, 2016: £0.2m).


442 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Shareholder information


Barclays shareholding


Key dates 5 April 2019 Full year dividend payment date 25 April 2019 Q1 Results
Announcement 2 May 2019 Annual General Meeting, at 11.00am 17 September 2019 Half
year dividend payment date Annual General Meeting (AGM) This year’s AGM will be held at the QEII Centre, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, London SW1P 3EE, on Thursday, 2 May 2019 at
11.00am. The Chairman and Chief Executive will update shareholders
on our performance in 2018 and our goals for 2019. Shareholders will also have the opportunity to ask the Board questions at the meeting.

Keep your personal details up to date


Please remember to tell Equiniti if:


◾   you move


◾   you need to update your bank or building society details.

If you are a
Shareview member, you can update your bank or building society account or address details online. If you hold 2,500 shares or less, you can update details quickly and easily over the telephone using the Equiniti contact details overleaf. If you hold
more than 2,500 shares you will need to write to Equiniti. You must provide a copy of your share certificate, Sharestore statement or most recent dividend confirmation. If these are not available, you will need to provide a copy of a utility bill or
bank statement dated in the last three months.

Dividends


The Barclays PLC 2018 full year dividend for the year ended 31 December 2018 will be 4.0p per share, making the 2018 total dividend 6.5p.


Barclays understands the importance of the ordinary dividend for our shareholders. Barclays is therefore committed to maintaining an appropriate
balance between total cash returns to shareholders, investing in the business, and maintaining a strong capital position.


Going forward, Barclays intends to pay an annual ordinary dividend that takes into account these
objectives, and the medium-term earnings outlook of the Barclays Group. It is also the Board’s intention to supplement the ordinary dividends with additional returns to shareholders as and when appropriate.


The Board notes that in determining any proposed distributions to shareholders, the Board will consider the expectation of servicing more senior
securities.

Save time and receive your dividends faster by choosing to have them paid
directly into your bank or building society account


It is easy to set up and your money will be in your bank account on the
dividend payment date. If you hold 2,500 shares or less, you can provide your bank or building society details quickly and easily over the telephone using the Equiniti contact details overleaf. If you hold more than 2,500 shares, please contact
Equiniti for details of how to change your payment instruction.


Scrip Dividend Programme


Shareholders can choose to have their dividends reinvested in new ordinary Barclays shares through the Scrip Dividend Programme.


More information, including the Terms and Conditions and application form, are available on our website.


Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F 443


Shareholder information


Barclays shareholding


Shareholder security
Shareholders should
be wary of any cold calls with an offer to buy or sell shares. Fraudsters use persuasive and high- pressure techniques to lure shareholders into high-risk investments or scams. You should treat any unsolicited calls with caution.
Please keep in mind
that firms authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) are unlikely to contact you out of the blue. You should consider getting independent financial or professional advice from someone unconnected to the respective firm before you hand over
any money.
Report a scam
If you suspect that you have been approached by fraudsters please tell the FCA using the share fraud reporting form at fca.org.uk/scams. You can
also call the FCA Helpline on 0800 111 6768 or through Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.


Alternative formats
Shareholder documents can be provided in large print, audio CD or Braille free of charge by calling
Equiniti. 0371 384 2055 a
(in the UK)
+44 121 415 7004
(from overseas)
Audio versions of the
Strategic Report will also be available at the AGM


Managing your shares online


Shareview

Barclays
shareholders can go online to manage their shareholding and find out about

Barclays performance by joining Shareview.


Through Shareview, you:


◾   will receive the latest updates from Barclays direct to your email


◾   can update your address and bank details online


◾   can vote in advance of general meetings.

To join Shareview, please
follow these three easy steps:


Step 1   Go to portfolio.shareview.co.uk
Step 2   Register for electronic communications by following the instructions on screen
Step 3   You will be sent an activation code in the post the next working day


Returning funds to shareholders Over 60,000 shareholders did not cash their Shares Not Taken Up (SNTU) cheque following the Rights Issue in September 2013. In
2018, we continued the tracing process to reunite these shareholders with their SNTU monies and any unclaimed dividends and by the end of the year, we had returned approximately £65,000 to our shareholders, in addition to the approximately
£212,000 returned in 2017, £1.65m returned in 2016 and £2.2m in 2015.


Donations to charity We launched a Share Dealing Service in October 2017 aimed at shareholders with relatively small shareholdings for whom it might
otherwise be uneconomical to deal. One option open to shareholders was to donate their sale proceeds to ShareGift. As a result of this initiative, £46,957 was donated in 2018, taking the total donated since 2015 to over
£345,000.


Useful contact details
Equiniti


The Barclays share register is maintained by Equiniti. If you have any questions about your Barclays shares, please contact
Equiniti by visiting shareview.co.uk
Equiniti
0371 384 2055 a
(in the UK)
+44 121 415 7004
(from overseas)
0371 384 2255 a
(for the hearing impaired in the UK)
+44 121 415 7028
(for the hearing impaired from overseas)
Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex BN99 6DA


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)
ADRs represent the ownership of Barclays PLC shares which are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. ADRs carry prices, and pay dividends, in US
dollars.


If you have any questions about ADRs, please contact J.P.Morgan:
jpmorgan.adr@eq-us.com
or visit adr.com
J.P.Morgan Shareholder Services
+1 800 990 1135
(toll free in US and Canada)
+1 651 453 2128
(outside the US and Canada)
JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A.
PO Box 64504
St Paul
MN 55164-0504
USA


Shareholder Relations


To give us your feedback or if you have any questions, please contact:
privateshareholderrelations@barclays.com
Barclays PLC 1
Churchill Place
London E14 5HP


Share
price


Information on the Barclays share price and other share price tools are available at: home.barclays/investorrelations


Note


a Lines open 8.30am to 5.30pm (UK time) Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays.


444 Barclays PLC 2018 Annual Report on Form 20-F


This
report is printed on Cocoon Preprint made from 100% FSC
®
 Recycled certified fibre sourced from
de-inked
 post-consumer waste. The printer and the
manufacturing mill are both credited with ISO14001 Environmental Management Systems Standard and both are FSC
®
 certified. By printing this publication on Cocoon Preprint, the environmental
impact was reduced by: 5,865 kg of landfill, 867 kg CO
2
 and greenhouse gases, 171,542 litres of water, 10,078 kWh of energy and 9,530 kg of wood.


Source: Carbon footprint data evaluated by Labelia Conseil in accordance with the Bilan Carbone methodology. Calculations are based on a comparison
between the recycled paper used versus a virgin fibre paper according to the latest European BREF data (virgin fibre paper) available.


EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit   Description
1.1   Articles of Association of Barclays PLC (incorporated by reference to the Form 6-K filed on May
2 nd , 2013)
2.1   Long Term Debt Instruments: Barclays PLC is not party to any single instrument relating to long-term debt pursuant to which a total amount of securities exceeding 10% of its total assets (on a consolidated basis) is authorised to be
issued. Barclays PLC hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”), upon its request, a copy of any instrument defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt or the rights of holders of the
long-term debt of any of its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed with the Commission.
4.2   Rules of the Barclays Group Share Value Plan (incorporated by reference to the 2013 Form 20-F filed on
 March 14 th . 2014)
4.3   Rules of the Barclays PLC Long Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Barclays PLC Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File no. 333-173899) filed on May 3 rd , 2011)
4.4   Rules of the Barclays Group Deferred Share Value Plan (incorporated by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed
 on February 23 rd , 2017)
4.5   Contract of Employment – Tushar Morzaria (incorporated by reference to the 2014 Form 20-F filed on
 March 14 th , 2014)
4.6   Appointment Letter – John McFarlane (incorporated by reference to the 2014 Form 20-F filed on March
 3 rd , 2015)
4.7   Contract of employment – James E Staley (incorporated by reference to the 2015 Form 20-F filed on
March 1 st , 2016)
4.8   Transfer of Employment – James E Staley (incorporated by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on
February 23 rd , 2017)
4.9   Transfer of Employment – Tushar Morzaria (incorporated by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on
 February 23 rd , 2017)
4.10   Appointment Letter – Crawford Gillies
4.11   Appointment Letter – Dambisa Moyo
4.12   Appointment Letter – Diane Schueneman
4.13   Appointment Letter – Sir Gerry Grimstone
4.14   Appointment Letter – Sir Ian Cheshire
4.15   Appointment Letter – Mary Anne Citrino
4.16   Appointment Letter – Mary Francis
4.17   Appointment Letter – Matthew Lester
4.18   Appointment Letter – Mike Ashley
4.19   Appointment Letter – Mike Turner
4.20   Appointment Letter – Rueben Jeffrey
4.21   Appointment Letter – Tim Breedon
8.1   List of subsidiaries. The list of subsidiaries of Barclays PLC can be found on pages 332 to 335 of the Form 20-F.


11.1   Code of Ethics
12.1   Certifications filed pursuant to 17 CFR 240. 13(a)-14(a)
13.1   Certifications filed pursuant to 17 CFR 240. 13(a) and 18 U.S.C 1350(a) and 1350(b)
15.1   Consent of KPMG LLP for incorporation by reference of reports in certain securities registration statements of Barclays PLC.
15.2   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for incorporation by reference of reports in certain securities registration statements of Barclays PLC.
99.1   A table setting forth the issued share capital of Barclays Group’s total shareholders’ equity, indebtedness and contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2018.
101.INS   XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Calculation Linkbase
101.DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Definition Linkbase
101.LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Label Linkbase
101.PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Presentation Linkbase


Signatures

The registrant hereby
certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.


Date February 21, 2019   Barclays PLC (Registrant)
By   /s/ Tushar Morzaria
Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director

