

20-F

1

d529811d20f.htm

20-F


20-F


UNITED STATES


SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)


☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


OR


☑   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the
fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017


OR


☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the
transition
period
 from

 to


OR


☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of event requiring this shell company report


Commission file numbers   Barclays PLC   1-09246
Barclays Bank PLC   1-10257

BARCLAYS PLC


BARCLAYS BANK PLC

(Exact Names of Registrants as
Specified in their Charter[s])

ENGLAND


(Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)

1
CHURCHILL PLACE, LONDON E14 5HP, ENGLAND

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)


GARTH WRIGHT, +44 (0)20 7116 3170, GARTH.WRIGHT@BARCLAYS.COM


1 CHURCHILL PLACE, LONDON E14 5HP, ENGLAND


*(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)


Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


Barclays PLC


Title of Each Cl ass   Name of Each Exchange On Which Registe red
25p ordinary shares   New York Stock Exchange*
American Depositary Shares, each representing four 25p ordinary shares   New York Stock Exchange
4.375% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2024   New York Stock Exchange
2.75% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2019   New York Stock Exchange
2.00% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2018   New York Stock Exchange
3.65% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2025   New York Stock Exchange
2.875% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2020   New York Stock Exchange
5.25% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2045   New York Stock Exchange
3.25% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
4.375% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2026   New York Stock Exchange
5.20% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2026   New York Stock Exchange
3.20% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
3.684% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2023   New York Stock Exchange
4.337% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2028   New York Stock Exchange
4.950% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2047   New York Stock Exchange
4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes due 2028   New York Stock Exchange
3.250% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2033   New York Stock Exchange


*   Not for trading, but in connection with the registration of American Depository Shares, pursuant to the requirements to the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Barclays Bank PLC


Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered
Callable Floating Rate Notes 2035   New York Stock Exchange
2.650% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Floating Rate Notes due 2021   New York Stock Exchange
Non-Cumulative Callable Dollar Preference Shares, Series 5   New York Stock Exchange*
American Depository Shares, Series 5, each representing one Non-Cumulative Callable Dollar Preference Share, Series 5   New York Stock Exchange
5.140% Lower Tier 2 Notes due October 2020   New York Stock Exchange
iPath ® Bloomberg Commodity Index Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Agriculture Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Aluminum Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Cocoa Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Coffee Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Copper Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Cotton Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Energy Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Grains Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Industrial Metals Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Lead Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Livestock Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Natural Gas Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Nickel Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Platinum Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Precious Metals Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Softs Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Sugar Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Bloomberg Tin Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® S&P GSCI ® Total Return Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® S&P GSCI ® Crude Oil Total Return Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® MSCI India Index SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® EUR/USD Exchange Rate ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® GBP/USD Exchange Rate ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® JPY/USD Exchange Rate ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures TM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term Futures TM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Inverse S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures TM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Long Extended Russell 1000 ® TR Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Long Extended Russell 2000 ® TR Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Long Enhanced MSCI EAFE ® TR Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Long Enhanced MSCI Emerging Markets Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Long Extended S&P 500 ® TR Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Global Carbon ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Optimized Currency Carry ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® US Treasury Steepener ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury Flattener ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury 2-year Bull ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury 2-year Bear ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury 10-year Bull ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury 10-year Bear ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury Long Bond Bull ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury Long Bond Bear ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® Pure Beta Broad Commodity ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta S&P GSCI ® -Weighted ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Cocoa ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Coffee ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Cotton ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Sugar ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Aluminum ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Copper ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Lead ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Nickel ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Crude Oil ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Seasonal Natural Gas ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Agriculture ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Grains ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Softs ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Industrial Metals ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Energy ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Livestock ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Pure Beta Precious Metals ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® US Treasury 5-year Bull ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® US Treasury 5-year Bear ETN   NASDAQ
iPath ® S&P 500 Dynamic VIX ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Inverse S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures TM ETN (II)   NYSE Arca
iPath ® GEMS IndexTM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® GEMS Asia 8 ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Asian and Gulf Currency Revaluation ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® S&P MLP ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B S&P GCSI Crude Oil Return Index ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Agriculture Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Aluminum Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Coffee Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Copper Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Cotton Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Energy Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Grains Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Industrial Metals Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Livestock Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Nickel Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Platinum Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Precious Metals Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Softs Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Sugar Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Tin Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B Bloomberg Natural Gas Subindex Total Return SM ETN   NYSE Arca
iPath ® Series B S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures TM ETNs   CBOE BZX Exchange
iPath ® Series B S&P 500 VIX Mid-Term Futures TM ETNs   CBOE BZX Exchange
Barclays ETN+ S&P 500 ® VEQTOR™ ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays ETN+ Shiller CAPE TM ETNs   NYSE Arca
Barclays ETN+ Select MLP ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Global High Yield ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays ETN+ FI Enhanced Europe 50 ETN Series B   NYSE Arca
Barclays Women in Leadership ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays Return on Disability ETN   NYSE Arca
Barclays Inverse US Treasury Composite ETN   NASDAQ


*   Not for trading, but in connection with the registration of American Depository Shares, pursuant to the requirements to the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None


Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuers’ classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the
annual report.


Barclays PLC   25p ordinary shares   16,804,603,949
Barclays Bank PLC   £1 ordinary shares   2,342,558,515
£1 preference shares   1,000
€ 100 preference shares   31,856
$0.25 preference shares   106,000,000
$100 preference shares   58,133

Indicate by check mark if each registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


Yes
☑
  No
☐


If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrants are not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 1934.

Yes
☐
  No
☑


Note—Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrants: (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes

☑
  No
☐


Indicate by check
mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically and posted on their corporate Web sites, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes
☐
  No
☐


Indicate by check mark
whether each registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Barclays PLC


Large Accelerated Filer ☑   Accelerated Filer ☐   Non-Accelerated Filer ☐   Emerging growth company ☐

Barclays Bank PLC


Large Accelerated Filer ☐   Accelerated Filer ☐   Non-Accelerated Filer ☑   Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards* provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

☐


†   The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

*Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:


U.S. GAAP
☐


International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
☑


Other
☐


*If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which
financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow:

Item 17
☐


Item 18
☐


If this is an
annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐
  No
☑


(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS.)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by
Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.


Yes
☐
  No
☐


SEC Form 20-F Cross reference information
Form 20-F item number   Page and caption references in this document*
1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not applicable
2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not applicable
3   Key Information
A.  Selected financial data   166, 168, 211, 275-276, 409-410
B.  Capitalization and indebtedness   Not applicable
C.   Reason for the offer and use of proceeds   Not applicable
D.   Risk factors   79-84
4   Information on the Company
A.  History and development of the company   162,204 (Note 6), 206 (Note 9), 216 (Note 16), 264 (Note 38), 265-266 (Note 39), 269- 271 (Note 43), 272-274, 388-389,
B.  Business overview   ii (Market and other data), 155-162, 170-180, 201-202 (Note 2), 239-247 (Note 29)
C.   Organizational structure   162, 260-261 (Note 36), 295-300 (Note 45)
D.   Property, plants and equipment   231 (Note 21), 233-234 (Note 23), 236 (Note 25)
4A   Unresolved staff comments   Not applicable
5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
A.  Operating results   79, 82, 143, 155-162, 164-180, 213-215 (Note 15), 239-247 (Note 29), 347
B.  Liquidity and capital resources   100, 113-114, 116, 124-136, 137-143, 192, 213-215 (Note 15), 239 (Note 28), 248-251 (Note 30), 251 (Note 31), 261, 264 (Note 38), 265-266 (Note 39), 343-349, 362-365
C.   Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.   44
D.   Trend information   –
E.  Off-balance sheet arrangements   239 (Note 28), 261-264 (Note 37), 265-266 (Note 39)
F.   Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations   364-365
G.   Safe harbor   ii (Forward-looking statements)
6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees
A.  Directors and senior management   5-6, 286-289
B.  Compensation   51-71, 253-254 (Note 34), 255-259 (Note 35), 267-268 (Note 41), 385, 408
C.   Board practices   5-6, 13, 57-60, 70-71, 72
D.   Employees   47, 48, 170, 173, 177, 178
E.  Share ownership   51-71, 253-254 (Note 34), 267-268 (Note 41), 292-294
7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
A.  Major shareholders   45, 284-285
B.  Related party transactions   179, 267-268 (Note 41), 300, 385, 408
C.   Interests of experts and counsel   Not applicable
8   Financial Information
A.  Consolidated statements and other financial information   188-192, 211 (Note 12), 239-247 (Note 29), 251 (Note 31), 195-271, 273, 275-276, 386- 387, 404-406
B.  Significant changes   Not applicable
9   The Offer and Listing
A.  Offer and listing details   275-276
B.  Plan of distribution   Not applicable
C.   Markets   275
D.   Selling shareholders   Not applicable
E.  Dilution   Not applicable
F.   Expenses of the issue   Not applicable
10   Additional Information
A.  Share capital   Not applicable
B.  Memorandum and Articles of Association   43-46, 272-274
C.   Material contracts   57-60
D.   Exchange controls   279
E.  Taxation   277-279
F.   Dividends and paying assets   Not applicable
G.   Statement by experts   Not applicable
H.   Documents on display   279
I.    Subsidiary information   260-261 (Note 36), 295-300
11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk   87, 118-121, 143-144, 146-148, 331-337
12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
A.  Debt Securities   Not applicable
B.  Warrants and Rights   Not applicable
C.   Other Securities   Not applicable
D.   American Depositary Shares   275-276, 280-281
13   Defaults, Dividends Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not applicable
14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not applicable


15   Controls and Procedures
A.  Disclosure controls and procedures   286
B.  Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting   41
C.   Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm   186
D.   Changes in internal control over financial reporting   41
16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   12
16B   Code of Ethics   283
16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   19-20, 269 (Note 42), 282
16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not applicable
16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   46,251
16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not applicable
16G   Corporate Governance   283
17   Financial Statements   Not applicable (See Item 8)
18   Financial Statements   Not applicable (See Item 8)
19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index


*   Captions have been included only in respect of pages with multiple sections on the same page in order to identify the relevant caption on that page covered by the corresponding Form 20-F item
number.


Positioned for growth,


sharing and success


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes

The terms Barclays or Group
refer to Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries. Unless otherwise stated, the income statement analysis compares the year ended 31 December 2017 to the corresponding twelve months of 2016 and balance sheet analysis as at 31 December
2017 with comparatives relating to 31 December 2016. The abbreviations ‘£m’ and ‘£bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Pounds Sterling respectively; the abbreviations ‘$m’ and
‘$bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of US Dollars respectively; and the abbreviations ‘
€
m’ and
‘
€
bn’ represent millions and thousands of millions of Euros respectively.

The information in this
announcement, which was approved by the Board of Directors on 21 February 2018, does not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. Statutory accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017, which
includes certain information required for the Joint Annual Report on Form 20-F of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC to the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and which contain an unqualified audit report under Section 495 of the
Companies Act 2006 (which does not make any statements under Section 498 of the Companies Act 2006) will be delivered to the Registrar of Companies in accordance with Section 441 of the Companies Act 2006.


Barclays is a frequent issuer in the debt capital markets and regularly meets with investors via formal road-shows and other ad hoc meetings. Consistent with its usual
practice, Barclays expects that from time to time over the coming quarter it will meet with investors globally to discuss these results and other matters relating to the Group.


Certain non-IFRS measures

Barclays management believes that the non-IFRS
performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the business’ performance between financial
periods, and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in
which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well.
Refer to the appendix on pages 181 to 183 for further information, reconciliations and calculations of non-IFRS performance measures included throughout this document, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures.


There are a number of key judgement areas, for example impairment calculations, which are based on models and which are subject to ongoing adjustment and
modifications. Reported numbers reflect best estimates and judgements at the given point in time.

Key non-IFRS measures included in this document, and the most
directly comparable IFRS measures, are:

– Average allocated equity represents the average shareholders’ equity that is allocated to the businesses. The
comparable IFRS measure is average equity. A reconciliation is provided on page iii;

– Average allocated tangible equity is calculated as the average of the
previous month’s period end allocated tangible equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter/year is the average of the monthly averages within
that quarter/year. Period end allocated tangible equity is calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded risk weighted assets for each business, adjusted for CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible
assets, reflecting the assumptions the Group uses for capital planning purposes. The comparable IFRS measure is average equity. A reconciliation is provided on page iii;


– Average tangible equity is calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible equity and the current month’s period end tangible
equity. Period end tangible equity is calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded risk weighted assets, adjusted for CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Group
uses for capital planning purposes. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter/year is the average of the monthly averages within that quarter/year. The comparable IFRS measure is average equity. A reconciliation is provided on
page iii;

– Basic earnings per ordinary share excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US
DTAs represents attributable profit excluding the impact of excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs divided by the basic weighted average number of shares in issue. The
comparable IFRS measure is basic earnings per share. A reconciliation is provided on page 183;

– Operating expenses excluding UK Bank Levy and litigation and
conduct charges represents operating expenses excluding the impact of UK Bank Levy and the impact of charges for litigation and conduct. The comparable IFRS measure is operating expenses. A reconciliation to IFRS is provided on page 183;


– Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the
re-measurement of US DTAs represents profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders excluding the impact of charges for litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs. The comparable
IFRS measure is attributable profit. A reconciliation to IFRS is provided on page 183;

– Profit before tax excluding impairment of Barclays’ holding in
BAGL and loss on sale of BAGL represents profit/(loss) before tax excluding the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL and loss on sale of BAGL. The comparable IFRS measure is profit before tax. A reconciliation to IFRS is provided on page
179;


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F
i


– Return on average allocated equity represents the return on shareholders’ equity that is allocated to the
businesses. The comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page iv;

– Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity
excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs BAGL is calculated as profit attributable to ordinary equity holders excluding the impact of charges for litigation and conduct,
losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs BAGL, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The
comparable IFRS measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page 183;

– Return on average allocated tangible equity is calculated as the
annualised statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The comparable IFRS
measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page iv;

– Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity is calculated as the annualised
statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average tangible shareholders’ equity. The comparable IFRS
measure is return on equity. A reconciliation is provided on page iv;

– Tangible net asset value per share is calculated by dividing shareholders equity,
excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 183; and


– Transitional CET1 ratio according to FSA October 2012. This measure is calculated by taking into account the statement of the Financial Services Authority, the
predecessor of the Prudential Regulation Authority, on CRD IV transitional provisions in October 2012, assuming such provisions were applied as at 1 January 2014. This ratio is used as the relevant measure starting 1 January 2014 for
purposes of determining whether the automatic write-down trigger (specified as a Transitional CET1 ratio according to FSA October 2012 of less than 7.00%) has occurred under the terms of the Contingent Capital Notes issued by Barclays Bank PLC on
November 21, 2012 (CUSIP: 06740L8C2) and April 10, 2013 (CUSIP: 06739FHK0). Please refer to page 139 for a reconciliation of this measure to CRD IV CET1 ratio.


Forward-looking statements

This document contains certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Group. Barclays cautions readers that no
forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘seek’, ‘continue’, ‘aim’,
‘anticipate’, ‘target’, ‘projected’, ‘expect’, ‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘goal’, ‘believe’, ‘achieve’ or other words of similar meaning. Examples
of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance regarding or relating to the Group’s future financial position, income growth, assets, impairment charges, provisions, business strategy, structural reform, capital,
leverage and other regulatory ratios, payment of dividends (including dividend payout ratios and expected payment strategies), projected levels of growth in the banking and financial markets, projected costs or savings, any commitments and targets
and the impact of any regulatory deconsolidation resulting from the sell down of the Group’s interest in Barclays Africa Group Limited, estimates of capital expenditures and plans and objectives for future operations, projected employee
numbers, IFRS 9 impacts and other statements that are not historical fact. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and circumstances. These may be affected by changes in
legislation, the development of standards and interpretations under International Financial Reporting Standards including the implementation of IFRS 9, evolving practices with regard to the interpretation and application of accounting and regulatory
standards, the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, future levels of conduct provisions, the policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities, geopolitical risks and the impact of competition.
In addition, factors including (but not limited to) the following may have an effect: capital, leverage and other regulatory rules (including with regard to the future structure of the Group) applicable to past, current and future periods; UK, US,
Africa, Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business conditions; the effects of continued volatility in credit markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates; effects of changes in valuation of credit
market exposures; changes in valuation of issued securities; volatility in capital markets; changes in credit ratings of any entities within the Group or any securities issued by such entities; the potential for one or more countries exiting the
Eurozone; the implications of the exercise by the United Kingdom of Article 50 of the Treaty of Lisbon and the disruption that may result in the UK and globally from the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union and the success of
future acquisitions, disposals and other strategic transactions. A number of these influences and factors are beyond the Group’s control. As a result, the Group’s actual future results, dividend payments, and capital and leverage ratios
may differ materially from the plans, goals, expectations and guidance set forth in the Group’s forward-looking statements. Additional risks and factors which may impact the Group’s future financial condition and performance are identified
in our filings with the SEC (including, without limitation, our annual report on form 20-F for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2017), which will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.


Subject to our obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of the United Kingdom and the United States in relation to disclosure and ongoing
information, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


Market and other data

This document contains
information, including statistical data, about certain Barclays markets and its competitive position. Except as otherwise indicated, this information is taken or derived from Datastream and other external sources. Barclays cannot guarantee the
accuracy of information taken from external sources, or that, in respect of internal estimates, a third party using different methods would obtain the same estimates as Barclays.


Uses of Internet addresses

This document contains inactive
textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only, and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.


References to Pillar 3 report

This document
contains references throughout to Barclays annual risk report, the Pillar 3. Reference to the aforementioned report is made for information purposes only, and information found in said report is not incorporated by reference into this document.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F
ii


Average allocated equity a   2017 £bn   2016 £bn   2015 £bn
Barclays UK   13.6   13.4   13.7
Corporate and Investment Bank   24.9   23.2   23.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   5.6   5.0   4.0
Barclays International   30.5   28.2   27.1
Head Office b   10.6   8.0   3.9
Barclays Non-Core   2.4   7.8   11.2
Barclays Group   57.1   57.4   55.9
Effect of Goodwill and intangibles   £bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays UK   (4.4)   (4.5)   (4.4)
Corporate and Investment Bank   (1.0)   (1.4)   (1.2)
Consumer, Cards and Payments   (1.4)   (1.3)   (1.0)
Barclays International   (2.4)   (2.7)   (2.2)
Head Office b   (1.4)   (1.4)   (1.3)
Barclays Non-Core   (0.0)   (0.1)   (0.3)
Barclays Group   (8.2)   (8.7)   (8.2)
Average allocated tangible equity c   £bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays UK   9.1   8.9   9.3
Corporate and Investment Bank   24.0   21.9   21.9
Consumer, Cards and Payments   4.2   3.6   3.0
Barclays International   28.1   25.5   24.9
Head Office b   9.3   6.5   2.6
Barclays Non-Core   2.4   7.8   10.9
Barclays Group   48.9   48.7   47.7

Notes

a This table
shows the allocation of Group average equity across IFRS reporting segments.

b Includes the Africa Banking discontinued operation.


c This table shows average tangible equity for the Group and average allocated tangible equity for the IFRS reporting segments.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F
iii


Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Barclays UK   893   857   (33)
Corporate and Investment Bank   269   1,342   1,180
Consumer, Cards and Payments   698   1,153   620
Barclays International   967   2,495   1,800
Head Office   (864)   109   11
Barclays Non-Core   (409)   (1,899)   (2,405)
Africa Banking discontinued operation   (2,335)   189   302
Barclays Group   (1,748)   1,751   (324)
Average allocated equity a   £bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays UK   13.6   13.4   13.7
Corporate and Investment Bank   24.9   23.2   23.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   5.6   5.0   4.0
Barclays International   30.5   28.2   27.1
Head Office b   10.6   8.0   3.9
Barclays Non-Core   2.4   7.8   11.2
Barclays Group   57.1   57.4   55.9
Return on average allocated equity c   %   %   %
Barclays UK   6.6%   6.4%   (0.2%)
Corporate and Investment Bank   1.1%   5.8%   5.1%
Consumer, Cards and Payments   12.5%   23.1%   15.3%
Barclays International   3.2%   8.8%   6.6%
Barclays Group   (3.1%)   3.0%   (0.6%)

Notes

a This table
shows average equity for the Group and average allocated equity for the IFRS reporting segments.

b Includes the Africa Banking discontinued
operation.

c This table shows return on average equity for the Group and return on average allocated equity for the IFRS reporting segments.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F
iv


Governance


This section sets out our corporate governance processes and the role they play in supporting the delivery of our strategy,
including reports from the Chairman and each of the Board Committee Chairmen.


Directors’ report   Page
UK Corporate
Governance Code   ◾ Index to disclosures   2
Letter from the
Chairman   3
Who we are   ◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Group Executive
Committee   7
What we did in 2017   ◾ Board report   8
◾ Board Audit Committee report   11
◾ Board Risk Committee report   22
◾ Board Reputation Committee report   27
◾ Board Nominations
Committee report   33
How we
comply   38
Other statutory
information   43
People   47
Remuneration report   51


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 1


Governance: Directors’ report


UK Corporate Governance Code – index to disclosures


“The purpose of corporate governance is to facilitate effective, entrepreneurial and prudent management that can deliver
the long-term success of the company.” The UK Corporate Governance Code The UK Corporate Governance Code (the Code) is not a rigid set of rules. It consists of principles (main and supporting) and
provisions. The Listing Rules require companies to apply the main principles and report to shareholders on how they have done so. You can find our disclosures as follows:


Leadership   Page
Every company should be headed by an effective board which is collectively responsible for the
long-term success of the company.
◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Composition of the Board   39
There should be a clear division of responsibilities at the head of the company between the
running of the board and the executive responsibility for the running of the company’s business. No one individual should have unfettered powers of decision.
◾ Roles on the Board   38
The chairman is responsible for leadership of the board and ensuring its effectiveness on all
aspects of its role.
◾ Roles on the Board   38
As part of their role as members of a unitary board, non-executive directors should
constructively challenge and help develop proposals on strategy.
◾ Roles on the Board   38
Effectiveness   Page
The board and its committees should have the appropriate balance of skills, experience,
independence and knowledge of the company to enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectively.
◾ Board of Directors   5
◾ Board Diversity   4
There should be a formal, rigorous and transparent procedure for the appointment of new
directors to the board.
◾ Appointment and re-election of Directors   35
All directors should be able to allocate sufficient time to the company to discharge their
responsibilities effectively.
◾ Attendance   38
◾ Time commitment   39


All directors should receive an induction on joining the board and
should regularly update and refresh their skills and knowledge.
◾ Induction   39
◾ Training and development   40
The board should be supplied in a timely manner with information in a form and of a quality
appropriate to enable it to discharge its duties.
◾ Information provided to the Board   40
The board should undertake a formal and rigorous annual evaluation of its own performance and
that of its committees and individual directors.
◾ Review of Board and Board Committee effectiveness   36
All directors should be submitted for re-election at regular intervals, subject to continued
satisfactory performance.
◾ Composition of the
Board   39
◾ Appointment and re-election of Directors   35
Accountability   Page
The board should present a fair, balanced and understandable assessment of the company’s
position and prospects.
◾ Risk management   77
The board is responsible for determining the nature and extent of the principal risks it is
willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. The board should maintain sound risk management and internal control systems.
◾ Risk management and internal control   40
The board should establish formal and transparent arrangements for considering how they should
apply the corporate reporting, risk management and internal control principles, and for maintaining an appropriate relationship with the company’s auditors.
◾ Board Audit Committee
report   11
◾ Accountability   40


Remuneration   Page
Executive directors’ remuneration should be designed to promote the long-term success of
the company. Performance-related elements should be transparent, stretching and rigorously applied.
◾ Remuneration report   51
There should be a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on executive
remuneration and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors. No director should be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.
◾ Remuneration report   51
Relations with shareholders   Page
There should be a dialogue with shareholders based on the mutual understanding of objectives.
The board as a whole has responsibility for ensuring that a satisfactory dialogue with shareholders takes place.
◾ Stakeholder engagement   42
The board should use general meetings to communicate with investors and to encourage their
participation.
◾ Stakeholder engagement   42


2 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Chairman’s introduction


Throughout this period of activity and change, your Board has been providing critical oversight of executive
management to oversee the successful execution of the Group’s long term strategy.
Dear Fellow Shareholders Welcome to my 2017 corporate governance report. In my Chairman’s letter in the Strategic report, I highlighted the significant milestones and
achievements for Barclays in 2017, including the further sell-down of our interest in Barclays Africa Group Limited, the closure of Barclays Non-Core, progress towards the establishment of our ring-fenced bank in 2018 as well as preparations for the
UK’s departure from the EU. Throughout this period of activity and change, your Board has been providing critical oversight of executive management to oversee the successful execution of the Group’s long term strategy. I firmly believe and have often said that the role of the Board is to create
long term, sustainable value for our shareholders. In order to do this, we must have a robust corporate governance framework, providing systems of checks and controls to ensure accountability and drive better decision-making, and also policies and
practices which ensure that the Board and its Committees operate effectively. Part of this is creating an environment which encourages a constructive relationship between the Board and executive management to enable an appropriate level of debate,
challenge and support in the decision-making process. I am pleased to report that in 2017 your Board and executive management continued to demonstrate this dynamic as we worked together in executing strategy. The impending changes to our Group corporate structure following structural
reform has been a significant area of focus for the Board in 2017 and no doubt will continue to be at the forefront of our minds in 2018. After approving for appointment Sir Gerry Grimstone as the Chairman of Barclays International and Sir Ian
Cheshire as the Chairman of Barclays UK, we worked closely with both of them to recruit high quality candidates to build the boards of those two entities. Our aim is to ensure that corporate governance within Barclays is in line with best practice
for FTSE100 companies and as a Board we will work hard to ensure that our governance framework is always providing the   strong foundation needed for effective management of the Group. Board changes in 2017 Through the Board Nominations Committee, we are always considering whether we have the right mix of individuals on the Board, providing an
appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience and perspectives. It is important that it is inherent within the composition of the Board that a broad range of perspectives and views are able to be provided which are representative of our
customers, clients and employees as the foundations of our bank. In addition, we are also regularly thinking about Board succession planning and ensuring we have a strong pipeline of directors to steer the Group over the long-term. With this in
mind, we brought on three new non-executive Directors in 2017: Sir Ian Cheshire, Matthew Lester and Mike Turner CBE, all of whom have significant board-level experience and bring specific sector and technical expertise to your Board. During 2017,
Diane de Saint Victor and Steve Thieke, both non-executive Directors, left the Board and I thank them on behalf of the Board for their contributions and service. With the changes in 2017, our current female representation on the Board sits at 21%. Last year I reported that we set ourselves a Board diversity
target of having 33% female representation on the Board by 2020. We are conscious that our gender diversity balance on the Board has fallen from 2016, but remain committed to achieving the target that we have set. Ensuring diversity of gender, as
well as diversity in its other forms such as ethnicity, is built into our governance processes around Board composition and succession planning, and you can read more about this in the Board Nominations Committee report on pages 33 to 37.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 3


Governance: Directors’ report


Chairman’s introduction


Conduct, culture and values


The Board also actively supports diversity throughout the Group. To attract and retain the best talent, we need to create an environment in which
colleagues can thrive, develop and achieve their ambitions. I am very proud of the initiatives that we have at Barclays to encourage diversity and support inclusion among colleagues. Most recently, we launched a campaign aimed at increasing mental
health awareness as Barclays aims to become a “mental health confident” organisation, and we are delighted that our Chief Internal Auditor, Sally Clark, is the Executive sponsor for “Be Well”, our well-being initiative.
Everything we do at Barclays is underpinned by the
Barclays Values and Purpose,
 and we must act with respect, transparency and integrity in our interactions with stakeholders and with each other to create the right culture, and encourage the
right behaviours by colleagues, across the Group. With that framework, we can build and maintain the trust and confidence of our stakeholders and the market.

An important part of our strategy in relation to cultural progress and embedding our
Barclays Values
 is our citizenship strategy, the Shared Growth Ambition, where our long-term aim is to create and grow a collection of
products, services and partnerships that improve the lives of people in the communities that we serve. In 2017 we launched Barclays’ “green bonds” as part of our support for the transition to a sustainable and low carbon economy. This
was the first green bond issued by a UK bank using UK assets, and you can read more about this in Barclays’ Strategic report. Initiatives like this not only enable us to contribute meaningfully to society, but also enable us to better
understand the environment in which we operate and our wider societal obligations, supporting the Board’s objective of delivering sustainable returns to shareholders.


You can read more about the Shared Growth Ambition at
home.barclays/citizenship

Stakeholder views


As a Board we are conscious of the impact that our business and decisions have on our customers, clients and employees as well as our wider societal
impact. It is through an appreciation of our stakeholders that we can create a strategy aimed at delivering sustainable returns to our shareholders over the long term. The Board is supported in this role by the Board Reputation Committee, which
monitors key indicators across the areas of conduct, culture, citizenship and customer satisfaction, as well as Barclays’ reputation and events that occur which may impact the trust in our brand.


The Board receives information about, and engages with, our various stakeholders throughout the year and one of the most important dates in our
calendar is our Annual General Meeting, which gives the Board an opportunity to meet our shareholders and hear their views. During the year the Board is kept informed of shareholder views through regular


updates from the Head of Investor Relations, as well as the views of employees through the results of
the Barclays
Your View
 employee opinion surveys. Another key stakeholder of Barclays is our regulators, and during 2017 the Board invited representatives of our regulators to attend meetings to hear directly their views and expectations of
Barclays. All of these views form the context in which Board decision-making takes place and feeds into the considerations and debate when determining the Group’s strategy.


Board effectiveness

To
deliver our strategy and achieve the delivery of long-term, sustainable value for shareholders requires an effective Board. It is an important part of my role as Chairman to satisfy myself that the Board – both collectively and its individual
members – operates effectively. Each year, we conduct a self-assessment of our performance with the aid of an independent facilitator. As part of this process, I receive a report on the performance of our individual Directors, and our
non-executive Directors, led by our Senior Independent Director, have the opportunity to review my performance. I am pleased to report that the results of the findings showed that your Board and its Committees are still operating effectively. There
are, of course, areas to work on and challenges ahead once the new Group structure is crystallised following the stand-up of our new ring-fenced bank in 2018. Ensuring that there is clear accountability and delineated responsibilities in the new
structure, not just between boards but also between committees and between the boards and the executive team, will be a key focus for us in 2018. You can read more about the findings and the review process undertaken for 2017 on page 36.


Looking ahead

2018 will be
another pivotal year for Barclays with the execution of our new Group corporate structure, and I look forward to working closely with the boards of Barclays UK and Barclays International to embed a strong framework to ensure clear, effective and
consistent corporate governance. We will continue to work closely with executive management on improving performance within the Group’s businesses, without losing sight of the need to constantly be acting in line with the Barclays Values and
Purpose to build on and retain the trust and confidence of our customers, clients, employees. Together with your Board, we remain focused on working hard to execute the Group’s strategy in order to create sustainable long-term value for our
shareholders.

John McFarlane

Chairman

21 February 2018


Board diversity


The Board has a balanced and diverse range of skills and experience. All Board appointments are made on merit, in
the context of the diversity of gender, skills, experience and background required to be effective.

Balance of
non-executive Directors:

executive Directors


Gender balance


Length of tenure


(Chairman and non-executive Directors)


1 0-3 years   6
2 3-6 years   4
3 6-9 years   2
Industry experience
(Chairman and non-executive Directors)*
1 Financial Services   12 (100%)
2 Political/regulatory experience   12 (100%)
3 Current/recent Chair/CEO   5 (42%)
4 Accountancy/auditing   2 (17%)
5 Operations and Technology   1 (8%)
6 Retail/marketing   1 (8%)
International experience**
(Chairman and non-executive Directors)*
1 International (UK)   10 (83%)
2 International (US)   2 (17%)
3 International (Rest of the World)   2 (17%)

Note


*   Individual Directors may fall into one or more categories


**   In relation to Board experience based on the location of the headquarters/registered office of a company


4 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Board of Directors


Board of Directors a
Barclays understands the importance of having a Board with the right balance of skills,
experience and diversity, and the composition of the Board is regularly reviewed by the Board Nominations Committee. The skills and experience of the current Directors and the value they bring to the Barclays Board are highlighted
below.
Full biographies can be accessed online via www.home.barclays/investorrelations


John McFarlane Chairman Appointed: 1 January 2015

Relevant skills and experience


John is Chairman of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC. He is a senior figure in global banking and financial services circles having spent over 40
years in the sector.

John is currently chairman of TheCityUK and a member of the Financial Services Trade and Investment Board and the
European Financial Round Table. Other current non-executive directorships include Westfield Corporation, Old Oak Holdings Limited and The International Monetary Conference. John was previously chairman of Aviva plc where he oversaw a transformation
of the company FirstGroup plc, and the Australian Bankers Association. He was also a non- executive director of The Royal Bank of Scotland, joining at the time of the UK government rescue. Prior to that he was CEO of Australia and New Zealand
Banking Group Limited for 10 years, group executive director of Standard Chartered and head of Citibank in the UK.

Other current
appointments

Member of Cranfield School of Management Advisory Board; Member of Institut International d’Etudes Bancaires;
Member of the President’s Committee Confederation of British Industry

Committees


Nominations (Chairman)


Jes Staley Group Chief Executive Appointed: 1 December 2015

Relevant skills and experience


Jes joined Barclays as Group Chief Executive on 1 December 2015. He has nearly four decades of extensive experience in banking and financial
services. He worked for more than 30 years at JP Morgan, initially training as a commercial banker, later advancing to the leadership of major businesses involving equities, private banking and asset management and ultimately heading the
company’s Global Investment Bank. Jes is currently a member of the Institute of International Finance and formerly served as managing partner at BlueMountain Capital. These roles have provided him with a vast experience in leadership and he
brings a wealth of investment banking knowledge to Barclays’ Board.

Other current appointments


None

Committees


None


Sir Gerry Grimstone Deputy Chairman and   Senior Independent Director Appointed: 1 January 2016

Relevant skills and experience


Sir Gerry brings to the Board a wealth of investment banking, financial services and commercial experience gained through his senior roles at
Schroders and his various board positions. Sir Gerry has global business experience across the UK, Asia, the Middle East and the US. Sir Gerry has significant experience as a non-executive director and chairman. He is currently the chairman of
Standard Life Aberdeen plc, independent non-executive board member of Deloitte NWE LLP, board adviser to the Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank and the lead non-executive at the Ministry of Defence.


Other current appointments


Financial Services Trade and Investment Board

Committees

Nominations, Reputation (Chairman)


Mike Ashley Non-executive Appointed: 18 September 2013

Relevant skills and experience


Mike has deep knowledge of auditing and associated regulatory issues, having worked at KPMG for over 20 years, where he was a partner. Mike was the
lead engagement partner on the audits of large financial services groups including HSBC, Standard Chartered and the Bank of England. While at KPMG, Mike was Head of Quality and Risk Management for KPMG Europe LLP, responsible for the management of
professional risks and quality control. He also held the role of KPMG UK’s Ethics Partner.

Other current appointments


ICAEW Ethics Standards Committee; International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants; Chairman, Government Internal Audit Agency;
Charity Commission

Committees

Audit (Chairman), Nominations, Risk, Reputation


a   Full Director biographies can be found on pages 286 to 288


Tim Breedon CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 November 2012

Relevant skills and experience


Tim joined Barclays after a distinguished career with Legal & General, where, among other roles, he was the group chief executive until
June 2012. Tim’s experience as a CEO enables him to provide challenge, advice and support to the executive on performance and decision-making.

Tim brings to the Board extensive financial services experience, knowledge of risk management and UK and EU regulation, as well as an understanding of the key issues for investors.


Other current appointments


Marie Curie; Chairman, Apax Global Alpha Limited; Chairman, The Northview Group


Committees

Audit,
Nominations, Remuneration, Risk (Chairman)


Sir Ian Cheshire Non-executive Appointed: 3 April 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Sir Ian joined Barclays in April 2017 as a non-executive Director and the Chairman of Barclays UK. From his lengthy executive career including his
time as Group Chief Executive of Kingfisher plc, Sir Ian brings to the Board substantial business experience particularly in the international retail sector, as well as experience in sustainability and environmental matters. He holds strong
credentials in leadership as well as being highly regarded by the Government for his work with various Government departments.

Other
current appointments

Business Disability Forum President’s Group; Debenhams plc; Maisons du monde; Menhaden plc; lead
non-executive director for the Government

Committees


Nominations


Mary Francis CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 October 2016

Relevant skills and experience


Mary has extensive board-level experience across a range of industries. She is a non-executive director of Swiss Re Group and Ensco plc and was
formerly senior independent director of Centrica and a non-executive director of the Bank of England, Aviva and Alliance & Leicester. She held senior executive positions in the UK Treasury and Prime Minister’s Office and in the City as
Director General of the Association of British Insurers. She brings to Barclays strong understanding of the interaction between public and private sectors and skills in strategic decision-making and all aspects of board governance.


Other current appointments


Advisory Panel of The Institute of Business Ethics

Committees

Remuneration, Reputation


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 5


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Board of Directors


Crawford Gillies Non-executive Appointed: 1 May 2014

Relevant skills and experience


Crawford has extensive business and management experience, gained with Bain & Company and Standard Life plc. These roles have provided him
with experience in strategic decision-making and knowledge of company strategy across various sectors and geographical locations.


Crawford has also held board and committee chairman positions during his career, notably as chairman of the remuneration committees of Standard Life
plc and MITIE Group PLC and is a senior independent director at SSE plc.

Other current appointments


Chairman, The Edrington Group Limited

Committees

Audit, Nominations, Remuneration (Chairman)


Reuben Jeffery III Non-executive Appointed: 16 July 2009

Relevant skills and experience


Reuben has extensive financial services experience, particularly within investment banking and wealth management, through his role as CEO and
president of Rockefeller & Co. Inc. and Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. and his former senior roles with Goldman Sachs, head of the European Financial Institutions Group. His various government roles in the US, including as chairman of
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and as undersecretary of state, provides Barclays’ Board with insight into the US political and regulatory environment.


Other current appointments


Advisory Board of Towerbrook Capital Partners LP; Financial Services Volunteer Corps; The Asia Foundation


Committees

Nominations, Risk


Matthew Lester Non-executive Appointed: 1 September 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Matthew joined Barclays as a non-executive Director in September 2017 and contributes strong financial management and regulatory experience to the
Board, having held a number of senior finance roles across a range of business sectors, including financial services. Most recently was chief financial officer of Royal Mail Group. Matthew’s financial expertise enables him to analyse
effectively complex reporting and risk management processes. He is currently a non-executive director of Man Group plc and Capita plc, where he also chairs the audit and risk committees of both companies.


Other current appointments


None

Committees


Audit, Risk


Tushar Morzaria Group Finance Director Appointed: 15 October 2013

Relevant skills and experience


Tushar joined Barclays in 2013 having spent the previous four years in senior management roles with JP Morgan Chase, most recently as the CFO of its
Corporate & Investment Bank. Throughout his time with JP Morgan he gained strategic financial management and regulatory relations experience. Since joining the Barclays Board he has been a driving influence on the Group’s cost
reduction programme and managing the Group’s capital plan, particularly in response to Structural Reform.

Other current
appointments

Member of the 100 Group main committee


Committees

None


Dambisa Moyo Non-executive Appointed: 1 May 2010

Relevant skills and experience


Dambisa is an international economist and commentator on the global economy, having completed a PhD in economics. Dambisa has a background in
financial services and a wide knowledge and understanding of African economic, political and social issues, in addition to her experience as a director of companies with complex, global operations. She served as a non-executive director of SABMiller
plc (2009-2016) and Seagate Technology (2015-2017).

Other current appointments


Chevron Corporation; Barrick Gold Corporation

Committees

Remuneration, Reputation


Diane Schueneman Non-executive Appointed: 25 June 2015

Relevant skills and experience


Diane joined Barclays after an extensive career at Merrill Lynch, holding a variety of senior roles, including responsibility for banking, brokerage
services and technology provided to the company’s retail and middle market clients, and latterly for IT, operations and client services worldwide. She brings a wealth of experience in managing global, cross-discipline business operations,
client services and technology in the financial services industry. Diane is a member of the board of Barclays US LLC, Barclays’ US intermediate holding company and chair of Barclays Services Limited.


Other current appointments


None

Committees


Audit, Risk


Mike Turner CBE Non-executive Appointed: 1 January 2018

Relevant skills and experience


Mike has considerable business and board level experience gained from his lengthy career with BAE Systems PLC where he was CEO as well as his
non-executive positions. He has a strong commercial background and experience in strategy and operational performance culture. Mike brings significant leadership and strategic oversight experience to the Board, particularly from his roles as
chairman of Babcock International Group PLC and GKN Plc.

Other current appointments


Member of the UK Government’s Apprenticeship Ambassadors Network


Committees

Reputation


Company Secretary


Stephen Shapiro Appointed: 1 November 2017

Relevant skills and experience


Stephen was appointed Company Secretary in November 2017 having previously served as the Group Company Secretary and Deputy General Counsel of
SABMiller plc. Prior to this, he practised law as a partner in a law firm in South Africa, and subsequently in the UK. Stephen has extensive experience in corporate governance, legal, regulatory and compliance matters. Stephen has also previously
served as Chairman of the ICC UK’s Committee on Anti-Corruption as well as on working groups of the GC100, providing business input into key areas of legislative and policy reform.


6 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Who we are – Group Executive Committee


Group Executive Committee a
Biographies for Jes Staley, Group Chief Executive, and Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, who are members of the Group
Executive Committee, which is chaired by Jes Staley, can be found on pages 5 and 6.


Paul Compton Group Chief Operating   Officer


Bob Hoyt Group General Counsel


Laura Padovani Interim Group Chief   Compliance Officer


Tristram Roberts Group Human   Resources Director


Group Executive Committee meetings are also attended on a regular basis by the Chief Internal Auditor, Sally Clark, and by an ex-officio member,
drawn from senior management. The current ex-officio member is Barry Rodrigues, Head of Barclaycard International.


Tim Throsby President, Barclays International and Chief Executive Officer, Corporate and Investment Bank


Ashok Vaswani CEO, Barclays UK


C S Venkatakrishnan Chief Risk Officer


a   Executive Committee biographies can be found on pages 288 to 289


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 7


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board report


The Role of the
Board
The Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the highest standards of corporate
governance in Barclays.
Further details about our corporate governance framework, policies and Board responsibilities can be found online at home.barclays/corporategovernance


We act in a way that we consider promotes the success of Barclays for the benefit of shareholders as
a whole, and are accountable to the shareholders for creating and delivering sustainable value. It is our responsibility as the Board to ensure that management not only delivers on short-term objectives, but promotes the long-term growth of
Barclays. Our corporate governance framework embeds what we believe are the right culture, values and behaviours throughout the Group and supports our role in determining strategic objectives and policies.


In addition to setting strategy and overseeing its implementation, we are also responsible for ensuring that management maintains an effective
system of internal control. An effective system of internal control should provide assurance of effective and efficient operations, internal financial controls and compliance with law and regulation. In meeting this responsibility, we consider what
is appropriate for the Group’s business and


reputation, the materiality of financial and other risks and the relevant costs and benefits of
implementing controls. See page 40 for further details on those systems of controls.

The Board is the decision-making body for matters
that, owing to their strategic, financial or reputational implications or consequences, are considered significant to the Group. A formal schedule of powers reserved to the Board ensures that our control of these key decisions is maintained. A
summary of the matters reserved to the Board can be found at
home.barclays/corporategovernance
. It includes the approval of appointments to the Board, Barclays’ strategy, financial statements, capital expenditure and any major
acquisitions, mergers or disposals.

Board Committees


The main Board Committees are the Board Audit Committee, the Board Nominations Committee, the Board Remuneration Committee, the Board Reputation
Committee


and the Board Risk Committee. Pursuant to authority granted under our Articles of Association, each
Board Committee has had specific responsibilities delegated to it by the Board. Further information on the role and activities of each of the Board Committees can be found in this report on pages 11 to 37 and in their individual terms of reference,
which have been approved by the Board and are available at
home.barclays/corporategovernance.


In addition, the Regulatory
Investigations Committee was formed in 2012 and focused on providing Board-level oversight of regulatory investigations. In 2017, this Committee was disbanded with residual matters being brought under the oversight of the Board Audit Committee or
falling directly under the Board’s oversight, as appropriate.

You can read more about what the Board and each of the Board
Committees did during 2017 on the following pages.


8 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Strategic goals   Principal risks
Strategy
formulation and monitoring
Debated and provided input to management on the formulation of overall Group strategy, and reflected on the Group strategy with longer term views on what could be done to accelerate
returns and build capital. The topics covered include:
◾ potential
growth opportunities, and key trends and risks, for Barclays UK and Barclays International
◾ constraints and risks to strategy execution, including economic assumptions, expected regulatory requirements on capital and solvency ratios, anticipated changes to accounting rules including IFRS 9, investor expectations, and potential impacts for
clients and customers
◾ a
strategic approach to costs optimisation, including analysing the impact on costs of different structural initiatives such as product redesign and automation
◾ impact of
continuing legacy conduct issues on capital requirements and profit targets
◾ options for the location of Barclays’ operations in Europe, driven by the EU Referendum result.
Discussed regular updates from the Group Chief Executive on the progress being made against the Group’s 2017 execution priorities and
capital targets, received insights on stakeholder, employee and cultural matters (including results from employee opinion surveys), and updates on items of focus for the Group Executive Committee.
Considered the strategy, and assessed the progress of execution of strategy, in the businesses within each of Barclays UK and Barclays
International.
Monitored the progress of the sell down of the Group’s remaining interest in Barclays Africa Group Limited.
Monitored the progress of the rundown and subsequent closure of Barclays Non-Core.
Monitored the progress of the Group’s execution of its structural reform programme – see the case study on page 10 for further
details.
Monitored the potential implications of the UK’s preparations to leave the EU following the EU Referendum result; approved and monitored progress of the expansion of Barclays
Bank Ireland’s operations in preparation for Brexit – see the case study on page 10 for further details.
Finance, including capital and liquidity
Debated and approved the Group’s Medium Term Plan for 2017-2019.
Regularly assessed financial performance of the Group and its main businesses through reports from the Group Finance Director.
Reviewed and approved Barclays’ financial results prior to publication, including approving final and interim dividends.
Discussed market and investor reaction to Barclays’ strategic and financial results announcements, with insights provided by the Head of
Investor Relations.
Provided input, guidance and advice to senior management on the high-level shape of Barclays’ 2018-2020 Medium Term Plan and subsequently approved the final plan.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 9


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board report


Strategic goals   Principal risks
Governance and
risk, including regulatory issues
Debated and approved the 2017 risk appetite for the Barclays Group.
Regularly assessed Barclays’ overall risk profile and emerging risk themes, hearing directly from the Chief Risk Officer and the Chairman of the Board Risk
Committee.
Received reports on Barclays’ operational and technology capability, including specific updates on cyber risk capability and the strategy for technology and
infrastructure services.
Approved the Group’s 2017 Recovery Plan and US Resolution Plan.
Invited representatives of Barclays’ UK and US regulators to meetings to enable the Board to hear first-hand about regulatory expectations and their specific views
on Barclays.
Considered and debated proposals for the establishment of a programme to further enhance Barclays’ management information framework across all businesses and
entities within the Group.
Discussed and received regular updates directly from the Chief Controls Officer on the Group’s internal controls and framework, and monitored progress of the
Barclays Internal Control Enhancement Plan (the programme for remediation of identified risk and control issues).
Considered regular updates from the Group General Counsel on the legal and regulatory risks and issues facing Barclays – refer to note
29 in the financial statements.
Considered matters relating to Board succession and approved appointments to the Board and Board Committees.
Received and considered regular updates from the Chairmen of the Board’s principal Board Committees on the matters discussed at Board Committee meetings. See the
reports of each Board Committee set out on the following pages for further details.
Received regular updates (following the establishment of each respective board) from the Chairs of the Barclays UK and Barclays International divisional boards and the
Group Service Company.
Considered updates on views of major shareholders, particularly in the period leading up to the 2017 Annual General Meeting.
Discussed the Board and Committee governance framework in the context of structural reform, and considered significant developments in UK corporate governance and other
corporate governance matters.
Considered the results of the 2016 Board effectiveness review and proposed action plan, and considered the process for and findings of the 2017 Board effectiveness
review. See page 36 for further details of this process and the findings for 2017.
Other, including compensation
Considered progress on Barclays’ talent and succession planning (and hosted receptions for key talent within the Group), and received updates on the Bank’s
diversity and inclusion initiatives, including from the Chairman of the Board Nominations Committee.
Considered and approved the 2017 incentive funding pools for the Group and allocation among each business and function – see the Remuneration report on pages 51 to 74 for further details.


Governance in Action
– Structural reform and Brexit
Execution of structural reform The execution of our structural reform programme was a significant focus for the Group in 2017 as we move towards the legal
entity stand up of our ring-fenced bank in 2018. Building on from the work carried out in 2016, the Board continued to closely monitor and evaluate progress on the execution of the programme in 2017. Specific matters addressed by the Board included
the following: ◾ overseeing the establishment of the Group Service Company, which was launched on 1 September 2017 ◾ monitoring the stakeholder communications plan (including, in particular, the communications plan for customers and employees) ◾ considering regular updates on migrating sort codes with a focus on any potential impact on customers and clients   ◾ overseeing and
approving various transfers of assets and liabilities among Barclays Group entities including establishing a Committee to provide appropriate Board-level oversight of the processes involved ◾ with the support of the Board Nominations Committee, debating the composition of, and appointments to each of, the boards of Barclays UK, Barclays International and the
Group Service Company and discussing the appropriate governance arrangements for the new Group structure. Preparations for Brexit Another area of focus for the Board was preparations for the impact of the UK’s exit from the EU. Barclays has created an internal programme
specifically in relation to the planning and preparation for Brexit. The Board debated potential EU hubs for Barclays’   European operations and decided to pursue expansion in Ireland where we have been operating for over 40 years and have an existing
banking licence held by Barclays Bank Ireland. Specific matters considered by the Board included debating the feasibility of a
significant expansion of Barclays Bank Ireland’s operations, the transfer of capital and resources to Barclays Bank Ireland and assessing the progress being made with applications for the necessary regulatory licensing requirements with the
relevant authorities. The successful completion of the
Group’s structural reform programme and further progress on our Brexit plans will continue to be areas of focus for the Board in 2018.


10 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


Solid progress has been made in turning the controls enhancement programme into a ‘business as
usual’ activity, with an emphasis on achieving sustainable progress.
Dear Fellow Shareholders In writing this report I have reflected on how Barclays has been working to embed the significant strategic changes put in place during 2016 while
responding to new challenges driven by the external landscape, in particular the delivery of Structural Reform and preparation for Brexit. As I reported in 2017, the Committee continues to consider a critical part of its role to be ensuring that the commitment to strengthening
Barclays’ control environment is maintained throughout this transformational period. My Committee colleagues and I have been encouraged by the increased rigour applied to oversight of the Group control environment following the creation of the
Chief Controls Office at the end of 2016. This has given the Committee greater clarity and transparency regarding thematic control environment issues impacting the Group, and has helped to highlight areas of the business where there may be a
concentration of issues and where focus on remediation is required. Regular updates on the overall control environment framework have also continued to be provided to the Board over the course of the year, underlining the importance that the Board
of Barclays places on this programme of activity. Solid progress
has been made in turning the controls enhancement programme into a ‘business as usual’ activity, with an emphasis on achieving sustainable progress. The Committee has observed heightened focus and attention across the organisation on the
importance of having robust processes in place across the business to self-identify controls issues and ensure that there are effective remediation plans in place for which senior management are accountable. The embedding of the Chief Controls
Office as part of the first line of management within the organisation has also been helpful in delineating more clearly for the organisation the respective roles of the second and third lines of defence. The controls office has taken over the
co-ordination of the Risk and Control Self-Assessment process and this will   continue to be an area of focus in 2018 as management develops a more detailed, granular self-assessment process which should
assist in proactively identifying controls which require remediation. Further details may be found in the Risk Management and Internal Control section on page 40. The Committee has continued to engage with senior management regarding areas of controls weaknesses in their businesses and has received
presentations from a number of different areas of the organisation on the actions taken to address unsatisfactory audit reports. In assessing control issues for disclosure in the Annual Report, the Committee has continued to apply similar definitions to those used for
assessing internal financial controls for the purposes of Sarbanes-Oxley. The conclusion we have reached is that there are no control issues that are considered to be a material weakness, which merit specific disclosure. The Committee has continued to oversee the performance and effectiveness of
internal and external audit, the main independent assurance mechanisms that serve to protect shareholders’ interests. I continue to hold regular meetings with the Chief Internal Auditor and members of her senior management team to ensure I am aware of current work
programmes and any emerging issues. I also agreed the Chief Internal Auditor’s objectives and the outcomes of her performance assessment and remuneration. The Committee also held a networking event with Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) during
2017, enabling Committee members to meet on a less formal basis with senior members of the BIA management team. During 2017, the Committee continued to monitor closely the implementation of the action plan to address the recommendations arising from the review
undertaken by the PRA of BIA to increase its effectiveness. The Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors requires an independent external
review of   internal audit functions to be carried out at least every five years and during 2017, the Committee commissioned an independent
external quality assessment of BIA, further details of which may be found on page 19. The Committee was satisfied with the conclusions drawn in the report, while noting that there were a number of areas for potential development. The Committee
considered that the need for a period of stability and consolidation within BIA would be particularly important to embedding existing initiatives and the Committee will continue to monitor this and other recommendations during 2018. In preparation
for Structural Reform, BIA has aligned its audit planning and reporting to the new legal entity structure. The Committee continued to exercise its responsibility for ensuring the integrity of Barclays’ published financial information by debating and
challenging the critical judgements and estimates made by management. The exercise of appropriate judgement in preparing the financial statements is critical in ensuring that Barclays reports to its shareholders in a fair, balanced and transparent
way. During the course of 2017, the Committee oversaw Barclays’ transition to KPMG as Barclays’ statutory auditor which was approved by shareholders at the 2017 annual general meeting. The lead audit partner is Guy Bainbridge who has held
this role since KPMG’s appointment as the Group’s auditor. KPMG has brought fresh challenge and insight not only on accounting judgements and policies but also on financial controls which the Committee has found valuable. The report that
follows sets out details of the material matters considered by the Committee since my last report. One of the key developments in accounting policy in 2017 has been Barclays’ preparation for the implementation of the IFRS 9 impairment standard
on 1 January 2018. The Committee reviewed the guidance note to non-executive Directors from the PRA in relation to IFRS 9 implementation and was comfortable that the areas highlighted by the PRA were being


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 11


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


addressed. Further details of the Committee’s consideration of the judgements and financial impacts relating to the
implementation of the new standard may be found in the ‘Governance in Action’ section of the Committee report on page 21.

I have continued to hold the role
of Whistleblower’s Champion, a position required by the FCA to be held at Board level. As champion, I continue to have specific responsibility for the integrity, independence and effectiveness of the Barclays’ policies and procedures on
whistleblowing, including the procedures for protecting employees who raise concerns from detrimental treatment. As Whistleblower’s Champion and as Chairman of the Committee, I have been involved in overseeing the implementation of the
suggested enhancements following the benchmarking review undertaken in 2017 at the request of the Board of Barclays.

Responsibility for the oversight of litigation,
investigation and competition matters has transitioned to the Committee, in line with the Committee’s existing responsibility for the oversight of matters related to disclosure and provisioning. The Committee has received regular updates on
these matters from the Group General Counsel, with matters of particular significance to the Group continuing to be subject to oversight by the Board of Barclays.

I
attended meetings of the IHC audit committee to gain a first-hand insight into the issues being addressed by that committee and have held regular meetings with the chairmen elect of the Barclays UK and Barclays International audit committees. The
chairmen or chairmen elect of all those entities have attended at least one Committee meeting during 2017. I also met frequently with other members of senior management, including the Group Finance Director, and continued my engagement with
Barclays’ regulators both in the UK and US. I have reported regularly on the activities of the Committee to the Board of Barclays.


Committee performance

The Committee’s
performance during 2017 was assessed as part of an internal committee effectiveness review. The conclusion of my Board colleagues and standing attendees at Committee meetings was that the Committee is regarded as operating effectively and the Board
takes assurance from the quality of the Committee’s work. It is considered well constituted with the right balance of skills and experience. The main area identified for improvement was the need to manage a demanding agenda efficiently so that
time is allocated to the most significant items for discussion.


Last year’s review commented on the need to strengthen the depth of financial and accounting expertise on the
Committee via new appointments, which I am pleased was addressed through the appointment of Matthew Lester to the Committee when he joined the Board of Barclays in September 2017. The review also highlighted the need to ensure that the way in which
the Committee works with the Board Reputation and Board Risk Committees continues to capture all significant issues effectively while minimising any overlap. I continued to work closely with my fellow Board Committee chairmen during 2017,
particularly with the Board Risk Committee chairman in order to clarify the responsibility of the respective committees for operational risk issues, which each Committee has a role in overseeing.


You can read more about the outcomes of the Board effectiveness review on page 36.

Looking ahead

In 2018, in addition to overseeing management’s progress in continuing to embed the role of the Chief Controls
Office and the Group’s management of controls remediation, the Committee will be focusing on some significant accounting issues, including in particular, monitoring the impact of IFRS 9 and the resultant disclosures. The Committee is looking
forward to working with the audit committees of Barclays UK and Barclays International as we discharge our responsibilities and focus on ensuring efficient and effective coverage of the business under the new group structure. We have already agreed
an allocation of responsibilities, and embedding the necessary reporting and information flows across the three audit committees to ensure all of them can discharge their responsibilities efficiently will be a key area of focus.


Mike Ashley

Chairman, Board Audit Committee


21 February 2018


Committee allocation of time (%)


2017   2016
1   Control issues   11*   23
2   Business control environment   15   19
3   Financial results   33   36
4   Internal audit matters   25 †   11
5   External audit matters   8   6
6   Other (incl governance and
compliance)   8   4


*   The time allocation in 2017 has reduced following the streamlining of the reporting of control issues through the Chief Controls Office.


†   The increased time allocation to internal audit matters in 2017 reflects the role of the Committee in (i) overseeing the recommendations arising from the review undertaken by the PRA of
Barclays Internal Audit to increase its effectiveness, and (ii) the independent external quality assessment of Barclays Internal Audit which was commissioned by the Committee in 2017.


Committee composition and meetings

The Committee
is composed solely of independent non-executive Directors, with membership designed to provide the breadth of financial expertise and commercial acumen it needs to fulfil its responsibilities. Its members as a whole have experience of the banking
and financial services sector in addition to general management and commercial experience. Mike Ashley, who is the designated financial expert on the Committee for the purposes of the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act, is a former audit partner who during his
executive career acted as lead engagement partner on the audits of a number of large financial services groups. Following the Board’s finding that the Committee could be strengthened by the appointment of an additional member with direct
accounting and auditing experience, Matthew Lester was appointed to the Board and Committee with effect from 1 September 2017. During his executive career, Matthew held a number of senior finance roles across a range of business sectors,
including financial services, and most recently was the Chief Financial Officer of Royal Mail Group. You can find more details of the experience of Committee members in their biographies on pages 5 and 6.


The Committee met 10 times in 2017 and the chart above shows how it allocated its time. Meetings are generally arranged well in advance and are scheduled in line with
Barclays’ financial reporting timetable. One additional meeting was arranged to select an appropriate service provider for the independent review of Barclays Internal Audit and to undertake an early review of particular issues relevant to the
financial statements. Committee meetings were attended by management, including as required the Group


12 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Chief Executive, Group Finance Director, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Controls Officer, Chief Risk
Officer, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Head of Compliance, as well as representatives from the businesses and other functions. The lead audit partner of KPMG (the Group’s external auditor), Guy Bainbridge, attended all Committee
meetings since January 2017. The Committee held a number of private sessions with each of the Chief Internal Auditor or the lead audit partner, which were not attended by management. The lead audit partner of PwC, the Group’s previous external
auditor, attended meetings until the end of February 2017 to deliver its final audit report to the Committee on the 2016 financial statements before PwC resigned as the Group’s statutory auditor.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Mike Ashley   10/10
Tim Breedon   10/10
Crawford Gillies   10/10
Diane Schueneman*   8/10
Matthew Lester (from 1 September 2017) †   1/3


*   Did not attend due to personal circumstances.


†   Did not attend owing to existing commitments with other boards (the Committee meeting dates were set before Matthew joined the Board).


Committee role and responsibilities

The Committee is responsible for:


◾   assessing the integrity of the Group’s financial reporting and satisfying itself that any significant financial judgements made by management are sound


◾   evaluating the effectiveness of the Group’s internal controls, including internal financial controls


◾   scrutinising the activities and performance of the internal and external auditors, including monitoring their independence and objectivity


◾   overseeing the relationship with the Group’s external auditor


◾   reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the Group’s whistleblowing procedures


◾   overseeing significant legal and regulatory investigations, including the proposed litigation statement for inclusion in the statutory accounts.


The Committee’s terms of reference are available at
home.barclays/corporategovernance.

The Committee’s work


The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2017 and in evaluating Barclays’ 2017 Annual Report and financial statements, are
described on the following pages.


Financial statement reporting issues


The Committee’s main responsibility in relation to Barclays’ financial reporting is to review with both management and the external
auditor the appropriateness of Barclays’ financial statements, including quarterly results announcements and half-year and annual financial statements and supporting analyst presentations, with its primary focus being on:


◾   the quality and acceptability of accounting policies and practices


◾   any correspondence from financial reporting regulators in relation to Barclays’ financial reporting


◾   material areas where significant judgements have been made, along with any significant assumptions or estimates, or where significant issues have been discussed with or challenged by the external
auditor


◾   an assessment of whether the Annual Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for shareholders to assess Barclays’ position and
performance, business model and strategy.

Accounting policies and practices


The Committee discussed reports from management in relation to the identification of critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation
uncertainty, significant accounting policies and the proposed disclosure of these in the 2017 Annual Report. Following discussions with both management and the external auditor, the Committee approved the critical accounting judgements, significant
accounting policies and disclosures, which are set out in note 1, ‘Significant accounting policies’, to the consolidated financial statements.

There was one significant change in accounting policy during the period which was the early adoption of IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) in relation to own credit, resulting in the recognition of fair value movements through the
Statement of Comprehensive Income. Further information regarding this change can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Two new significant accounting standards became effective from 1 January 2018, IFRS 9 (Financial
Instruments) and IFRS 15 (Revenue Recognition). Further information regarding these changes can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. During 2017, the Committee was regularly updated on Barclays’ preparations for the
implementation of IFRS 9, in particular in relation to the new expected loss model which represents a fundamental change in approach


to impairment. The Committee discussed with management the key technical decisions and interpretations required and Barclays’ approach to these. Further details of the Committee’s role
in overseeing the Group’s IFRS 9 preparations can be found on page 21, ‘Governance in Action’.

Financial reporting
regulators and Barclays

The Committee from time to time considers comment letters and papers from external bodies including the SEC
and the Financial Reporting Council (FRC). In that regard, the Committee considered the following:


◾   The FRC’s Year-End Advice Letter to Audit Committee Chairs and Finance Directors which highlighted key developments for 2017/18 annual reports.


◾   The FRC’s Annual Review of Corporate Reporting which summarised key characteristics of good corporate reporting for the 2017/18 reporting year.


◾   The PRA note of advice to Non-executive Directors regarding IFRS 9 implementation which set out a series of questions for consideration to ensure audit committees were well prepared for the
transition and its implications.

The Committee sought to ensure that Barclays took due account of the matters raised in
the letters and papers described above in its external reporting and has sought to enhance and clarify relevant disclosures.

The
Committee from time to time considers comment letters from the SEC in relation to its reviews of Barclays’ Annual Report and other publicly filed financial statements. Such comment letters and Barclays’ responses are made publicly
available by the SEC on its website, www.sec.gov, once it has closed each such review. Barclays received one comment letter from the SEC during 2017 requesting clarification from the SEC in relation to its 2017 half year filing. Barclays responded
to clarify the queries raised by the SEC. The letter did not raise any material concerns or disclosure items.

Significant judgements
and estimates


The significant judgements and estimates and actions taken by the Committee in relation to the 2017 Annual Report and
financial statements are outlined below. The significant judgements and estimates are broadly comparable in nature to prior years. Each of these matters was discussed with the external auditor during the year and, where appropriate, have been
addressed n the Auditors’ Report on pages 186 to 187.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 13


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Conduct provisions (refer to Note 27 to the financial
statements)   Barclays makes certain assumptions and estimates, analysis of which underpins provisions made for the costs of customer redress, such as for
Payment Protection Insurance (PPI).   ◾ Regularly analysed the judgements and estimates made with regard to Barclays’ provisioning for PPI claims, taking into account forecasts and assumptions made for PPI
complaints and actual claims experience for Barclays and the industry as a whole, including the volume of invalid PPI claims. ◾ Debated the impact on the
future range of provisions arising from (i) the FCA’s introduction of August 2019 as the timebar on claims, (ii) the PPI marketing campaign, and (iii) the progress of the proposed fee cap on the submission of PPI complaints by Claims Management
Companies which is being considered by the UK Parliament. ◾ Evaluated proposed
additional provisions for PPI, considering whether the total provision is within the modelled range of future outcomes, and whether the external auditor agreed with management’s analysis and approach. ◾ Monitored the position on provisions for alternative PPI (card protection and payment break plan insurance) and considered whether further provisions were required.   The Committee and management continue to monitor closely any changes in customer or claims
management companies’ behaviour in light of the FCA timebar and marketing campaign and the ongoing impact of the Plevin case. Having regard to the actual claims experience over 2017 the Committee agreed with management’s assessment that
the current provision of £1,600m was appropriate. The Committee noted that this estimate remains subject to significant uncertainty in particular regarding the level of valid customer claims that may be received in the period to August 2019.
In this context the Committee was satisfied that sensitivities to the key variables were appropriately disclosed.
Legal, competition and regulatory provisions (refer to Notes 27
to 29 to the financial statements)   Barclays is engaged in various legal, competition and regulatory matters. The extent of the impact on Barclays of these matters cannot always
be predicted, but matters can give rise to provisioning for contingent and other liabilities depending on the relevant facts and circumstances. The level of provisioning is subject to management judgement on the basis of legal advice and is
therefore an area of focus for the Committee.   ◾ Evaluated advice on the status of current legal, competition and regulatory matters. ◾ Assessed management’s
judgements and estimates of the levels of provisions to be taken and the adequacy of those provisions, based on available information and evidence. ◾ Considered the adequacy of
disclosure, recognising that any decision to set provisions involves significant judgement.   The Committee discussed provisions and utilisation. Having reviewed the information
available to determine what was both probable and could be reliably estimated, the Committee agreed that the level of provision at the year end was appropriate. The Committee also considered that the disclosures made provided the appropriate
information for investors regarding the legal, competition and regulatory matters being addressed by the Group.
Valuations (refer to Notes 14 to 18 to the
financial statements)   Barclays exercises judgement in the valuation and disclosure of financial instruments, derivative assets and certain portfolios, particularly
where quoted market prices are not available, including the Group’s Education, Social Housing and Local Authority (ESHLA) portfolio.   ◾ Evaluated reports from Barclays Valuations Committee, with particular focus on the matters below. ◾ Monitored the valuation methods applied by management to significant valuation items, including the ESHLA portfolio, a valuation disparity with a third party in respect of a
specific long-dated derivative portfolio, and the approach to the marking of Own Credit. ◾ Monitored and discussed the
impact of negative interest rates on derivative valuation. ◾ Considered the treatment of
the re-integration of Non-Core residual operations into the core business.   The Committee discussed these matters and agreed that a minor modification be made to the
valuation of the specific long-dated derivative portfolio where there existed significant valuation disparity. This did not result in a material change to the fair value recorded by the Group. The Committee noted that, following efforts by
management to restructure derivative agreements impacted by negative interest rates, any residual uncertainty was now insignificant.


14 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Impairment (refer to Note 7 to the financial
statements)   Where appropriate, Barclays models potential impairment performance, allowing for certain assumptions and sensitivities, the size,
particularly where to agree allowances for credit impairment, including agreeing the timing of the recognition of any impairment and estimating forbearance has been granted.   ◾ Assessed impairment experience against forecast and whether impairment provisions were appropriate. ◾ Evaluated credit impairment reports (reviewed by the Group Impairment Committee) presented by the Chief Risk Officer. ◾ Considered a report from the Chief Risk Officer on the position in the US Cards portfolio and monitored the position to determine whether increase in impairment would be
required. ◾ Considered a report from the Group Impairment Committee on the adequacy of loan impairment allowances as at 31 December 2017, including assessing internal and external trends,
methodologies and key management estimates.   The Committee reviewed model adjustments made by management to ensure that impairment
allowances were set at appropriate and adequate levels. The Committee reviewed the impairment charge in Barclaycard US arising in the third quarter from the asset sale in the first quarter. The Committee also reviewed three material single name
charges in the Corporate Bank. The committee agreed that the
provision levels for impairment were appropriate.
Tax (refer to Note 10 to the financial
statements)   Barclays is subject to taxation in a number of jurisdictions globally and makes judgements with regard to provisioning for tax at risk and on
the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets.   ◾ Evaluated the appropriateness of tax risk provisions to cover existing tax risk. ◾ Confirmed the forecasts and
assumptions supporting the recognition and valuation of deferred tax assets was in line with Barclays Medium Term Plan. ◾ Monitored the impact to
Barclays of the new US framework for tax legislation covering a broad range of tax proposals which was enacted on 22 December 2017 and which had a substantial impact on the measurement of the Group’s US deferred tax assets. The Committee also
considered the potential impact of the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (BEAT) which was introduced as part of the new legislation.   The Committee reviewed Barclays’ global tax risk and associated provisions for the
full year and noted that the level of tax provisions remained at about the same level, although the amount of gross tax risk was assessed as slightly reduced. In relation to the treatment of deferred tax assets the Committee noted that those due to US tax losses (£1,520m) are forecast to be utilised
by 2019 which is significantly earlier than the first expiry date of 2028. The Committee agreed with management’s view that it was appropriate not to take account of any potential future BEAT liabilities in the measurement of the deferred tax assets. It noted that this would be in line with recent US
GAAP pronouncements and as disclosed management is also continuing to assess the full impact to the Group of the complex provisions in the new US legislation.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 15


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


Area of focus   Reporting issue   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Fair, balanced and understandable reporting (including country-by-country reporting and Pillar 3 reporting)   Barclays is required to ensure that its external reporting is fair, balanced and understandable. The Committee undertakes an assessment on
behalf of the Board in order to provide the Board with assurance that it can make the statement required by the UK Code on Corporate Governance.   ◾ Assessed, through discussion with and challenge of management, including the Group Chief Executive and Group Finance Director, whether disclosures in Barclays’ Annual
Report and other financial reports were fair, balanced and understandable. ◾ Evaluated reports from
Barclays’ Disclosure Committee on its assessment of the content, accuracy and tone of the disclosures. ◾ Established through reports
from management that there were no indications of fraud relating to financial reporting matters. ◾ Evaluated the outputs of
Barclays’ internal control assessments and Sarbanes-Oxley s404 internal control process. ◾ Assessed disclosure controls
and procedures. ◾ Confirmed that management had reported on and evidenced the basis on which representations to the external auditors were made.   Having evaluated all of the available information and the assurances provided by
management, the Committee concluded that the processes underlying the preparation of Barclays’ published financial statements, including the 2017 Annual Report and financial statements, were appropriate in ensuring that those statements were
fair, balanced and understandable. In assessing Barclays’
financial results statements over the course of 2017, the Committee specifically addressed and provided input to management on the disclosure and presentation of: ◾ the classification of
Barclays’ holding in Barclays Africa as an available for sale asset with effect from 1 June 2017 ◾ the closure of Barclays
Non-Core business and the reintegration of the remaining businesses and portfolio ◾ the Group Finance
Director’s presentations to analysts ◾ the level of segmental reporting. The Committee recommended to the Board that the 2017 Annual Report and financial statements are fair, balanced and understandable.


16 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Other significant matters Apart from financial reporting matters the Committee has responsibility for oversight of the effectiveness of Barclays’ internal controls, the
performance and effectiveness of BIA and   the performance, objectivity and independence of the external auditor. The most significant matters considered during 2017 are described in the table below.
Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Internal control Read more about the Barclays’ internal control and risk management processes on page 40.   The effectiveness of the overall control environment, including the status of any material control issues and the progress of
specific remediation plans.   ◾ Evaluated and tracked the status of the most material control issues identified by management via regular reports from the Chief Controls Officer, assessed against the new
Controls Maturity Model created as part of the Barclays Internal Controls Enhancement Programme (BICEP). ◾ Evaluated the status of
specific material control issues and associated remediation plans, including in particular those relating to model risk, resilience, cyber, compliance, technology, credit risk, transaction operations and data management which remained open as at
December 2017 and which were reported as ‘on track’ to return to satisfactory status within agreed timeframes. ◾ Considered the second line
of defence role in the oversight of operational risk controls, including financial controls over operational risk. ◾ Evaluated reports on the
internal control environment from the external auditor. ◾ Discussed lessons learned
from specific control incidents and how these could be applied to Barclays’ business globally. ◾ Assessed the progress of the
enhancements being made to Barclays’ risk and control self-assessment (RCSA) process. ◾ Clarified the role and
responsibilities of the Committee in relation to the split of responsibility for operational risk between the Committee and the Board Risk Committee.   The Committee welcomed the positive change in approach that the BICEP programme had driven
across the business, notably that the first line of defence was now more focused on proactively self-identifying control issues rather than waiting for them to be highlighted by the second or third lines of defence. The Committee continued to
emphasise the importance of a disciplined self-assessment by management. The Committee provided feedback on the reporting of material control issues, requesting further detail regarding completion dates, key milestones and current status for significant remediation projects to enable closer monitoring
and help drive accountability at the appropriate management level. The Committee challenged the application of the lessons learned process in view of the low level of coverage of significant control incidents.
Management has taken steps to enhance the process and ensure compliance. Going forward this will be tracked by the Chief Controls Office. The Committee has continued to use the output from the RCSA process in its review of the control environment. While providing a reasonable overview
of the control environment, the Committee welcomes management’s plans to put in place a more granular process which should provide greater visibility on controls requiring remediation and associated risks. This approach was piloted in 2017 and
will be rolled out across the Group in 2018.
The effectiveness of the control environment in each individual business, including the status of any material control issues and the progress
of specific remediation plans.   ◾ Assessed reports on individual businesses and functions on their control environment, questioned the heads of the relevant businesses or functions on control concerns and
scrutinised any identified control failures and closely monitored the status of remediation plans or workstreams to enhance the respective control environments. ◾ Received updates directly
from senior management, and scrutinised action plans, in relation to remediation plans following unsatisfactory audit findings. ◾ Reviewed updates from
management on the Designated Market Activity (DMA) remediation plan which addresses Barclays’ regulatory commitments to the Fed and other US and UK regulators in relation to sales and trading practices across the FX Rates and other markets
related business areas.   The Committee received deep dive control environment presentations from Barclays
International and Barclays UK. These provided further detail of management’s assessment of the business unit control environment and key areas of focus, including key controls hot spots for the businesses. The Committee also received a number of presentations from business heads
following unsatisfactory audit reports. The Committee challenged the business regarding their role in identifying the control issues and requested confirmation from management regarding the remediation programme, timeframe and accountability for
delivery and which are subsequently monitored. The Committee was
encouraged that the level of resources being devoted to the DMA programme now shows that it is on track to meet its milestones.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 17


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
The effectiveness of the control environment in the Chief Operating Office (COO) and the status and remediation of any material control
issues.   ◾ Scrutinised on a regular basis the COO control environment, taking the opportunity to directly challenge and question functional leaders, including the Chief Operating Officer
on the progress of remediation plans. ◾ Clarified the Committee’s ongoing responsibility for the oversight of controls matters relating to the Group Service Company. ◾ The Committee received a deep dive control environment presentation from the Chief Information Officer regarding Technology control issues.   The Committee was pleased to note continuing progress over 2017 to address control issues
in accordance with the agreed timescales. The Committee also
received updates on the following matters: ◾ Data ◾ Security of Secret and Confidential Data (SSCD) ◾ Client Assets and Money
(CASS), and ◾ Payments.
The adequacy of the Group’s arrangements to allow employees to raise concerns in confidence without fear of retaliation and the outcomes
of any substantiated cases.   ◾ Considered the results of the “Your View Survey” in relation to employee views on their ability to safely speak up in their business/ function and whether they could
report instances of dishonest or unethical behaviour without fear. ◾ Received an update on
enhancements to Barclays’ whistleblowing programme following the announcement of the PRA/FCA investigations and the outcome of the independent review that was commissioned by the Board. ◾ Monitored instances of retaliation reports and whether any instances had been substantiated. ◾ Monitored whistleblowing
metrics, including case load and case ageing.   The Committee discussed the importance of ongoing dialogue and regular training to ensure
that the route for escalations was clear and cases were directed to the relevant team for investigation and resolution. The Committee supported the focus on training both to colleagues on the channels available, and also managers on how to handle whistleblowing
issues. The Committee also emphasised the importance of sharing positive outcomes of whistleblowing incidents where possible. The Committee was pleased to note that volumes of cases remain proportionate to Barclays’ size and footprint. As Whistleblowing Champion, the Chairman of the Committee made an annual
report to the Board on whistleblowing matters.
Internal audit   The performance of BIA and delivery of the internal audit plan, including scope of work performed, the level of resources and the methodology
and coverage of the internal audit plan.   ◾ Scrutinised and agreed internal audit plans and methodology and deliverables for 2017 and the first half of 2018, including reviewing the number of audits for delivery
following the alignment of the Audit Universe to Barclays new structure following Structural Reform. ◾ Monitored BIA’s
response to feedback received from the PRA as part of its review of internal audit, including independence and impact, quality and weight of resources, productivity and methodology. ◾ Monitored delivery of the agreed audit plans, including assessing internal audit resources and hiring levels and any impacts on the audit plan and reviewing the reasons for the
postponement of audits in greater depth. ◾ Debated audit risk appetite and issue validation. ◾ Tracked the levels of
unsatisfactory audits, including discussing the time taken to issue audit reports and the reasons for any delays. ◾ Discussed BIA’s
assessment of the management control approach and control environment in Barclays UK, Barclays International and the functions. ◾ Evaluated the outcomes from
BIA’s annual self-assessment. ◾ Commissioned an independent external review of BIA. The reviewer was selected as a result of a tender process also run by the Committee.   The Committee received semi-annual thematic controls reports from BIA and a quarterly
operational report during 2017. The Committee reiterated its
support for BIA’s recruitment plans which reflected significant activity during 2017 to ensure appropriate audit coverage to support the focus on BIA quality across the audit cycle. The Committee Chairman provided input into the recruitment of
the two key roles of Head of Internal Audit in Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Committee observed that the issues arising from unsatisfactory audits indicated that there was still work to do in embedding the required level of control consciousness across the Group and ensuring that control exceptions were
highlighted clearly in management reporting. The Committee also requested that senior management support BIA in holding individuals accountable for failure to remediate risks effectively where they had failed BIA validation. The Committee confirmed that it was satisfied with the outcome of the
self-assessment of BIA performance and the independent external review, both of which evidenced that the function generally conforms to the standards set by the Institute of Internal Auditors. It further confirmed that it felt able to rely on the
work of BIA in discharging its own responsibilities. The Committee
is providing oversight over the actions arising from the external review. See page 19 below for further details of the review.


18 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
External audit   The work and performance of KPMG   ◾ Met with key members of the KPMG audit team to discuss the 2017 audit plan and agree areas of focus. ◾ Assessed regular reports from KPMG on the progress of the 2017 audit and any material accounting and control issues identified. ◾ Discussed KPMG’s feedback on Barclays’ critical accounting estimates and judgements. ◾ Discussed KPMG’s draft
report on certain control areas and the control environment ahead of the 2017 year end. ◾ Discussed the approach to
KPMG’s annual report to the PRA which will be issued following completion of the 2017 audit. ◾ Considered the draft SOX
controls report and the draft audit opinion.   The Committee approved the audit plan and the main areas of focus. The Committee also approved the principal services agreement and terms of
engagement in connection with KPMG’s appointment as the Group’s auditors. Read more about the Committee’s role in assessing the performance, effectiveness and independence of the external auditor and the quality of the external audit below.
The Committee also covered the following matters: ◾ tracked the progress of specific work being done to enhance Barclays’ financial crime controls, including the function’s investigation capabilities, in particular in
relation to prevention and detection activities. The Committee also assessed the Group Money Laundering Officer’s annual report ◾ assessed the status of the
programme in place to ensure Barclays’ compliance with client assets (CASS) regulatory requirements, including approving the annual client assets audit report and discussing the potential impact of Structural Reform on client assets ◾ evaluated the outcomes of the assessment of the Committee’s performance and any areas of Committee performance that needed to be enhanced ◾ reviewed and updated its terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval. In addition to these matters, as highlighted above in the section of the table headed ‘Internal audit’ the Committee commissioned an
independent review of BIA which was undertaken by Deloitte during the second half of 2017. The Chartered Institute of Internal Auditors requires an independent external review of internal audit functions to be carried out at least every five years.
Following a selection process, the Committee commissioned Deloitte to conduct this review reporting directly to the Committee. The report concluded that: ◾ BIA demonstrates general
conformance with the relevant standards and guidelines. ◾ BIA has an effective core
audit methodology which reflects investment in Agile ways of working and data analytics which has helped to drive continuous improvement. In this respect it is aligned with or ahead of peers.   ◾ BIA’s
purpose and remit is clearly defined and the function is positioned appropriately within the governance framework of the organisation/ its role as an objective third line of defence. This role has been supported by the clearer delineation of the
first line role of the newly created Chief Controls Office. ◾ The focus on increased
headcount in BIA will help drive audit capacity and capability through enhanced specialist skills/ knowledge. Deloitte reported that BIA cares about its people and has created a supportive environment in which to work. ◾ While there are opportunities to improve BIA’s impact, they are able to deliver effective feedback on the operation of controls that address key risks. The report paid close attention to the matters raised in the 2016 PRA letter
regarding BIA, and Deloitte met with the PRA as part of its review. The Committee was satisfied with the conclusions drawn in the report, while noting the potential development areas identified, in particular, extending the use of data analytics.
BIA has drawn up an action plan in response to the review and the Committee will continue to monitor the delivery of this plan. External auditor Following an
external audit tender in 2015, PWC was replaced in 2017 as Barclays’ statutory auditor by KPMG. Guy Bainbridge of KPMG is Barclays’ senior statutory auditor with effect from the audit for the 2017 financial year.   Assessing external auditor effectiveness, auditor objectivity and independence and non-audit services The Committee is responsible for assessing the effectiveness, objectivity and independence of the Group’s Auditor, KPMG and in 2017 the
Committee was particularly concerned to ensure that the external auditor transition period was managed effectively. This responsibility was discharged throughout the year at formal Committee meetings, during private meetings with KPMG and via
discussions with key executive stakeholders. In addition to the matters noted above, during 2017 the Committee: ◾ approved the terms of the
audit engagement letter and associated fees, on behalf of the Board ◾ discussed and agreed
revisions to the Group policy on the Provision of Services by the Group Statutory Auditor and regularly analysed reports from management on the non-audit services provided to Barclays. ◾ evaluated and approved revisions to the Group policy on Employment of Employees or Workers from the Statutory Auditor and ensured compliance with the policy by
regularly assessing reports from management detailing any appointments made ◾ was briefed by KPMG on
critical accounting judgements and estimates ◾ assessed any potential threats to independence that were self-identified and reported by KPMG ◾ reviewed the report on KPMG issued by the FRC’s Audit Quality Review team.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 19


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Audit
Committee report


KPMG’s performance, independence and objectivity during 2017 were formally assessed at the
beginning of 2018 by way of a questionnaire completed by key stakeholders across the Group. The questionnaire was designed to evaluate KPMG’s audit process and addressed matters including the auditor transition, quality of planning and
communication, technical knowledge, the level of scrutiny and challenge applied and KPMG’s understanding of the business. In addition KPMG have nominated a senior partner on the audit team reporting to the Senior Statutory Auditor to have
specific responsibility for ensuring audit quality. The Committee therefore met with the partner concerned without the Senior Statutory Auditor in order to receive a report on his assessment of audit quality.


Taking into account the results of all of the above, the Committee considered that KPMG maintained their independence and objectivity and the audit
process was effective.

Non-audit services


In order to safeguard the Auditor’s independence and objectivity, Barclays has in place a policy setting out the circumstances in which the
Auditor may be engaged to provide services other than those covered by the Group audit.
The Group Policy on the Provision of Services by the Group Statutory Auditor
 (the “Policy”) applies to all Barclays’ subsidiaries and other
material entities over which Barclays has significant influence. The Policy therefore included Barclays Africa Group Limited up until the point of accounting deconsolidation. The core principle of the Policy is that non-audit services (other than
those legally required to be carried out by the Group’s Auditor) should only be performed by the Auditor in certain, controlled circumstances. The Policy sets out those types of services that are strictly prohibited and those that are allowable
in principle. Any service types that do not fall within either list are considered by the Committee Chairman on a case by case basis, supported by a risk assessment provided by management.


Under the Policy, the Committee has pre-approved all allowable services for which fees are less than £100,000, or less than £25,000 for
tax advisory and tax planning services. However, all proposed work, regardless of the fees, must be sponsored by a senior executive and recorded on a centralised online system, with a detailed explanation of the clear commercial benefit arising from
engaging the auditor over other potential service providers. The audit firm engagement partner must also confirm that the engagement has been approved in accordance with the auditor’s own internal ethical standards and does not pose any threat
to the auditor’s independence or objectivity. All requests to engage the auditor are assessed by independent management before work can commence. Requests for allowable service types in respect of which the fees are expected to meet or exceed
the above thresholds must be approved by the Chairman of the Committee before work is permitted to


begin. Services where the fees are expected to be £250,000 or higher must be approved by the Committee as a whole. All expenses and disbursements must be included in the fees calculation.
The thresholds remained the same following the annual review of the Policy in 2017.

During 2017, all engagements where expected fees met
or exceeded the above thresholds were evaluated by either the Committee Chairman or the Committee as a whole who, before confirming any approval, assured themselves that there was justifiable reason for engaging the auditor and that its independence
and objectivity would not be threatened. No requests to use KPMG were declined in 2017 (2016: one). On a quarterly basis, the Committee scrutinised details of individually approved and pre-approved services undertaken by KPMG in order to satisfy
itself that they posed no risk to independence, either in isolation or on an aggregated basis. For the purposes of the Policy, the Committee has determined that any pre-approved service of a value of under £50,000 is to be regarded as clearly
trivial in terms of its impact on Barclays’ financial statements and has required the Group Financial Controller to specifically review and confirm to the Committee that any pre-approved service with a value of £50,000-£100,000 (or
up to £25,000 for tax advisory and tax planning services) may be regarded as clearly trivial. The Committee undertook a review of pre-approved services at its meeting in December 2017 and satisfied itself that such pre-approved services were
clearly trivial in the context of their impact on the financial statements.

The fees payable to KPMG for the year ended 31 December
2017 amounted to £48m, of which £10m (2016: £17m) was payable in respect of non-audit services (KPMG was appointed as the Group’s statutory auditor from the financial year beginning 1 January 2017). A breakdown of the
fees payable to the auditor for statutory audit and non-audit work can be found in Note 42. Of the £10m of non-audit services provided by KPMG during 2017, the significant categories of engagement, i.e. services where the fees amounted to more
than £500,000, included:


◾   audit-related services: services in connection with Client Asset Sourcebook Rules (“CASS) audits (while the CASS audit fell within the auditor’s scope of services, the fees for such
services did not form part of the global fee arrangements and therefore required separated Audit Committee approval pursuant to the Policy)


◾   quality assurance: support in connection with reports on the internal controls applicable to IBOR submission processes


◾   transaction support: ongoing attestation and assurance services for treasury and capital markets transactions to meet regulatory requirements, including regular reporting obligations and
verification reports

The fees paid to PwC for non-audit work during 2017, in the period before they resigned as the
Group’s statutory auditor, and after they had resigned but before they were non-independent of certain Group entities (and therefore still fell within the Policy), were £3m (2016: £8m). Significant categories of engagement approved
in 2017 included:


◾   transaction support: ongoing support for treasury and capital markets transactions, including providing comfort and accounting letters to meet trust deed and regulatory obligations (this ongoing
support transitioned to KPMG during 2017).

The Committee also reviewed the level of consultancy spend with PwC during
2017, which it had asked to be monitored in the immediate period after they stepped down as the Group’s auditors. Work with an estimated value of £1m million was awarded to PwC during the year (this was in addition to the £3m in
fees paid to PwC for non-audit services referred to above).

The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market Investigation
(Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014

An external audit tender was
conducted in 2015 and the decision was made to appoint KPMG as Barclays’ external auditor with effect from the 2017 financial year, with PwC resigning as the Group’s statutory auditor at the conclusion of the 2016 audit.


Barclays is in compliance with the requirements of The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of
Competitive Tender Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014, which relates to the frequency and governance of tenders for the appointment of the external auditor and the setting of a policy on the provision of non-audit services.


20 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance in
Action – Preparation for IFRS 9
A significant activity for the Committee during 2017 has been overseeing the Group’s
preparation for the implementation of IFRS 9. IFRS 9 Financial Instruments is effective from 1 January 2018 and replaces the IAS 39 accounting standard. The new standard
sets out the recognition and measurement requirements for financial instruments and has three parts: classification and measurement of financial assets, the requirements for impairment of financial assets and a hedge accounting model that is
designed to more closely reflect risk management. As permitted, Barclays intends to continue with the existing IAS 39 hedge accounting model. The new impairment accounting model however has a significant impact on Barclays and the changes are
complex and wide ranging classification and measurement also results in a number of much less significant changes. IFRS 9 has therefore been the subject of significant regulatory and market focus. Barclays has worked with the industry and regulators
to agree a transitional framework for regulatory capital and on disclosures and has taken note of the best practice recommendations they have issued for the management of the transition to the new standard. The Committee received regular updates on the status,
judgements and financial impacts relating to the implementation of IFRS 9 during 2017 and the first quarter of 2018. It has overseen the steps required for Barclays’ transition to the new standard, in particular the delivery into production of
the models and controls which are required for its implementation.   Throughout the process, the Committee emphasised to management the importance of developing the models to
support business decision making to manage risk and ensure appropriate customer outcomes. The Committee reviewed the internal governance and validation processes in Risk and Finance and received regular updates from KPMG on their assurance work. The
Committee also received reports from BIA following the audits undertaken in respect of the IFRS 9 programme, with a number of further audits planned for 2018. The Committee also reviewed the key estimates made by management in considering future
economic scenarios and the criteria for determining when significant credit deterioration is observed. In line with its terms of reference, the Committee has been closely involved in the review of all material external financial reporting relating to
IFRS 9 and is focussed on ensuring clarity, completeness and appropriateness of the Group’s disclosures, particularly given the complexity and technical challenges of this standard. The Committee reviewed the best estimate impact on the Group
which was disclosed in Barclays’ third quarter results and the updated IAS 8 disclosures included in the 2017 financial statements.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 21


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Risk
Committee report


The Committee continued to monitor UK economic trends, consumer behaviour and portfolio performance, and a prudent
approach to lending was maintained.
Dear Fellow Shareholders The focus of the Committee during 2017 has continued to be on assessing the impact of important macro-economic and market developments on the risk
profile of the Group. Credit risk management during 2017 was primarily concerned with the level of exposure to consumer debt both in the UK and US. In the UK, the Committee in 2016 had accepted the recommendation of Management to pursue a
conservative approach to managing growth and balances in credit card debt. This had been prompted by the rising level of personal debt in the UK and concerns of weaker growth and higher inflation resulting from the country’s vote to leave the
European Union. This theme persisted in 2017, as the Committee continued to monitor UK economic trends, consumer behaviour and portfolio performance, and a prudent approach to lending was maintained. In the US, in late 2016, there had been nascent
signs of weakness in the consumer credit portfolio. The Committee had requested Management to perform detailed analyses of the balances and, based on this work, approved in early 2017 the sale of a proportion of the weaker segments of the portfolio.
This action, along with increased conservatism during the year in lending and portfolio quality, has moderated the impact on Barclays of increasing delinquencies among US credit card borrowers being seen among US credit card lenders. While the impairment performance of the Bank was largely within plan,
wholesale credit performance in the UK was slightly weaker than in the US. The Bank experienced higher impairment in its corporate lending book in the UK from the default of certain borrowers in the service sector. In the US, improved economic
conditions, and higher energy prices resulted in favourable corporate impairment trends compared to 2016.   In recent years, the Committee has been closely supervising the strengthening of the capital position of the Bank. Progress
continued in 2017 as the Bank’s capital ratios continued to improve. In assessing the adequacy of the Bank’s capital position, the Committee took into account current financial performance, the impact of expected regulatory developments
(including structural reform), and estimates of the costs of resolving past conduct and litigation issues. Likewise, the Committee is pleased that the liquidity risk in the Bank has been closely monitored and strengthened over the past
year. An important role of the Committee each year is to recommend
the risk appetite of the Bank to the Board: its ability to earn an appropriate return while being able to withstand shocks in the market and economic environment. In addition, the Committee monitors closely the assessment of the Bank’s
performance under a variety of regulatory stress tests. We evaluate not just the outcome of these analyses but the means by which they are performed, particularly the assessment of model risk. These efforts increased in 2017, as the Bank prepared
for the first stress test of the US Intermediate Holding Company (IHC), in addition to completing the newly introduced Biennial Exploratory Scenario for the Bank of England stress test. The Committee assesses external conditions as part of establishing risk
appetite. These remain challenging and our objective was to position the Bank conservatively to deal with economic uncertainty. Key themes that developed during 2017 with potential to have a significant first order impact on Barclays’
businesses included heightened political and economic risk in the UK in the backdrop of Brexit negotiations, increased geo-political risk impacting the delicately poised global economy, and a shortage of new transaction flow in Leveraged Finance
underwriting driving tighter terms. Other emerging risks with potential to impact Barclays include volatility in the UK Pension scheme, UK property price stress and volatility in financial markets after a long period of quiescent
asset   appreciation. The Committee maintains regular oversight of exposure to the key risk themes it has identified and actions taken by
Management in response. During the year, the Committee also
evaluated the financial and capital impacts of operational risk. The Committee has noted, and encouraged, the efforts by Management to improve the Risk and Control Self-Assessment programme in Operational Risk. This work is important in an
environment of heightened cyber risk and increased operational complexity as the Bank implements structural reform. As in past years, the Committee reviewed the execution by Management of material regulatory programmes and initiatives. These included the BCBS239
effort to improve the quality and reliability of data and information, and IFRS 9, a new standard for the estimation of credit impairment. Committee performance The
performance of the Committee during 2017 was assessed as part of an internal annual Committee effectiveness review. The conclusion of my Board colleagues was that the Committee is considered to operate effectively and that the Board continues to
have a high degree of confidence in the diligence and coverage of the Committee. Feedback from the review indicated that the Committee was both effective and influential in identifying areas of risk where Barclays needs to change its performance or
adjust its risk profile. One of the areas identified for
improvement was to consider whether the Committee would benefit from deeper expertise by including a member with a risk function management background and we will give further consideration to this in 2018. The review also highlighted the need to
ensure that the way in which the Committee works with the Board Reputation and Board Audit Committees continues to capture all significant issues effectively while minimising any overlap. I continued to work closely with my fellow Board Committee
Chairmen during


22 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


2017, particularly with the Board Audit Committee Chairman in order to clarify the responsibility of
each committee in relation to operational risk matters during the year which each Committee has a role in overseeing. We will work to embed this further in 2018. The Committee will also focus on ensuring there is a framework in place to ensure clear
allocation of responsibilities regarding the Committee’s interaction with the risk committees of Barclays UK and Barclays International under the new Group structure.


You can read more about the outcomes of the Board effectiveness review on page 40.


Looking ahead

2018 is
important for Barclays as it completes the restructuring required under the structural reform programme. As a result, the firm will have two important subsidiary legal entities in Barclays UK, the core domestic franchise in the UK, and Barclays
International, the Corporate and Investment Banking and international consumer businesses of the firm. These will be in addition to the US Intermediate Holding Company, which is part of Barclays International. The Committee will pay close attention
to the executive’s management of risk within and across these entities.

We expect that credit and employment conditions in the UK
will continue to be uncertain, as future trade and economic arrangements with the EU take shape. In the US, the impact of the corporate tax reform on the health of companies and consumers will need assessment. Lastly, the Committee will continue to
monitor the risk to Barclays from volatility in financial markets, which have experienced many years of steady asset appreciation.


Tim Breedon

Chairman, Board
Risk Committee

21 February 2018


  Committee allocation of time (%)


2017   2016
1 Risk profile/risk appetite (incl capital and liquidity management)   53   52
2 Key risk issues   26   26
3 Internal control/risk policies   12   8
4 Other (incl remuneration and governance issues)   9   14


Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent non-executive Directors. Details of the skills and experience of the Committee members can be found
in their biographies on pages 5 to 6.

The Committee met nine times in 2017, with two of the meetings held at Barclays’ New


York offices. The chart above shows how the Committee allocated its time during 2017. Committee meetings were attended by management,
including the Group Chief

Executive, Group Finance Director, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Risk Officer, Barclays Treasurer and Group
General Counsel, as well as representatives from the businesses and other representatives from the Risk function. Representatives from Barclays’ external auditor, KPMG, and until March 2017, representatives from the outgoing external auditor,
PwC, also attended meetings.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to
attend


Tim Breedon   9/9
Mike Ashley   9/9
Reuben Jeffery   9/9
Diane Schueneman   9/9
Matthew Lester (from 1 September 2017)   3/3
Steve Thieke (to 10 May 2017)   3/3

Committee role and responsibilities


The Committee’s main responsibilities include:


◾   reviewing and recommending to the Board the Group’s financial and operational risk appetite


◾   monitoring the Group’s financial and operational risk profile


◾   commissioning, receiving and considering reports on key financial and operational risk issues


The Committee’s terms of reference are available at
home.barclays/corporategovernance


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 23


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Risk
Committee report


The Committee’s work
The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2017 are described below:
Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Risk appetite and stress testing, i.e. the level of risk the Group chooses to take in pursuit of its
business objectives, including testing whether the Group’s financial position and risk profile provide sufficient resilience to withstand the impact of severe economic stress.   The risk context to Medium Term Plan (MTP), the financial parameters and constraints and mandate and scale limits for specific business risk
exposures; the Group’s internal stress testing exercises, including scenario selection and financial constraints, stress testing themes and the results and implications of stress tests, including those run by the Bank of England
(BoE).   ◾ Assessed the risk context for the 2017 MTP, including general economic and financial conditions and how these had been reflected in planning assumptions. ◾ Debated the assumptions, parameters and results of the internal stress test of the risk appetite of the 2017 MTP. ◾ Discussed and agreed mandate and scale limits for Credit, Market and Treasury and capital risk. ◾ Evaluated the BoE annual cyclical stress test results, and the results of a stress test under the BoE biennial exploratory scenario. ◾ Observed and debated regulatory and market reaction to the publication of BoE stress test results. ◾ Considered and approved internal stress test themes and the financial constraints and scenarios for stress testing risk appetite for the 2018 MTP. ◾ Considered the Federal Reserve Board’s feedback on the US Intermediate Holding Company’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (“CCAR”) capital
plan following the submission of the CCAR stress test results.   The Committee recommended the proposed risk appetite for 2017 to the Board for approval,
although noted that this may need to be revisited to take account of the impact of IFRS 9 in due course. It encouraged management to make further progress on enhancing infrastructure used to conduct the internal stress test. The Committee approved
the 2017 annual stress test results for submission to the BoE, including the range of management actions and overlays designed to mitigate risk impacts. Similarly, the Committee approved the results of the stress test under the BoE biennial exploratory scenario and recommended that the results should
be taken into consideration for strategy projections. In
recommending the internal stress test and risk appetite for the 2018 MTP, the Committee noted and considered that the severity of the internal stress test had been higher than normal, which provided added resilience to the various challenges for the
MTP, such as macroeconomic issues.
Capital and funding, i.e. having sufficient capital and financial resources to
meet the Group’s regulatory requirements and its obligations as they fall due, to maintain its credit rating, to support growth and strategic options.   The trajectory to achieving required regulatory and internal targets and capital and leverage ratios.   ◾ Debated on a regular basis, capital performance against plan, tracking the capital trajectory, any challenges and opportunities and regulatory policy
developments. ◾ Assessed on a regular basis, liquidity performance against both internal and regulatory requirements. ◾ Regularly monitored capital and funding requirements on a legal entity basis. ◾ Assessed the possible
implications of litigation and investigations on the Group’s liquidity position, including a review of the Bank’s liquidity risk control framework. ◾ Monitored the funding
risk and capital volatility associated with the Barclays pension scheme.   The Committee supported the forecast capital and funding trajectory and the actions
identified by management to manage the Group’s capital position. It approved the proposed capital and liquidity processes for Barclays UK for submission to the regulator as part of its banking licence application. The Committee considered and approved the Group capital adequacy assessment
together with the methodologies and results of the reverse stress testing for the submission of the 2017 Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) as well as the Group’s 2017 Individual Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process
(ILAAP).
Political and economic risk, i.e. the impact on the Group’s risk profile of
political and economic developments and macroeconomic conditions.   The potential impact on the Group’s risk profile of political developments, such as elections in other European countries, as well as
continuing to monitor the impact of the aftermath of the UK’s EU Referendum.   ◾ Monitored progress on actions to mitigate the risk of the potential impact of negative interest rates in the UK on Barclays. ◾ Monitored the potential impacts of Brexit, including a “hard” Brexit. ◾ Considered trends in
the UK economy, including risk of inflation amid negative real wage growth. ◾ Continued to monitor
the risks relating to South Africa while Barclays still had control of Barclays Africa Group Limited (BAGL). ◾ Monitored
Barclays’ exposures to certain products, and with particular focus on redenomination risk, and the risk of a single country leaving the Euro.   Following the further sell-down of the equity stake in Barclays Africa and the subsequent
proportionate regulatory deconsolidation, the Committee agreed that South Africa should be removed as an ongoing risk theme, although it continued to maintain oversight of any emerging risk. It also agreed to remove negative interest rates as a key
risk theme on the basis that the actions previously identified and agreed to mitigate the risk were nearing completion. The Committee suggested that monitoring geo-political risks in Europe should be broadened to include other regions, but requested that China
continue to be reported as a separate geo-political risk theme.


24 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Credit risk , i.e. the potential for financial loss if customers fail to fulfil
their contractual obligations.   Conditions in the UK housing market, particularly in London and the South East; levels of UK consumer indebtedness, particularly in the
context of the risk of inflation and negative real wage growth; and the performance of the UK and US Cards businesses, including levels of impairment.   ◾ Continued to assess and monitor conditions in the UK property market in case of signs of stress. ◾ Evaluated how management was tracking and responding to rising levels of consumer indebtedness, particularly unsecured credit in both the UK and US. ◾ Discussed the PRA’s statement on consumer credit and unsecured lending in the UK, and considered Barclays’ response to the PRA statement. ◾ Scrutinised the performance of the UK and US Cards businesses, including the level of impairment. ◾ Reviewed and approved proposals for frameworks relating to Securities Financial Limits and Maximum Exposure Governance. ◾ Scrutinised a strategic review of business activity in the Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB).   The Committee focused on effective collections capability as an important tool of risk
management. The Committee encouraged management to carry on with
its conservative approach to UK lending. The Committee approved
changes to the risk appetite levels for US Cards. The Committee
requested more granular detail of the impact of strategy changes on risk limits and oversight.
Operational risk , i.e. costs arising from human factors, inadequate processes and
systems or external events.   The Group’s operational risk capital requirements and any material changes to the Group’s operational risk profile and performance
of specific operational risks against agreed risk appetite.   ◾ Tracked operational risk key indicators via regular reports from the Head of Operational Risk. ◾ Debated specific areas of emerging risks, including conduct risk, cyber, execution risk, technology and data, including the controls that had been put in place for
managing and avoiding such risks.   The Committee focused its attention on the financial and capital impacts of operational risk. In relation to fraud, it encouraged management
to further integrate strategy, models and operations.
Risk framework and governance   The frameworks, policies and talent and tools in place to support effective risk management and oversight.   ◾ Monitored progress on the implementation of an enhanced modelling framework, including receiving updates from Barclays Internal Audit on findings in relation to specific
modelling processes. ◾ Tracked the progress of significant risk management projects, including the progress on achieving compliance with the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision 239 (BCBS239)
regulation for risk data aggregation principles as well as the roll out of the Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA) process across the Group. Please see the “Governance in Action” box on page 26 for further details about the
Committee’s role in overseeing the RCSA process. ◾ Assessed risk
management matters raised by Barclays’ regulators and the actions being taken by management to respond. ◾ Endorsed Legal risk and
Model risk, as new Principal Risks under the ERMF, forming part of the Committee’s roles and responsibilities in future. ◾ Reviewed the
implementation of the Enterprise Risk Management Framework during 2017 which had been designed to address feedback from the PRA following a review of the EMRF.   The Committee requested a gap analysis together with an action plan to remediate specific
weaknesses identified in the internal audit in relation to modelling. The Committee assessed during the year the Group’s risk management capability in the form of a Risk Capability Scorecard and reviewed and approved proposals for the external third party evaluation which was scheduled to be
performed in early 2018.
Remuneration   The scope of any risk adjustments to be taken into account by the Board Remuneration Committee when making remuneration decisions for
2017.   ◾ Debated, in a joint meeting with the Board Reputation Committee, the Risk function’s view of 2017 performance, making a recommendation to the Board Remuneration
Committee on the financial and operational risk factors to be taken into account in remuneration decisions for 2017.   The Committee discussed the report of the Chief Risk Officer and considered the proposal put forward in relation to the impact of relevant
risk factors in determining 2017 remuneration decisions, noting that it should also include positive events such as the 2017 Banking Standards Board report which had reported improvements on 2016.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 25


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board Risk
Committee report


In addition, the Committee also covered the following matters in 2017: ◾ assessed Barclays’ exposures to the leveraged finance market, general conditions in that market and approved an updated leveraged finance framework which would be
submitted annually to the Committee for approval ◾ was briefed by PwC on
main risk issues identified during the 2016 year-end audit, specifically impairment, post-model adjustments, forbearance control issues, key valuation judgements (including in relation to the ESHLA portfolio), and key assumptions used in the pension
scheme liabilities ◾ requested and evaluated a report on partnership programmes in the US Cards business with a focus on risk profile and credit quality ◾ considered a report on the effectiveness of the Committee and any areas of the Committee’s performance that could be improved ◾ reviewed and updated its terms of reference, recommending them to the Board for approval.   Governance in Action – Risk and Control Self Assessment Programme
A key focus of the Committee in 2017 was
oversight of the implementation of a revised Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA) programme. The RCSA enhancement programme was established as part of Barclays’ commitment to the effective management the Group’s Operational risk and
extend both the scope of coverage across a wider range of risks, and also improve the granularity of management’s risk and control assessments of business processes. The programme is the firm-wide process led approach for management to identify
and regularly assess material inherent risks and their associated controls, in order to mitigate these risks and reduce the likelihood and/or severity of losses to the firm from a Risk event. In 2017, a number of pilot RCSAs were rolled out across the Group in addition
to the regular RCSA process, which was also enhanced. Improvements were also made in the assessment of inherent risk values and the aggregation process for risk and control assessments across risk types. During the year, the Committee reviewed
progress in terms of the RCSAs completed across the Group, and also considered the next steps in the review process and the results of the residual risk assessments. Based on the results of the pilot RCSAs undertaken,   the Committee was satisfied that the
process will improve management’s understanding of the risk and control environment, so they can prioritise and remediate ineffective controls where required. Following completion of the pilot RCSA programme, the Committee considered the ways in which the RCSA programme could be enhanced for the wider
implementation of the programme in 2018. The Committee considered specific revisions of the 2017 RCSA programme with the aim
of: ◾ improving the identification of inherent risk, control effectiveness and residual risk by going into detail at a more granular process level ◾ increasing the degree
of independent challenge provided by all three lines of defence ◾ increasing the granularity of assessments for a further set of pilot RCSAs to estimate inherent risk at activity level by risk type, together with the identification and
assessment of detailed operating controls by activity and residual risk. The Committee will continue to work with management in 2018 on further refining and enhancing the RCSA programme.


26 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Reputation Committee report


The Committee has been well positioned during 2017, a time of significant organisational change for the Group, to
ensure that our people, whether within Barclays UK, Barclays International or the Group Service Company, continue to demonstrate behaviours and conduct that are consistent with the Barclays Values.
Dear Fellow Shareholders This
is my second report to you as Chairman of the Board Reputation Committee. At the conclusion of my last report I commented that the Committee, by way of its membership, executive engagement and reporting processes, had built a strong foundation on
which to base its future operations and drive Barclays to be a governance leader in conduct, culture and reputation matters. This strong foundation has ensured that the Committee has been well positioned during 2017, a time of significant
organisational change for the Group, to ensure that our people, whether within Barclays UK, Barclays International or the Group Service Company, continue to demonstrate behaviours and conduct that are consistent with the Barclays
Values . On two occasions during 2017 the Committee extended an
invite to representatives of the Banking Standards Board (BSB) to present and discuss the outcomes of their 2016 and 2017 assessments of Barclays. As an independent third party with insights across the banking industry as a whole, the Committee
attaches significant value to the insights offered by the BSB and I would like to extend my personal thanks to Dame Colette Bowe and her team at the BSB for their continuing work to promote the highest standards of behaviour in UK banking and
restore public trust in the sector. We were encouraged to hear that the results had generally improved between 2016 and 2017 and were particularly pleased to see how strongly the Barclays Values still resonate with our colleagues. The
Committee also carefully considered the BSB’s feedback on results relating to colleague resilience and you will find an outline of our discussion on colleague well-being on page 29.   One of the key
challenges faced by the Committee is how to maintain oversight of Group Conduct and Culture matters as a whole, without overlooking the cultural differences that, naturally and quite rightly, exist between our different operating businesses and
support functions. During the year the Committee actively discussed this challenge and, in an attempt to address this, I rebalanced the Committee’s agenda by introducing business and functional “Deep Dive” sessions into each meeting.
The Deep Dives allow the Committee to understand the conduct, culture and customer satisfaction issues being faced in specific areas of the business and the actions undertaken to address them. Whilst consideration of our well-refined dashboards and
Reputation risk reports ensure that Group-level metrics, challenges and initiatives remain clearly visible and subject to Committee consideration and challenge. You can read about some of the Deep Dives undertaken by the Committee during 2017 on the
following pages. A significant output from the Committee during
2017 resulted from discussions around Barclays’ historic commitments to the financing of certain fossil fuels projects, which resulted in a decision to develop a more proactive approach to the management of sustainability issues across the
Barclays business. I would encourage you to refer to the Governance in Action box on page 32 for further details on this initiative.   Committee
performance Through the process of the annual Board effectiveness review, which confirmed the continued effectiveness of the
Committee, the ongoing evolution of the Committee’s role and the increased impact that it had during the last year was clearly acknowledged. An area that the review identified for further consideration was the continued oversight of Conduct and
Reputation risk matters in the post-structural reform corporate structure, which I will ensure is addressed by the Committee ahead of April 2018. Looking ahead Finally, I
would like to record my thanks to Mike Roemer, who stepped down as Group Chief Compliance Officer in October 2017, for his outstanding contribution to the work of the Committee during his tenure in that role. I would also like to thank Diane de
Saint Victor, who stepped down from the Committee on her retirement from the Board in May 2017. I look forward to working with our new Committee member, Mike Turner and, subject to regulatory approval, our new Group Chief Compliance Officer, Laura
Padovani, as we continue to support the delivery of the Board’s collective vision of the Barclays Values . Sir Gerry Grimstone Chairman,
Board Reputation Committee 21 February 2018


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 27


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Reputation Committee report


  Committee allocation of time (%)


2017   2016*
1 Conduct and compliance   36%   33%
2 Culture   20%   21%
3 Customer satisfaction   14%   6%
4 Citizenship   16%   13%
5 Brand & other Reputation risk   14%   27%
* 2016 figures have been rebased according to the significant matters
considered by the Committee in 2017.


Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent non-executive Directors. During 2017, Diane de Saint Victor stepped down from the Committee and the
Barclays Board with effect from 10 May 2017.

The Committee met four times during 2017 and the chart to the left shows how it
allocated its time. Committee meetings were attended by representatives from management, including the Group Chief Executive, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Internal Auditor, Chief Risk Officer, Group General Counsel, Group Chief of Staff, Group HR
Director and the Heads of Corporate Communications, Citizenship and Reputation, as well as senior representatives from the businesses and other functions. A representative from KPMG, Barclays’ external auditor, attended each Committee meeting
during the year and representatives from the BSB attended two meetings during 2017.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Sir Gerry Grimstone   4/4
Mike Ashley   4/4
Mary Francis   4/4
Dambisa Moyo   4/4
Diane de Saint Victor (to 10 May 2017)   1/1


Committee role and responsibilities


The principal purpose of the Committee is to:


◾   support the Board in promoting its collective vision of Barclays’ purpose, values, culture and behaviours


◾   ensure, on behalf of the Board, the efficiency of the processes for identification and management of Conduct and Reputation risk


◾   oversee Barclays’ conduct in relation to its corporate and societal obligations, including setting the guidance, direction and policies for Barclays’ approach to customer and regulatory
matters and Barclays’ Citizenship Strategy, including advising the Board and management on these matters.


The Committee’s terms of reference are available at
home.barclays/corporategovernance


The Committee’s work
The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2017 are described below:
Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Conduct risk   Monitoring the risks that can arise from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct.   ◾ Discussed updates from
management on Conduct risk and considered performance against Conduct risk indicators at each meeting. ◾ Discussed the specific
Conduct risks associated with certain business areas and the status of initiatives in place to address those risks and further strengthen the culture of the business. ◾ Received reports from
Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) in respect of internal audit activities on conduct risk management matters, including details of any unsatisfactory audit reports and remediation steps identified. ◾ Discussed and approved the Conduct Risk Framework, with Conduct risk having been identified as a Principal Risk under the Barclays Enterprise Risk Management Framework
(ERMF). ◾ Received forward looking information on regulatory developments, including the issuance of new consultations by regulators, that might have a Conduct risk impact on
Barclays in the future. ◾ Approved the annual Compliance Plan. ◾ Considered and approved
the proposed methodology for calculating Conduct risk adjustments to incentive pools.   In line with its re-categorisation under the ERMF, the Committee adopted Board-level oversight of financial crime risk and
conducted a Deep Dive into this area. The Conduct dashboard report was updated to include financial crime information and metrics, and the Committee was encouraged by management’s open and transparent approach to engaging with regulators on
financial crime matters. The Committee considered the differing
regulatory requirements placed on the UK and US Cards businesses and have suggested that a “Barclays view” should overlay the requirements of local regulations to ensure that all retail facing businesses within the Group operate within a
framework that prioritises the concept of “Treating Customers Fairly”. During discussion of the realignment of businesses between Barclays UK and Barclays International, the Committee encouraged management to take advantage of opportunities presented by structural reform to address some areas of
Conduct risk by harmonising policies and operations, in areas such as collections and affordability assessments. The Committee considered an update from BIA on the use of Conduct risk information by legal entities within the Group and their assessment of
reporting mechanisms and the escalation of issues up the organisational hierarchy.


28 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Cultural progress   Reviewing management’s progress on embedding a values-based culture across the organisation.   ◾ Debated culture dashboards presented at each meeting and the progress being made to embed cultural change across Barclays globally. ◾ Received regular updates on colleague engagement metrics and the results of employee YourView surveys and considered proposed changes to the YourView
methodology. ◾ Approved the adaption of the Culture dashboard to include the monitoring of cultural attributes across the firm. ◾ Considered and discussed with representatives of the BSB the results of their 2016 and 2017 Annual Reviews of Barclays. ◾ Considered a Deep Dive analysis on culture within Barclaycard UK, including the process and challenges of integrating the UK Cards business into Barclays UK. ◾ Considered feedback from the FCA on the Conduct and Culture dashboards. ◾ Received information on
management’s initiatives to improve colleague well-being and resilience, including actively encouraging employees to work dynamically and providing a supportive environment in which colleagues feel able to talk about the impacts of stress and
mental health concerns. ◾ Considered draft disclosures on the Gender Pay Gap within the Group and industry comparators.   Through consideration of the Culture dashboards and YourView results, the Committee was
encouraged by the consistently strong sustainable engagement scores achieved throughout 2017. Improvements have been made in the area of colleague enablement, however the Committee appreciated management’s acknowledgement that further
improvement is still required in this area, notably in terms of reducing perceived bureaucracy throughout the organisation. The Committee discussed the importance of a culture in which colleagues feel able to speak up and raise concerns. Particular attention has been paid
to whistleblowing metrics throughout the year and, on recommendation of the Committee, the YourView survey system now contains a direct link to Barclays’ whistleblowing resources with the intention of further encouraging and supporting
employees to report instances of unethical or inappropriate behaviour. Additional and more detailed information is becoming available to the Committee, by way of reporting on cultural attributes, on what employees perceive to be the most prevalent facets of Barclays’ organisational culture. It is
intended that this information be used to monitor attainment of a set of desired attributes and facilitate further discussion and action in order to achieve this. By way of discussion of the FCA’s feedback on Barclays’ dashboards, the Committee acknowledged that the dashboards are just one of a
number of key management information tools used to set its agenda and facilitate an ongoing discussion with management on culture which leads, in some cases, to deliberate actions being taken by the Group and business executive
committees.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 29


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Reputation Committee report


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Customer satisfaction   Ensuring fair outcomes for customers by monitoring complaints volumes, the standard and quality of complaints handling processes and other
relevant metrics.   ◾ Debated complaints dashboards and performance against key indicators at each meeting. ◾ Gave consideration to
the impact that matters, such as an effective communication channel, have on customer complaints volumes. ◾ Considered the quality
of the processes in place to address and resolve customer complaints. ◾ Monitored trends in the
underlying causes of complaints and considered forward looking analysis to identify events (both industry wide and Barclays-specific) which could influence the volume and timings of complaints. ◾ Considered the differing complaints profiles of the Barclays UK and Barclays International businesses and the actions being undertaken to positively improve the customer
journey by utilising complaints management information (MI). ◾ Requested further
insight into the first line management of customer complaints and conducted a Deep Dive into Barclays UK’s complaints handling processes (Barclays UK receives the majority of Barclays’ customer complaints given its retail
focus). ◾ Requested additional Deep Dives on areas of the Barclays International business that have a retail customer base and considered the complaints profiles of those
businesses. ◾ Considered the progress being made by relevant businesses to improve their respective net promoter score (NPS).   The Committee was pleased to see a general downward trend in the number of complaints
received by Barclays during 2017. While the Committee still
receives a Group-wide report on complaints, underlying reporting has been refined in line with organisational changes to ensure the Committee receives a clear view on the complaints metrics of Barclays UK and Barclays International respectively. The
Committee made recommendations to management, in the context of the structural reform programme, in respect of ensuring a consistent “Barclays” customer experience is received by retail clients whether they are being serviced by Barclays
UK or Barclays International. The Committee developed its
understanding of how complaints MI is mapped by Barclays UK in order to identify root causes and received information on the strategic initiatives being undertaken to address them. The Committee’s Deep Dive also led to further refinement of the
Barclays UK Complaints dashboards to include complaints volumes by channel. The analysis of the data revealed a high level of customer satisfaction with Barclays’ online bank offering. The Committee was pleased to see an increase in Barclays UK’s NPS during
the course of 2017 and support management’s objective of further increasing NPS to ensure Barclays UK remains competitive against challenger and start-up banks. In relation to Barclays International’s business areas, the Committee was encouraged to hear that complaints volumes were at an all-time low
within Barclaycard US (BCUS) but noted management’s desire to improve the business’s net promoter score against key US competitors. The Committee also considered the approach being taken by Barclays Partner Finance (BPF) to identify
potential areas of future complaints and proactively reaching out to customers to resolve issues before complaints arise.


30 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Citizenship   Monitoring progress against the Shared Growth Ambition (Barclays’ Citizenship Plan for 2016-2018) and the effectiveness of policy
statements on Citizenship matters.   ◾ Considered the Citizenship dashboards presented at each meeting and assessed status updates on the Shared Growth Ambition. ◾ Reviewed Barclays’ ratings and relative peer ranking in external Environment, Social, Governance (ESG) benchmarks and tracked external perceptions on Citizenship
through stakeholder and media analysis. ◾ Received information on
new Citizenship initiatives such as the #Digisafe campaign which aims to educate individuals to better protect themselves against digital fraud. ◾ Received an update from Barclays’ Global Head of Financial Crime in respect of the function’s development of intelligenceled initiatives to combat fraud. ◾ Reviewed and recommended the approval of Barclays’ statement on modern slavery.   The Committee was very pleased to see that Citizenship metrics demonstrate a high level of
colleague pride in the contribution Barclays makes to the community and society. The Committee is very encouraged by management’s decision to dedicate resource to financial crime, skills and employability and digital empowerment initiatives that provide benefits not only to Barclays and its customers, but
to the banking industry and UK population more generally.
Reputation and brand   Ensuring that the Barclays brand is proactively managed and Reputation risks and issues are identified and managed appropriately.   ◾ Reviewed Reputation risk updates from management, receiving specific information on those issues deemed to constitute the most significant Reputation risks and issues in
each quarter. ◾ Regularly evaluated the measures being taken to enhance the Barclays brand and to understand, and propose action to improve, where appropriate,
external perceptions of the Bank. ◾ Considered whether the
process for identifying, managing and overseeing Reputation risk was functioning effectively.   The Committee approved the Reputation Risk Framework, confirming that Reputation risk is
now a Principal Risk under the ERMF. Significant discussion also took place in respect of the correlation between cultural indicators, conduct outcomes and Reputation risk. The Committee requested further refinement of the Reputation risk reporting
received to include sentiment analysis of media coverage and metrics on Barclays’ social media presence. The Corporate Relations priorities for 2017 were pre-approved by the Committee and fulfilment of those priorities kept under review throughout the
year. This process improved management’s ability to more effectively understand and monitor external perceptions of Barclays among key stakeholders. The Committee requested that management undertake work to further refine the
components of Reputation risk, clarify the process for identifying risks, enhance management oversight and give consideration to how the overall process can be better communicated.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 31


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Reputation Committee report


The Committee also covered the following
matters: ◾ received a report on management’s annual review of the effectiveness of compliance with the Volcker Rule (restrictions on proprietary trading and certain fund investments
by banks operating in the US) ◾ received a report from management on Barclays’ Swap Dealer Annual Compliance Report ◾ discussed the outcome of an externally facilitated review on Barclays compliance with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and
its comparative performance against its peers. ◾ approved, from a Reputation risk perspective, a proposal to restructure certain intra-group shareholdings and enhance capital utilisations ◾ assessed and discussed a report on the Committee’s performance ◾ reviewed and updated its
terms of reference.   Governance in Action –
Responding to Stakeholder Concerns During the year, the Committee
gave consideration to Barclays’ exposure to environmental, social and sustainability matters through its business relationships and challenged management to establish a more formal and proactive approach to documenting policy positions and
guidelines in relevant sectors. In response to recommendations
from the Committee, management commenced work to review Barclays’ involvement and practices in certain ‘sensitive sectors’ and is in the process of drawing up proposals for sector-specific policies that will articulate the forward
looking intentions of Barclays in these areas. The Committee will be reviewing and approving these policies during 2018 and look forward to reporting on their content and implementation in next year’s Annual Report. The Committee considers that the establishment of sector-specific policies
and guidelines will be a significant step in further enhancing the role that Barclays plays in the wider business community and believe they will improve the quality of the Company’s future reporting on climate change and other matters of
social and environmental interest.
Read more about Barclays’ risk management on pages 77 to 78 and in our Pillar 3 Report, which is available online at barclays.com/annualreport


32 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Nominations Committee report


In
2017 we made significant progress towards our new Group governance structure in preparation for structural reform and the stand up of our ring-fenced bank in 2018, with appointments having been made to both the Barclays UK and Barclays International
divisional boards.


Dear Fellow
Shareholders In 2017 we made significant progress towards our new Group governance structure in preparation for
structural reform and the stand up of our ring-fenced bank in 2018, with appointments having been made to both the Barclays UK and Barclays International divisional boards. We are delighted to welcome the new directors to those boards, led by Sir
Gerry Grimstone as Chairman of Barclays International (subject to regulatory approval) and Sir Ian Cheshire as Chairman of Barclays UK (which will become our ring-fenced bank). We continued to refine the details of how the Group Board will interact
with those boards and the boards of our other strategically significant subsidiaries, building on the Governance Guiding Principles created in 2016. We look forward to working collaboratively with them to ensure that the roles and responsibilities
of each board are clear, while providing effective governance of the Group and protection of shareholder interests. In view of the significant changes to our Group corporate structure, and always bearing in mind the long term strategy of the
Group, the Committee continues to regularly consider our Board composition and succession plans, ensuring it comprises the right balance of diversity, skills and experience to provide the strategic oversight needed to steer the business of the
Group. We conducted searches for non-executive Directors in 2017 and were pleased to appoint Matthew Lester and Mike Turner CBE to the Board, in addition to the appointment of Sir Ian Cheshire. Matthew, Mike and Sir Ian each bring with them
significant board-level experience and you can find out more about their background and relevant skills and experience that they bring to the Board in their profiles on pages 5 to 6. I have previously emphasised that it is a key part of our
role to be satisfied that there are proper processes in place for executive succession, and this continues to remain another key consideration of the Committee. We closely monitored the status and progress   of the Barclays Talent and Succession strategy, providing input and guidance to management
to ensure we attract and retain the best talent for the Group. As a Committee, we also discuss ways in which we can develop and nurture high performing individuals within senior management to strengthen our succession pipeline, including the use of ex officio posts to relevant executive committees to give those individuals exposure to Group matters and leadership. Our people are the driving force in sustaining our business and we firmly believe in the benefits of having a diverse workforce. I am proud to see
the number and variety of diversity and inclusion initiatives we have at Barclays to develop and support colleagues, and ultimately to encourage them to grow their careers with us. While we recognise that diversity is not only about gender, it is
nevertheless an important element of diversity and we have set ourselves a target of 33% female representation on the Board by 2020, which as a Board we remain committed to achieving. Please see page 37 for further information about our approach to
diversity at both Board and Group Executive Committee levels. Committee performance The
performance of the Committee was assessed as part of the annual Board effectiveness review and I am pleased to report that the results show that it is performing effectively, with the role and responsibilities of the Committee clear and well
understood. One area identified for consideration is that the Committee should be mindful of ensuring that all non-executive Directors receive the same flow of information in relation to decisions and discussions by the Committee, which I will
address in my updates to the Board as Chairman of the Board Nominations Committee, and outside of scheduled Board meetings to the extent appropriate. The report on the Board effectiveness review can be found on page 36.   Looking ahead In 2018 we look forward to the execution of our new Group structure and to the implementation of robust processes providing clear, consistent and
effective corporate governance for the Group post-structural reform. Throughout this period of change, the Committee will continue to ensure that we have the right people leading the strategic direction of Barclays, motivating colleagues and
sustaining our business over the long term. John
McFarlane Chairman, Board Nominations Committee 21 February 2018


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 33


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Nominations Committee report


  Committee allocation of time (%)


2017   2016
1 Corporate governance matters   8   20
2 Board and Committee composition   42   36
3 Succession planning and talent   33   31
4 Board effectiveness   11   8
5 Other   6   5


Committee composition and meetings


The Committee is composed solely of independent non-executive Directors. John McFarlane, as Chairman of the Board, is also Chairman of the
Committee. Mike Ashley, Tim Breedon, Crawford Gillies, and Sir Gerry Grimstone, being the Chairmen of each of the other Board Committees, and Sir Ian Cheshire (as Chairman of Barclays UK) and Reuben


Jeffery III, are also members of the Committee. Details of the skills and experience of the Committee
members can be found in their biographies on pages 5 and 6.

During 2017 there were three meetings of the Committee, including one held
at Barclays’ New York offices. Attendance by members at Committee meetings is shown below and the chart to the left shows how the Committee allocated its time. Committee meetings were attended by the Group Chief Executive, with the Group HR
Director, the Head of Talent, and the Global Head of Diversity and Inclusion attending as appropriate.


Member   Meetings attended/eligible to attend
John McFarlane   3/3
Mike Ashley   3/3
Tim Breedon   3/3
Crawford Gillies   3/3
Sir Gerry Grimstone   3/3
Reuben Jeffery III   3/3
Sir Ian Cheshire (from 9 May 2017)   0/1   *


*   Sir Ian Cheshire did not attend owing to prior commitments, but his views and comments were made available to, and considered by, the Committee.


Committee role and responsibilities


The principal purpose of the Committee is to:


◾   support and advise the Board in ensuring that the composition of the Board and its Committees is appropriate and enables them to function effectively


◾   examine the skills, experience and diversity on the Board and plan succession for key Board appointments, planning ahead to deal with upcoming retirements and to fill any expected skills gaps


◾   provide Board-level oversight of the Group’s talent management programme and diversity and inclusion initiatives


◾   agree the annual Board effectiveness review process and monitor the progress of any actions arising


◾   ensure the Board has appropriate corporate governance standards and practices in place and keep these under review to ensure they are consistent with best practice.


The Committee’s terms of reference are available at

home.barclays/corporategovernance


The Committee’s work


The significant matters addressed by the Committee during 2017 are described below:


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Board and Board Committee composition   The membership of the Barclays PLC Board and the current and future composition of the Board and its Committees.   ◾ Reviewed the Board skills matrix and discussed the key skills and experience needed on the Board in the context of future strategic direction, including any areas
requiring strengthening for skills and succession and conducted a search for non-executive Directors. ◾ Considered the skills
and composition of the Board in a post-structural reform environment. ◾ Reviewed the
membership, size and composition of Board Committees.   The Committee identified the need to appoint an additional non-executive Director with
chairman or CEO experience to add further depth to the Board. During the year it recommended for appointment to the Board Mike Turner CBE, Sir Ian Cheshire (brought on as Chairman of Barclays UK) and Matthew
Lester (following the Committee’s previous recommendation of an additional non-executive Director with accounting and auditing experience). The Committee agreed that a search would be conducted for an additional female non-executive Director to
promote diversity of gender on the Board and in recognition of the Board’s commitment to achieving 33% female representation on the Board by 2020. The Committee agreed to review the role, purpose and composition of the Group Board once the Barclays UK and Barclays International Boards were
fully constituted and operational as divisional boards. It noted that changes to Board Committee membership may take place once those boards, as well as the Group Service Company board, were operational so that a holistic view can be taken on
appropriate memberships and cross-memberships of boards and committees. Please refer to page 35 for more details of the Board’s approach to the recruitment of new Directors.


34 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Area of focus   Matter addressed   Role of the Committee   Conclusion/action taken
Board composition of Barclays UK and Barclays International in preparation for the legal entity stand up in 2018 under the
structural reform programme   The composition of the Barclays UK and Barclays International divisional boards.   ◾ Considered the board skills matrix for Barclays UK and Barclays International. ◾ Considered updates on
the establishment of boards of Barclays UK and Barclays International and discussed the suitability of potential candidates identified to join those boards.   The Committee, in reviewing the skills matrices for Barclays UK and Barclays International
following appointments to those boards, is of the view that there do not appear to be any skills gaps across the two boards, subject to the recruitment of a non-executive Director with retail banking experience to the Barclays UK board. It discussed
opportunities for interaction between the Barclays PLC, Barclays UK and Barclays International boards and agreed to consider opportunities for engagement at board and committee level going forward.
Executive succession planning and talent management   Succession planning and talent management at Group Executive Committee level.   ◾ Considered updates on, and progress being made against, Barclays’ Talent and Succession strategy, including monitoring diversity within the talent
pipeline. ◾ Discussed updates from the Group HR Director on Group Executive Committee succession plans, including assessing emergency cover, the existing talent pipeline and any
potential gaps. ◾ Considered individuals identified as potential Group Executive Committee successors and discussed next steps for their development. ◾ Considered the succession plans for the most critical business unit and functional roles and discussed how to develop the high performing individuals
identified.   The Committee welcomed the progress made in the Group Executive Committee succession
planning, but noted that there was further work to be done in ensuring we are able to recruit and retain the best talent for the Group. It noted that the boards of Barclays UK and Barclays International, once established, would be able to take a
more granular view of succession to some of the roles. The Committee also discussed the use of ex officio posts to both the Group Executive Committee and business executive committees to give senior individuals exposure to Group matters as a
further way of developing those individuals to ensure a healthy pool of potential candidates in the succession pipeline.


In addition, the Committee covered the following matters:


◾   considered the results of, and the action plan in respect of, the 2016 Board effectiveness review and the process for the 2017 Board and Committee effectiveness review


◾   reviewed and confirmed the effectiveness of the processes for authorising Directors’ conflicts of interests and Directors’ induction and training


◾   considered a report on the effectiveness of the Committee


◾   reviewed the Committee’s terms of reference.

Appointment and
re-election of Directors

Board and Board Committee composition is a standing item for consideration at each Committee meeting. This
includes the consideration of potential new non-executive Director appointments, both in respect of planned succession for known retirements and as a result of the ongoing review of the skills and experience needed on the Board in order for it to
continue to operate effectively.

The Committee frequently considers a skills matrix for the Board, which identifies the core
competencies, skills, diversity and experience required for the Board to deliver its strategic aims and govern the Group effectively. Certain attributes identified in the skills matrix have a target weighting attached to them and these are regularly
updated over time to reflect the


needs of the Group. The Committee reviews the skills matrix when considering a new appointment to the
Board, as well as reviewing the current and expected Board and Board Committee composition. This helps to determine a timeline for proposed appointments to the Board.


When recruiting a new non-executive Director, the specific skills that are needed are identified, for example, an individual with international
experience, or recent history serving on a particular board committee. The
Charter of Expectations
 contains the key competencies and skills expected of non-executive Directors, and these, in addition to other details such as expected time
commitment, will be included in an individual specification. The Committee as a whole then considers curriculum vitae and references for potential candidates. Any candidates who are shortlisted will be interviewed by members of the Committee and, if
applicable, key shareholders and Barclays’ regulators may be asked to provide feedback on the proposed appointment. The Board is updated on the progress of the recruitment and interview process, and any feedback from the interviews is provided
to the Board alongside a recommendation for appointment.

Executive search firms Egon Zehnder and Buchanan Harvey were instructed to
assist with the search for non-executive Directors during 2017. Neither firm has any other connection to Barclays, other than to provide recruitment services. Open advertising for


Group Board positions was not used in 2017, as the Committee believes that targeted recruitment is
the optimal way of recruiting for Board positions. Both of the firms used for non-executive Director recruitment have signed up to the Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms, which include measures designed to improve gender diversity
on boards.

In 2017, Barclays announced the appointments of Sir Ian Cheshire, Matthew Lester and Mike Turner CBE as non-executive
Directors, with each Director bringing specific skills and experience to fill the role previously identified by the Committee as well as all having extensive board-level experience (see pages 5 to 6 for details of each Director’s experience and
background). Diane de Saint Victor and Steve Thieke both stood down from the Board with effect from the end of the 2017 AGM.

The
Directors in office at the end of 2017 were subject to an effectiveness review, as described on page 36. Based on the results of the review the Board accepted the view of the Committee that each Director proposed for election or re-election
continues to be effective and that they each demonstrated the level of commitment required in connection with their role on the Board and the needs of the business.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 35


Governance: Directors’ report


What we did in 2017

Board
Nominations Committee report


Review of Board and Board Committee effectiveness


Process

Each year, an
evaluation is conducted on the effectiveness of the Board, the Board Committees and individual Directors. Full external evaluations of Board effectiveness have been undertaken in the past two years. In view of the impending new Group corporate
structure, following which another external evaluation will be carried out once the structure has had time to settle, the Board decided to focus this year’s review on individual Director performance to monitor the Board’s progress and to
inform the agenda of the next full external review process.

Independent Board Evaluation facilitated the effectiveness review for 2016
and was engaged again to conduct the 2017 Board review, also again led by Ffion Hague. Independent Board Evaluation is an independent external consultancy with no other connection to Barclays. Consistent with previous years, Ffion Hague carried out
interviews with the Directors to obtain feedback on the effectiveness of the Board throughout 2017.

Independent Board Evaluation issued
a report to the Board on the findings of the effectiveness review. In addition, the Chairman was provided with a report and feedback on the performance of each of the


Directors, and the Senior Independent Director received a report on the Chairman.


Following consideration of the findings of the 2017 Board and Committee effectiveness reviews, the Directors remain satisfied that the Board and
each of the Board Committees are operating effectively.

Outcomes of 2017 review


Board performance is considered to be improving, with more effective and insightful questions being asked in Board debates and a better balance
being struck between support and challenge. In particular, the Directors were positive about:


◾   the preparations for structural reform


◾   project execution, such as the remediation of control issues and preparations for Brexit


◾   the recruitment of high quality new Board members and members for the boards of Barclays UK and Barclays International.


The Directors were also pleased with progress on strengthening the senior executive team and deepening relationships between Directors and key
executives. The executive team feels well supported by the Board and is grateful for that support.

Business performance is a concern for
Board members, and the Board is focused on improving this within the Group. This will be a particular area of focus in 2018. The


restructuring of the Group in April 2018 is also a significant focus for the Group and regarded as a
major challenge. The Board is cognisant of the challenges of ensuring the new Group corporate structure is effective and efficient, and is conscious of the need to maintain good governance overall and minimise duplication. The interaction between
the Group Board and the boards of our strategically significant subsidiaries will be closely monitored and thought will be given to identifying opportunities for engagement with subsidiary board members to develop and maintain a good working
relationship. The impact of the new structure on Board work and governance will be a key area of review for the 2018 external evaluation of the Board.

Committee effectiveness

The 2017 Board Committee effectiveness review was carried out internally, led by the
Company Secretary. A questionnaire was circulated to all Committee members with a report of the findings of the effectiveness review provided to the Chair of each Committee as well as an update to the Board. The conclusion from the Committee reviews
is that the Committees are working well, and you can read more about the findings for each Board Committee within each Committee Chairman’s letter.


Progress against 2016
findings

Following the 2016 Board effectiveness review facilitated by Independent Board Evaluation, a number of findings were
identified and the summary below sets out the Board’s progress against those actions in 2017.


2016 findings   Actions taken/findings in 2017
Board priorities   Create regular broad-based risk oversight Board sessions to allow Directors to look across
the risk spectrum. Schedule a debate on the role of the Board and
non-executive Directors and link the conclusions to revised Board objectives to help focus the Board’s agenda.   Time was scheduled for free-ranging discussion around risk, strategy and the Bank’s
long term plan during the Board’s annual strategy session. The review reported that Board discussion was more focused and struck a balance between support and challenge.
Board/executive
relationship   Positive and
constructive relations between the Board and the new management team were reported.   The review found
that the relationship between the Board and executive management deepened during 2017, with executive management feeling well supported.
Optimise
communication and collaboration a   Continue to
optimise the information flow between Directors in the run-up to structural reform in 2018. Consider agreeing common values for the Group and the banking subsidiary boards in the new structure.   The Chairman
continued to hold meetings with non-executive Directors ahead of Board meetings to brief them on current issues. Further principles and practices were developed for interaction between the Board and the boards of Barclays UK and Barclays International, building
on the Governance Guiding principles created in 2016.
Board
appointment process   Continue to refine
the Board skills matrix to ensure it aligns with the Group’s strategy and informs the succession plan for key Board roles. Implement more regular reporting to the Board on potential non-executive Directors under consideration.   The Board skills
matrix and succession plan were kept under review, with separate skills matrices established for the Barclays UK and Barclays International boards. Board members were updated on recruitment progress and details of potential candidates.
Director
induction   Continue to enhance
the Director induction process with a focus on providing broader governance training to anyone who has not previously served on a UK PLC board.   The induction
programme was reviewed to factor in tailored governance training for new Directors and was extended also to directors of Barclays UK, Barclays International and the Group Service Company.
Reporting to the
Board b   Review reporting
arrangements on strategy implementation and review the KPIs or dashboard reports for key initiatives.   The form and
content of reporting to the Board was reviewed and refreshed by management to ensure that the Board is provided with appropriate management information on strategy and execution priorities.

Notes

a  In 2016 this finding was named “Greater awareness of Board Committee work”.

b  In
2016 this finding was named “Dealing more strategically with global regulation”.


36 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Diversity on the Board and Group Executive Committee
The Board continues to have regard to the Hampton-Alexander Review recommendations to
improve gender diversity among FTSE leadership teams and the Parker Review recommendations on the ethnic diversity of UK boards. The Committee recognises the importance of ensuring that there is broad diversity inclusive of, but not limited to, gender,
ethnicity, geography and business experience on the Board, while continuing to recommend all appointments based on merit in the context of the skills and experience required. Barclays’ approach to Board diversity is set out in full in the Board Diversity Policy, which can be found online at home.barclays/corporategovernance. Our Board Diversity Policy recognises that a truly diverse Board will include and make good use of the differences in skills, experience,
background, race, gender and other distinctions brought by each Director, with such differences   With regard to ethnic diversity, the Board considers that Barclays is currently well-positioned in
terms of representation at Board level and also at Group Executive Committee level when taking into account the Parker Review definition (being “individuals of Black, East Asian, Latin American, Middle Eastern or South Asian ethno-cultural
backgrounds”). The Board will continue to monitor the overall diversity of our leadership pipeline to ensure we are attracting the broadest spectrum of leaders to Barclays. During 2017, the Committee received regular updates from the Global Head of
Diversity and Inclusion covering the full spectrum of Barclays’ diversity and inclusion agenda, including the actions being taken regarding dynamic working, colleague inclusion, workforce diversity, mental health awareness and social mobility.
The Committee is pleased with the progress being made and discussed ways in which inclusion might be tracked. Management is continuing to work on drawing together indicators across the Group to develop a metric to measure progress on
inclusion.
being considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board. When executive search
firms are engaged to assist with the recruitment of a new Director, diversity is identified as a key factor. In addition, the external Board evaluation considered diversity when assessing the effectiveness of the Board. The Barclays Board target of
33% female representation among Directors by 2020 is formally reflected in the Board Diversity Policy as well as being noted in the Board skills matrix. Noting the current gender diversity balance on the Board, and as mentioned earlier in
this report, the Committee has commissioned the recruitment of a further female non-executive Director to strengthen the diversity of gender on the Board. Further details about the current diversity balance of the Board can be found on page
4. The Committee is also mindful of the
current gender diversity balance of the Group Executive Committee, but is satisfied with the overall level of diversity across that Committee standing at 33% and with the percentage of women among the direct reports of Group Executive Committee
members strengthening our succession pipeline. Further, Barclays is committed to achieving 33% female representation among the Group Executive Committee and their direct reports by 2020, and is currently reporting 25% female representation among
this population. In 2017, the Group Executive Committee continued the initiative introduced by the Group Chief Executive in 2016 of having one ex-officio position on the Committee to broaden the scope of perspectives and contributions made,
with each appointee serving for a four-month rotation.   Further details about the current
diversity balance of the Board can be found on page 4. More details on Barclays diversity and inclusion strategy and the progress made can be found on page 47.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 37


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Leadership


As highlighted earlier in this report, the Board of Directors is responsible for promoting the highest standards of corporate governance in
Barclays. We act in a way that we consider promotes the success of Barclays for the benefit of shareholders as a whole, and are accountable to the shareholders for creating and delivering sustainable value. We are responsible for setting strategy
and overseeing its implementation, and also ensuring that management maintains an effective system of internal control.

For further
information about the role of the Board and its responsibilities, together with the Board governance framework, please see page 8.


Roles on the Board


Executive and non-executive Directors share the same duties and are subject to the same constraints. However, in line with the principles of the
Code, a clear division of responsibilities has been established. The Chairman is responsible for leading and managing the work of the Board, while responsibility for the day-to-day management of Barclays has been delegated to the Group


Chief Executive. The Group Chief Executive is supported in this role by the Group Executive
Committee. Further information on membership of the Group Executive Committee can be found on page 7.

As a Board we have set out our
expectations of each Director in Barclays’
 Charter of Expectations.
 This includes role profiles and the behaviours and competencies required for each role on the Board, namely the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Senior Independent Director,
non-executive Directors, executive Directors and Committee Chairmen. The Charter of Expectations is reviewed annually to ensure it remains relevant and up-to-date. It is published on
home.barclays/corporategovernance
 to ensure that there is
complete transparency of the standards we set for ourselves.

Attendance


As members of the Board of Directors we are expected to attend every Board meeting. In 2017, we attended both scheduled and additional Board
meetings, as recorded in the table below. The Chairman met privately with the non-executive Directors ahead of each scheduled Board meeting, and if, owing to exceptional circumstances, a Director was not able to attend a Board meeting they ensured
that their views were made known to the Chairman in advance of the meeting.


Board Attendance   Independent   Scheduled Meetings eligible to attend   Scheduled Meetings attended   % attendance   Additional Meetings eligible to attend   Additional meetings attended   % attendance
Group Chairman
John McFarlane   On appointment   8   8   100   7   7   100
Executive Directors
Tushar Morzaria   Executive Director   8   8   100   4   4   100
Jes Staley   Executive Director   8   8   100   4   4   100
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   Independent   8   8   100   7   7   100
Tim Breedon   Independent   8   8   100   7   6   86
Sir Ian Cheshire   Independent   6   5   83   4   4   100
Mary Francis   Independent   8   8   100   7   7   100
Crawford Gillies   Independent   8   7   88   7   7   100
Sir Gerry Grimstone   Senior Independent Director   8   8   100   7   7   100
Reuben Jeffery III   Independent   8   8   100   7   7   100
Matthew Lester   Independent   3   3   100   1   1   100
Dambisa Moyo   Independent   8   7   88   7   7   100
Diane Schueneman   Independent   8   8   100   7   7   100
Mike Turner CBE a   Independent   -   -   n/a   –   –   n/a
Former Directors
Diane de Saint Victor   Independent   3   3   100   3   3   100
Steve Thieke   Independent   3   3   100   3   3   100
Secretary
Stephen Shapiro   2   2   100   –   –   n/a
Former Secretaries
Lawrence Dickinson   1   1   100   1   1   100
Claire Davies   5   5   100   6   6   100

Note

a Mike Turner CBE joined the Board with effect from 1 January 2018. As part of his induction programme, he attended the December 2017 board meeting.


38 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Board Committee cross-membership


The table below shows the number of cross-memberships of our non-executive Directors across our Board Committees.


Board Audit Committee   Board Nominations Committee   Board Remuneration Committee   Board Reputation Committee
Board Risk Committee   4   3   1   1
Board Reputation
Committee   1   2   2
Board Remuneration   Committee   2   2
Board Nominations   Committee   3


Effectiveness


Composition of the Board

In
line with the requirements of the Code, a majority of the Board are independent non-executive Directors. The Board currently comprises a Chairman, who was independent on appointment, two executive Directors and eleven non-executive Directors. We
consider the independence of our non-executive Directors annually, using the independence criteria set out in the Code and by reviewing performance against behaviours that we have identified as essential in order to be considered independent. As
part of this process, the Board keeps under review the length of tenure of all Directors, which is a factor that is considered as part of its deliberations when determining independence of our non-executive Directors. The independence criteria can
be found in
Corporate Governance in Barclays
 at
home.barclays/corporategovernance.


The Board Nominations Committee
considers Board succession planning and regularly reviews the composition of the Board and the Board Committees to ensure that there is an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience, independence and knowledge. The size of the Board is
not fixed and may be revised from time to time to reflect the changing needs of the business and the Board Nominations Committee will consider the balance of skills and experience of current Directors when considering a proposed appointment.


Each year we carry out an effectiveness review in order to evaluate our performance as a Board, as well as the performance of each of
the Board Committees and individual Directors. This annual review assesses whether each of us continues to discharge our respective duties and responsibilities effectively and is considered when deciding whether individual Directors will offer
themselves for election or re-election at the AGM. More information on the 2017 Board effectiveness review can be found on page 36.


Our biographies containing our relevant skills and experience, Board Committee membership and other
principal appointments can be found on pages 5 and 6. Details of changes to the Board in 2017 and year to date are disclosed on page 3.


The service contracts for the executive Directors and the letters of appointment for the Chairman and non-executive Directors are available for
inspection at our registered office.

Time commitment


We are expected to allocate sufficient time to our role on the Board in order to discharge our responsibilities effectively. This includes
attending, and being well-prepared for, all Board and Board Committee meetings, as well as making time to understand the business, meet with executives and regulators, and complete ongoing training. As stated in our
Charter of Expectations,

time commitment is agreed with each non-executive Director on an individual basis. Set out below is the average expected time commitment for the role of non-executive Directors and the other non-executive positions on the Board. For these additional
positions there is an expectation that, in order to effectively fulfil extra responsibilities, additional time commitment is required.


Role   Expected time commitment
Chairman   80% of a full time position
Deputy Chairman   At least 0.5 days a week
Senior Independent Director   As required to fulfil the role
Non- executive Director   30 days a year (membership of one Board Committee included, increasing to 40 days a year if a member of two Board Committees)
Committee Chairmen   At least 60 days a year (including non-executive Director time commitment)


The Chairman must commit to expend whatever time is necessary to fulfil his duties and, while this is
expected to be equivalent to 80% of a full time position, his Chairmanship of the Group, and leadership of the Board, has priority over other business commitments. In exceptional circumstances, we are all expected to commit significantly more time
to our work on the Board.

Induction

On appointment to the Board, all Directors receive a comprehensive induction which is tailored to the new Director’s individual requirements. The induction schedule is designed to quickly provide the new Director with an
understanding of how the Group works and the key issues that it faces. The Company Secretary consults the Chairman when designing an induction schedule, giving consideration to the particular needs of the new Director. When a Director is joining a
Board Committee the schedule includes an induction to the operation of that committee.

On completion of the induction programme, the
Director should have sufficient knowledge and understanding of the nature of the business, and the opportunities and challenges facing Barclays, to enable them to effectively contribute to strategic discussions and oversight of the Group.


Following their appointment in 2017, Sir Ian Cheshire, Matthew Lester and Mike Turner CBE received induction programmes on joining the
Board. In line with normal practice, they met with the Company Secretary, the current non-executive Directors and members of the Group Executive Committee and certain other senior executives.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 39


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Training and development


In order to continue to contribute effectively to Board and Board Committee meetings, Directors are regularly provided with the opportunity to take
part in ongoing training and development and can also request specific training that we may consider necessary or useful. As part of our annual performance review with the Chairman, we discuss any particular development needs that can be met through
either formal training or meeting with a particular senior executive. In 2017, Directors received ongoing training in relation to legal and regulatory developments, including in relation to the requirements of, and responsibilities under, the UK
Senior Managers Regime.

Conflicts of Interest


In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Association the Board has the authority to authorise conflicts of interest. Directors
are required to declare any potential or actual conflicts of interest that could interfere with their ability to act in the best interests of the Group. The Company Secretary maintains a conflicts register, which is a record of actual and potential
conflicts, together with any Board authorisation of the conflict. The authorisations are for an indefinite period but are reviewed annually by the Board Nominations Committee, which also considers the effectiveness of the process for authorising
Directors’ conflicts of interest. The Board retains the power to vary or terminate the authorisation at any time.

Information
provided to the Board

The Role Profile for the Chairman, as set out in our
Charter of Expectations,
 confirms his
responsibility for ensuring that members of the Board receive accurate, timely and high-quality information. In particular, we require information about Barclays’ performance to enable us to take sound decisions, monitor effectively and provide
advice to promote the success of the Company. Working in collaboration with the Chairman, the Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring good governance and consults Directors to ensure that good information flows exist and that the Board
receives the information it requires in order to be effective.

Throughout the year both the executive Directors and senior executives
keep the Board informed of key developments in the business through regular reports and updates. These are in addition to the presentations that the Board and Board Committees receive as part of their formal meetings. Directors are able to seek
independent and professional advice at Barclays’ expense, if required, to enable Directors to fulfil their obligations as members of the Board.


Accountability


Risk Management and Internal Control

The Directors are responsible for ensuring that management maintains an effective system of risk management and internal control and for assessing its effectiveness. Such a system is designed to identify, evaluate and manage, rather
than eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


Barclays is committed to operating within a strong system of internal control that enables business to be transacted and risk taken without exposing
itself to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damage. Barclays has an overarching framework that sets out the Group’s approach to internal governance,
The Barclays Guide,
 which establishes the mechanisms and processes by which
management implements the strategy set by the Board to direct the organisation, through setting the tone and expectations from the top, delegating its authority and assessing compliance.


A key component of
The Barclays Guide
 is the
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
(ERMF). The purpose of the ERMF is to identify and
set minimum requirements in respect of the main risks to achieving the Group’s strategic objectives and to provide reasonable assurance that internal controls are effective. The key elements of the Group’s system of internal control, which
is aligned to the recommendations of
The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, Internal Control – Integrated Framework
 (2013 COSO), are set out in the risk control frameworks relating to each of the
Group’s Principal Risks. As well as incorporating our internal requirements, these reflect material Group-wide legal and regulatory requirements relating to internal control and assurance.


Effectiveness of internal controls

Key controls are assessed on a regular basis for both design and operating effectiveness. Issues arising out of business risk and control assessments and other internal and external sources are examined to identify pervasive themes.
Where appropriate, control issues are reported to the Board Audit Committee (BAC). In addition, the BAC receives regular reports from management, Barclays Internal Audit (BIA) and the Finance, Compliance and Legal functions covering, in particular,
financial controls, compliance and other operational controls.


Risk management and internal control framework


The ERMF is the Group’s internal control framework, which is refreshed annually. There are eight Principal Risks under the ERMF: Credit risk,
Market risk, Treasury and capital risk, Operational risk, Model risk, Reputation risk, Conduct risk and Legal risk.

The BAC formally
reviews the system of internal control and risk management annually. Throughout the year ended 31 December 2017 and to date, the Group has operated a system of internal control that provides reasonable assurance of effective operations covering
all controls, including financial and operational controls and compliance with laws and regulations. Processes are in place for identifying, evaluating and managing the Principal Risks facing the Group in accordance with the
‘Guidance on
Risk Management, Internal Control and Related Financial and Business Reporting’
 published by the Financial Reporting Council.


The review of the effectiveness of the system of risk management and internal control is achieved through a four-step approach which is centred on
reviewing the effectiveness of
The Barclays Guide
 and its component parts:


1.   Control meetings of the Business and Functional Executive Committees monitor, review and challenge the effective operation of key risk management and control processes, including the results of
audits and reviews undertaken by BIA (which include assessments of the Control Environment and Management Control Approach) and examinations and assessments undertaken by our primary regulators, on an ongoing basis as part of the system of risk
management and internal control. The remediation of issues identified within the Control Environment is regularly monitored by management and the BAC.


2.   Testing of the Control meetings, held by the Executive Committees, provides assurance that the committees are effectively overseeing the Control Environment and associated risk management and
internal control processes.


3.   The owners of the key governance processes which comprise The Barclays Guide undertake a review to confirm that processes have been implemented.


4.   The annual review of the system of risk management and internal control brings together the results of the activities completed in steps 1 to 3 to ensure that each of the key processes has been
effectively reviewed.


40 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Regular reports are made to the Board covering risks of Group-level significance. The Board Risk
Committee and the Board Reputation Committee examine reports covering the Principal Risks as well as reports on risk measurement methodologies and risk appetite. Further details of risk management procedures and potential risk factors are given in
the Risk review and risk management sections on pages 75 to 162
.

Controls
over financial reporting

A framework of disclosure controls and procedures is in place to support the approval of the Group’s
financial statements. Specific governance committees are responsible for examining the Groups’ financial reports and disclosures to ensure that they have been subject to adequate verification and comply with applicable standards and
legislation. These committees report their conclusions to the BAC which debates its conclusions and provides further challenge. Finally, the Board scrutinises and approves results announcements and the Annual Report, and ensures that appropriate
disclosures have been made. This governance process ensures that both management and the Board are given sufficient opportunity to debate and challenge the Groups’ financial statements and other significant disclosures before they are made
public.

Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting


Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external reporting purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Internal control over financial reporting includes
policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and the respective Directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.

Management has assessed the internal control over financial reporting of Barclays PLC Group’s and
Barclays Bank PLC Group’s as of 31 December 2017. In making its assessment, management utilised the criteria set out in the 2013 COSO framework and concluded that, based on its assessment, the internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of 31 December 2017. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report on the Barclays PLC Group internal control over financial reporting, which is set out on page 186.


The system of internal financial and operational controls is also subject to regulatory oversight in the UK and overseas. Further information on
supervision by the financial services regulators is provided under Supervision and Regulation in the Risk review section on pages 155 to 162
.


Changes in internal control over financial reporting


There have been no changes in the Groups’ internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report
which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Groups’ internal control over financial reporting.

Remuneration

The Board has delegated responsibility for the consideration and approval of the remuneration arrangements
of the Chairman, executive Directors, other senior executives and certain Group employees to the Board Remuneration Committee. The Board as a whole, with the non-executive Directors abstaining, considers annually the fees paid to non-executive
Directors. Information on the activities of the Board Remuneration Committee in 2017 can be found in the Remuneration report on pages 51 to 74
, which forms part of the corporate governance
statement.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 41


Governance: Directors’ report


How we comply


Stakeholder engagement
Investor
Engagement The Board is committed to promoting effective channels of communication with our shareholders and
upholding good corporate governance as a means of building stronger and more engaged relationships with them. Our comprehensive Investor Relations engagement with the market helps us to understand investor views about Barclays, which are
communicated regularly to the Board. Our shareholder communication guidelines, which underpin all investor engagement, are available on our website at home.barclays/investorrelations . Institutional Investors In 2017, our Investor Relations engagement with institutional investors took place throughout the year, both following our
quarterly results as well as outside of the reporting cycle. This allowed the opportunity for existing and potential new investors to engage with Barclays regularly, promoting dialogue on longer-term strategic developments as well as on the recent
financial performance of the Group. The
Directors, in conjunction with the senior executive team and Investor Relations, participated in varied forms of engagement, including investor meetings, seminars and conferences across many geographic locations, reflecting the diverse nature of our
equity and debt institutional ownership. Divisional management also presented extensively to investors, promoting greater awareness and understanding of our operating businesses. During 2017, discussions with investors were focused on
the completion of our restructuring, including the sell down of our interest in Barclays Africa Group Limited to 14.9% and the closure of Non-Core in June, as well as our revised Group financial targets and our plans to achieve them within the
specified timelines. Investors were also kept informed about progress on structural reform, in particular the set up of the UK ring-fenced bank, which we expect to take place in the second quarter of 2018. Investor meetings focused on corporate governance also
took place throughout the year, with the Chairman, Senior Independent Director, other Board representatives and the Company Secretary. We held conference calls/webcasts for our quarterly results briefings and an in-person presentation for our 2016 full year
results in March 2017, all hosted by the Group Chief Executive and Group Finance Director. In addition, the Group Finance Director held a   quarterly breakfast briefing for sellside analysts, with a transcript of the discussions uploaded to our
website. For fixed income investors we held conference calls at our full year and half year results, hosted by our Group Finance Director and Group Treasurer. The Investor Relations section of our website is an important communication channel that enables the effective distribution of information to the
market in a clear and consistent manner. Executive management presentations, speeches and, where possible, webcast replays are uploaded to our website on a timely basis. Private Shareholders During 2017, we continued to communicate with our private shareholders through our shareholder mailings. Shareholders can also choose to sign up to
Shareview so that they receive information about Barclays and their shareholding directly by email. On a practical level, over 60,000 shareholders did not cash their Shares Not Taken Up (SNTU) cheque following the Rights Issue in September 2013. In
2017, we continued the tracing process to reunite these shareholders with their SNTU monies and any unclaimed dividends and by the end of the year, we had returned approximately £200,000 to our shareholders, in addition to the £1.65m
returned in 2016 and £2.2m in 2015. Each year we launch a Share Dealing Service aimed at shareholders with relatively small shareholdings for whom it might otherwise be uneconomical to deal. One option open to shareholders is to donate their
sale proceeds to ShareGift. As a result of this initiative, more than £61,000 was donated in 2017, taking the total donated since 2015 to over £299,000. Our AGM The Board and the
senior executive team continue to consider our AGM as a key date for shareholder engagement. The AGM provides us with our main opportunity to engage with shareholders, particularly our private shareholders, on the key issues facing the Group and any
questions they may have. A number of Directors, including the Chairman, were available for informal discussion either before or after the meeting. All resolutions proposed at the 2017 AGM, which were considered on a poll, were passed with votes
“For” ranging from 85.67% to 99.95% of the total votes cast. The 2018 AGM will be held on Tuesday 1 May 2018 at the QEII Conference Centre in London. The Notice of AGM can be found in a separate document, which is sent out at least 20 working days before the AGM and also made available
at   home.barclays/agm. Voting on the resolutions will again be by poll and the results will be announced via
the Regulatory News Service and made available on our website on the same day. We encourage any shareholders who are unable to attend on the day to vote in advance of the meeting via home.barclays/ investorrelations/vote or through Shareview (www.shareview.co.uk). 2017 engagement
timeline


42 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


The Directors present their report together with the audited accounts for the year ended 31 December 2017.


Other information that is relevant to the Directors’ Report, and which is incorporated by
reference into this report, can be located as follows:


Page
Employee involvement   47
Policy concerning the employment of disabled persons   48
Financial instruments   212
Hedge accounting policy   200
Remuneration policy, including details of the remuneration of each Director and Directors’ interests in shares   51
Corporate governance report   1
Risk review   75
Disclosures required pursuant to Listing Rule 9.8.4R can be found on the following pages:
Page
Long-term incentive schemes   81
Waiver of Director emoluments   70
Allotment for cash of equity securities   251
Waiver of dividends   43


Profit and dividends


Statutory loss after tax for 2017 was £894m (2016: profit £2,828m). The final dividend for 2017 of 2.0p per share will be paid on
5 April 2018 to shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on 2 March 2018. With the interim dividend totalling 1.0p per ordinary share, paid in September 2017, the total distribution for 2017 is
3.0p (2016: 3.0p) per ordinary share. The interim and final dividends for 2017 amounted to £509m (2016: £757m).

For
2018, Barclays anticipates resuming a total cash dividend of 6.5p, subject to regulatory approvals.

The nominee company of certain
Barclays’ employee benefit trusts holding shares in Barclays in connection with the operation of the Company’s share plans has lodged evergreen dividend waivers on shares held by it that have not been allocated to employees. The total
amount of dividends waived during the year ended 31 December 2017 was £0.68m (2016: £2.6m).

Barclays understands the
importance of the ordinary dividend for our shareholders. Barclays is therefore committed to maintaining an appropriate balance between total cash returns to shareholders, investment in the business, and maintaining a strong capital position. Going
forward, Barclays intends to pay an annual ordinary dividend that takes into account these objectives, and the medium-term earnings outlook of the Group. It is also the Board’s intention to supplement the ordinary dividends with additional
returns to shareholders as and when appropriate.

The Board notes that in determining any proposed distributions to shareholders, the
Board will consider the expectation of servicing more senior securities.

Board of Directors


The names of the current Directors of Barclays PLC, along with their biographical details, are set out on pages 5 and 6
 and are incorporated into this report by reference. Changes to Directors during the year are set out in the table below.


Name   Role   Effective date of appointment/ resignation
Sir Ian Cheshire   Non-executive Director   Appointed 3 April 2017
Matthew Lester   Non-executive Director   Appointed 1 September 2017
Mike Turner CBE   Non-executive Director   Appointed 1 January 2018
Diane de Saint Victor   Non-executive Director   Retired 10 May 2017
Stephen Thieke   Non-executive Director   Retired 10 May 2017


Appointment and retirement of Directors


The appointment and retirement of Directors is governed by the Company’s Articles of Association (the Articles), the UK Corporate Governance
Code (the Code), the Companies Act 2006 and related legislation.

The Articles may only be amended by a special resolution of the
shareholders. The Board has the power to appoint additional Directors or to fill a casual vacancy among the Directors. Any such Director holds office only until the next AGM and may offer himself/herself for re-election. The Code recommends that all
directors of FTSE 350 companies should be subject to annual re-election. All Directors will stand for election or re-election at the 2018 AGM.

Directors’ indemnities

Qualifying third party indemnity provisions (as defined by section 234 of the
Companies Act

2006) were in force during the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2017 for the benefit of the then
Directors and, at the date of this report, are in force for the benefit of the Directors in relation to certain losses and liabilities which they may incur (or have incurred) in connection with their duties, powers or office. In addition, the
Company maintains Directors’ & Officers’ Liability Insurance which gives appropriate cover for legal action brought against its Directors.

Qualifying pension scheme indemnity provisions (as defined by section 235 of the Companies Act 2006) were in force during the course of the financial year ended 31 December 2017 for the benefit of the then Directors, and at the
date of this report are in force for the benefit of directors of Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited as Trustee of the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund. The directors of the Trustee are indemnified against liability incurred in connection with
the company’s activities as Trustee of the Barclays Bank UK Retirement Fund.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 43


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


Similarly, qualifying pension scheme indemnities were in force during 2017 for the benefit of
directors of Barclays Executive Schemes Trustees Limited as Trustee of Barclays Bank International Limited Zambia Staff Pension Fund (1965), Barclays Capital International Pension Scheme (No.1), and Barclays PLC Funded Unapproved Retirement Benefits
Scheme. The directors of the Trustee are indemnified against liability incurred in connection with the company’s activities as Trustee of the schemes above.


Political donations

The
Group did not give any money for political purposes in the UK, the rest of the EU or outside of the EU, nor did it make any political donations to political parties or other political organisations, or to any independent election candidates, or
incur any political expenditure during the year.

In accordance with the US Federal Election Campaign Act, Barclays provides
administrative support to a federal Political Action Committee (PAC) in the US funded by the voluntary political contributions of eligible employees. The PAC is not controlled by Barclays and all decisions regarding the amounts and recipients of
contributions are directed by a steering committee comprising employees eligible to contribute to the PAC. Contributions to political organisations reported by the PAC during the calendar year 2017 totalled $67,250 (2016: $12,500).


Environment

Barclays
focuses on addressing environmental issues where we believe we have the greatest potential to make a difference. We focus on managing our own carbon footprint and reducing our absolute carbon emissions, developing products and services to help
enable the transition to a low-carbon economy, and managing the risks of climate change to our operations, clients, customers and society at large.

We invest in improving the energy efficiency of our operations and offset the emissions remaining through the purchase of carbon credits, sourced from verified projects. We also have a long-standing commitment to managing the
environmental and social risks associated with our lending practices, which is embedded into our Credit risk processes. A governance structure is in place to facilitate clear dialogue across the business and with suppliers around issues of potential
environmental and social risk.

We have disclosed global greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) that we are responsible for as set out by the
Companies Act 2006 (Strategic Report and Directors’ Report) Regulations 2013. We provide fuller disclosure on (i) financing solutions for the lower carbon economy, (ii) environmental risk management and (iii) management of our
carbon and environmental footprint in the Barclays Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report available on our website at
home.barclays.com/citizenship.
 We have also provided initial disclosures aligned with the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial


Disclosures (TCFD) in the Strategic Report and ESG Report.


Current Reporting Year a 2017   Previous Reporting Year 2016   Previous reporting Year 2015
Global Green House Gas (GHG) Emissions b
Total CO 2 e emissions (tonnes)   347,165   402,531   479,934
Scope 1 CO 2 e emissions
(tonnes) c   25,627   26,721   29,144
Scope 2 CO 2 e emissions
(tonnes) d   250,897   308,473   342,012
Scope 3 CO 2 e emissions
(tonnes) e   70,641   67,336   93,989
Intensity Ratio
Total Full Time Equivalent (Full Time Equivalent)   79,900   76,500   85,800
Total CO 2 e emissions (tonnes) per
FTE f   4.34   5.26   5.59
Scope 2 CO 2 e market based emissions (tonnes) d   298,469   337,483

Notes


a   The carbon reporting year for our GHG emissions is 1 October to 30 September. The carbon reporting year is not fully aligned to the financial reporting year covered by the Directors’
report.


b   The methodology used to calculate our GHG is the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG): A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard Revised Edition, defined by the World Resources Institute/World
Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI/WBCSD). We have adopted the operational control approach on reporting boundaries to define our reporting boundary. Where properties are covered by Barclays’ consolidated financial statements but
are leased to tenants, these emissions are not included in the Group GHG calculations. Where Barclays is responsible for the utility costs, these emissions are included.


On 1 June 2017 we completed the sale of a 33.7% stake in Barclays Africa Group Limited (BAGL) resulting in a non-controlling position. In 2017 we have restated our GHG emissions through to the
2015 baseline to account for this and BAGL emissions are not reported from 2015 onwards in order to ensure accurate tracking against our 30% carbon reduction commitment. In addition, we have restated our Scope 3 emissions to remove erroneous air
data which was identified as part of the 2017 reporting process.


c   Scope 1 covers direct combustion of fuels and company owned vehicles (from UK only, which is the most material contributors). Fugitive emissions reported in Scope 1 cover emissions from UK,
Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe.


d   Scope 2 location and market emissions cover electricity and steam purchased for own use. Market based emissions have been reported for 2017 and 2016 only.


e   Scope 3 covers indirect emissions from business travel (global flights and ground transport from the UK, USA and India. USA and India ground transport covers onwards car hire only which is provided
directly by the supplier. Ground transportation data (excluding Scope 1 company cars) covers only countries where robust data is available directly from the supplier.


f   Intensity ratio calculations have been calculated using location based emission factors only.


Research and development


In the ordinary course of business, the Group develops new products and services in each of its business divisions.


Share capital

Share
capital structure

The Company has ordinary shares in issue. The Company’s Articles also allow for the issuance of sterling, US
dollar, euro and yen preference shares (preference shares). No preference shares have been issued as at 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report). Ordinary shares therefore represent 100% of the total issued
share capital as at 31 December 2017 and as at 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report). Details of the movement in ordinary share capital during the year can be found in Note 31 on page 251
.


Voting


Every member who is present in person or represented at any general meeting of the Company, and who is entitled to vote, has one vote on a show of
hands. Every proxy present has one vote. The proxy will have one vote for and one vote against a resolution if he/she has been instructed to vote for or against the resolution by different members or in one direction by a member while another member
has permitted the proxy discretion as to how to vote.

On a poll, every member who is present or represented and who is entitled to vote
has one vote for every share held. In the case of joint holders, only the vote of the senior holder (as determined by order in the share register) or his/her proxy may be counted. If any sum payable remains unpaid in relation to a member’s
shareholding, that member is not entitled to vote that share or exercise any other right in relation to a meeting of the Company unless the Board otherwise determines.


If any member, or any other person appearing to be interested in any of the Company’s ordinary shares, is served with a notice under section
793 of the Companies Act 2006 and does not supply the Company with the information required in the notice, then the Board, in its absolute discretion, may direct that that member shall not be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company.
The Board may further direct that if the shares of the defaulting member represent 0.25% or more of the issued shares of the relevant class, that dividends or other monies payable on those shares shall be retained by the Company until the direction
ceases to have effect and that no transfer of those shares shall be registered (other than certain specified ‘excepted transfers’). A direction ceases to have effect seven days after the Company has received the information requested, or
when the Company is notified that an excepted transfer of all of the relevant shares to a third party has occurred, or as the Board otherwise determines.


44 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Transfers


Ordinary shares may be held in either certificated or uncertificated form. Certificated ordinary shares shall be transferred in writing in any usual
or other form approved by the Company Secretary and executed by or on behalf of the transferor. Transfers of uncertificated ordinary shares shall be made in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and CREST Regulations.


The Board is not bound to register a transfer of partly-paid ordinary shares or fully-paid shares in exceptional circumstances approved by the FCA.
The Board may also decline to register an instrument of transfer of certificated ordinary shares unless it is (i) duly stamped, deposited at the prescribed place and accompanied by the share certificate(s) and such other evidence as reasonably
required by the Board to evidence right to transfer, (ii) it is in respect of one class of shares only, and (iii) it is in favour of a single transferee or not more than four joint transferees (except in the case of executors or trustees
of a member).

In accordance with the provisions of Section 84 of the Small Business, Enterprise and Employment Act 2015, preference
shares may only be issued in registered form. Preference shares shall be transferred in writing in any usual or other form approved by the Company Secretary and executed by or on behalf of the transferor. The Company’s registrar shall register
such transfers of preference shares by making the appropriate entries in the register of preference shares. Each preference share shall confer, in the event of a winding up or any return of capital by reduction of capital (other than, unless
otherwise provided by their terms of issue, a redemption or purchase by the Company of any of its issued shares, or a reduction of share capital), the right to receive out of the surplus assets of the Company available for distribution among the
members and in priority to the holders of the ordinary shares and any other shares in the Company ranking junior to the relevant series of preference shares and pari passu with any other class of preference shares (other than any class of shares
then in issue ranking in priority to the relevant series of preference shares), repayment of the amount paid up or treated as paid up in respect of the nominal value of the preference share together with any premium which was paid or treated as paid
when the preference share was issued in addition to an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends.


Variation of Rights


The rights attached to any class of shares may be varied either with the consent in writing of the holders of at least 75% in nominal value of the
issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. The rights of shares shall not (unless expressly provided by the rights attached to such shares) be
deemed varied by the creation of further shares ranking equally with them or subsequent to them.

Limitations on foreign shareholders


There are no restrictions imposed by the Articles of Association or (subject to the effect of any economic sanctions that may be in
force from time to time) by current UK laws which relate only to non-residents of the UK and which limit the rights of such non-residents to hold or (when entitled to do so) vote the ordinary shares.


Exercisability of rights under an employee share scheme


Employee Benefit Trusts (EBTs) operate in connection with certain of the Group’s Employee Share Plans (Plans). The trustees of the EBTs may
exercise all rights attached to the shares in accordance with their fiduciary duties other than as specifically restricted in the relevant Plan governing documents. The trustees of the EBTs have informed the Company that their normal policy is to
abstain from voting in respect of the Barclays shares held in trust. The trustees of the Global Sharepurchase EBT and UK Sharepurchase EBTs may vote in respect of Barclays shares held in the EBTs, but only as instructed by participants in those
Plans in respect of their partnership shares and (when vested) matching and dividend shares. The trustees will not otherwise vote in respect of shares held in the Sharepurchase EBTs.


Special rights

There are no
persons holding securities that carry special rights with regard to the control of the company.


Major shareholders
a


Major shareholders do not have different voting rights from those of other shareholders. Information provided to the Company by substantial
shareholders pursuant to the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules are published via a Regulatory Information Service and is available on the Company’s website. As at 31 December 2017, the Company had been notified under
Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the following holdings of voting rights in its shares.


Person interested   Number
of Barclays Shares   % of total voting rights attaching to issued share capital b
The Capital Group
Companies Inc c   1,172,090,125   6.98
Qatar Holding LLC d   1,017,455,690   5.99
BlackRock, Inc e   1,010,054,871   5.92


Notes


a   Significant shareholders for the last 3 years are shown on page 284.


b   The percentage of voting rights detailed above was calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.


c   The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 14 February 2018, CG disclosed
by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,167,912,211 ordinary shares of the Company as of 29 December 2017, representing 6.8% of that class of shares.


d   Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority. On 17 January 2018, Qatar Holding LLC disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of
941,620,690 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017, representing 5.52% of that class of shares.


e   Total shown includes 2,009,814 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. Part of the holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 30 January 2018, BlackRock, Inc.
disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,145,415,782 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017, representing 6.7% of that class of shares.


Between 31 December 2017 and 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), the Company was notified that
BlackRock, Inc. now holds 990,743,261 Barclays shares, representing 5.80% of the total voting rights attached to issued share capital.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 45


Governance: Directors’ report


Other statutory information


Powers of Directors to issue or buy back the Company’s shares


The powers of the Directors are determined by the Companies Act 2006 and the Company’s Articles. The Directors are authorised to issue and
allot shares and to buy back shares subject to annual shareholder approval at the AGM. Such authorities were granted by shareholders at the 2017 AGM. It will be proposed at the 2018 AGM that the Directors be granted new authorities to allot and buy
back shares.

Repurchase of shares

The Company did not repurchase any of its ordinary shares during 2017 (2016: none). As at 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report) the Company had an unexpired authority to repurchase ordinary
shares up to a maximum of 1,696m ordinary shares.

Distributable reserves


As at 31 December 2017, the distributable reserves of Barclays PLC (the Parent company) were £6,728m and the distributable reserves of
Barclays Bank PLC were £24,021m.

As at the date of this report, Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC (our
future ring-fenced bank) intend to carry out a process in the second half of 2018 to increase their respective distributable reserves. Each process will require the relevant company to obtain shareholder and court approval, and for Barclays PLC we
will be seeking shareholder approval at our 2018 AGM. In each case, the processes will involve the conversion of the share premium account into a distributable reserve, which is a reclassification within the equity of each company and will have no
regulatory capital impact. Further information will be included in the Barclays PLC AGM Notice of Meeting (please see page 74 for further details about our AGM and how you can vote).


Change of control

There are
no significant agreements to which the Company is a party that are affected by a change of control of the Company following a takeover bid. There are no agreements between the Company and its Directors or employees providing for compensation for
loss of office or employment that occurs because of a takeover bid.

Going concern


The Group’s business activities, financial position, capital, factors likely to affect its future development and performance and its
objectives and policies in managing the financial risks to which it is exposed are discussed in the Risk review and Risk management sections.

The Directors considered it appropriate to prepare the financial statements of the Group and Company on a going concern basis.


In preparing each of the Group and parent Company financial statements, the directors are required
to:


◾   assess the Group and Parent Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and


◾   use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent company’s or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Disclosure of Information to the Auditor


Each Director confirms that, so far as he/she is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditors are unaware and
that each of the Directors has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have taken as a Director to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditors are aware of that information. This
confirmation is given pursuant to section 418 of the Companies Act 2006 and should be interpreted in accordance with and subject to those provisions.

Directors’ responsibilities

The following statement, which should be read in conjunction with the Report of
the independent registered public accounting firm set out on page
186 and 187, is made with a view to distinguishing for shareholders the respective responsibilities of the Directors and of the
auditors in relation to the accounts.

The Directors are required by the Companies Act 2006 to prepare Group and Company financial
statements for each financial year and, with regards to Group accounts, in accordance with Article 4 of the IAS Regulation. The Directors have prepared Group and Company accounts in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU. Under the Companies Act
2006, the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and parent Company and of their profit or loss for that period.


The Directors consider that, in preparing the financial statements
, the Group and Company has
used appropriate accounting policies, supported by reasonable judgements and estimates, and that all accounting standards which they consider to be applicable have been followed.


Having taken all the matters considered by the Board and brought to the attention of the Board during the year into account, the Directors are
satisfied that the Annual Report and Financial Statements, taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable, and provide the information necessary for shareholders to assess the Group and Company’s position and performance, business
model and strategy.

Directors are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


Directors’ responsibility statement


The Directors have responsibility for ensuring that the Company and the Group keep accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy the
financial position of the Company and the Group and which enable them to ensure that the accounts comply with the Companies Act 2006.


The Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report, Directors’ Report, Directors’ Remuneration Report and Corporate
Governance Statement in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity
of the Annual Report and Financial Statements as they appear on the Company’s website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.


The Directors have a general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the Group and Company
and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

The Directors, whose names and functions are set out on pages 5 and 6, confirm
to the best of their knowledge that:


(a)   the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the
Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and


(b)   the management report, on page 2 to 50 which is incorporated in the Directors’ Report , includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business
and the position of the Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that they face.


By order of the Board


Stephen Shapiro


Company Secretary

21 February
2018

Registered in England.

Company No. 48839


46 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Directors’ report


People


As highlighted in Our People and Culture we have continued to make progress towards increasing the
diversity of our workforce underpinned by an inclusive culture and engaged employees. Below provides an overview of some of the programmes, initiatives and ways in which we are supporting our colleagues, which in turn enables us to support our
customers, clients and the community.

Early careers and apprenticeships


Our Early Careers offering includes graduate, internship and apprenticeship programmes. In 2017 we hired over 780 interns and 675 graduates, and
since 2012 we have created over 3,400 apprenticeships. We provide pathways for progression from apprentice to graduate supported by recognised qualifications and, in doing so, help to create an internal talent pipeline. During 2017, we launched a
new graduate programme across a number of our business areas to attract the workforce of the future, and within Technology and Barclays UK we increased the number of opportunities for both interns and graduates.


Internal Mobility

By
supporting internal mobility across Barclays and making it simple and easy for colleagues to move internally, we hope to successfully retain and develop our internal talent. We have developed multiple tools and resources for colleagues to find
internal career opportunities and for managers to find and assess suitable internal candidates. In 2017 our rate of internal hiring was 40%, a reduction on 2016, which can be attributed to factors including a strategic move to hire externally for
specific skill sets, particularly within Technology, and a focus on converting temporary staff into permanent roles.

Leadership and
Learning

In 2017, a consistent Barclays Leadership Capability framework launched across the organisation. Our leadership and
learning solutions are underpinned by this framework and our values. The Barclays Academies and our Global Curriculum provide colleagues with face-to-face, virtual and self-managed development resources. All new joiners undertake the ‘Being
Barclays’ induction, providing an in-depth understanding of the values and expected behaviours through the Global Code of Conduct (The Barclays Way).


Industrial relations and Managing change


Barclays has a long-standing partnership approach to industrial relations and we value the relationships we have with over 14 trade unions, works
councils and staff associations globally. Within the UK we have a formal partnership with Unite which has been in place for over 17 years. Following joint review, the partnership agreement was extended in 2017 for a further 5 years. As part of the
review, Unite recognition was extended to cover an additional 1,500 employees. Throughout 2017, we have continued to have regular and constructive dialogue with employee representatives and employees on a wide range of topics. Earlier this year, as
part of our implementation of structural reform, we consulted with Unite and employee forums on the successful transfer of c. 53,000 employees to new legal employing entities. We seek to avoid compulsory redundancies where possible and try to find
ways in which we can achieve this during the consultation period. We continue to place significant emphasis on voluntary redundancy programmes as well as internal redeployment through our ‘Internals First’ programme. We also aim to keep in
touch with former colleagues through the Barclays Global Alumni Programme.

Performance Management


Barclays approach to performance management is key to the delivery of our strategy and to drive a values-based culture. Colleagues align their
objectives (‘what’ they will deliver) to business and team goals to support our strategy and good customer outcomes. Behavioural expectations (‘how’ they will achieve their objectives) are set in the context of our values. Our
global recognition programme provides colleagues the opportunity to recognise the achievements of those who have demonstrated our values. We continue to see a year-on-year increase in the number of colleagues receiving a values ‘Thank You’
message, with over 210,000 messages sent in 2017.

Colleagues are also encouraged to be involved with the Company’s performance by
participating in our all-employee share plans, which have been running successfully for over 10 years. Further details of our approach to remuneration are included in the Remuneration Report pages 51 to 74.


Employee Communications


Barclays regularly updates employees on the financial and economic factors affecting the Company’s performance and the delivery of the strategy
through Group CEO and senior leader communications, line manager briefing packs, interviews and talking points distributed to employees every quarter in accordance with our financial reporting calendar. We hold a variety of events for employees to
hear directly from the Group Executive Committee and employees are kept regularly informed about what is happening in their area and across Barclays through engagement initiatives and communications. Campaigns and colleague stories throughout the
year highlight our Citizenship work and how we are supporting our customers, clients and colleagues.

Diversity and Inclusion


We aim to ensure that employees of all backgrounds are treated equally and have the opportunity to be successful. Our global
Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) strategy sets objectives, initiatives and plans across five core pillars: Gender, LGBT, Disability, Multicultural and Multigenerational, in support of that ambition. Our approach to building an inclusive work
environment is focused on upskilling our leadership and we provide a range of development opportunities including our Unconscious Bias Training which has been delivered to over 10,000 leaders across Barclays, and Dynamic Working line manager clinics
which have been attended by over 4,000 leaders.

LGBT


An inclusive culture that enables colleagues to bring their whole selves to work is built on having leadership participation and visible role
models. Now in its third year, our Spectrum Allies campaign has identified over 8,000 leaders globally who have pledged to challenge homophobia, biphobia and transphobia in the workplace and provide support to LGBT colleagues. Through the ‘Your
View’ survey we provide colleagues with the opportunity to identify as being LGBT, with 7% of colleagues identifying as LGBT in 2017. This year was the fourth consecutive year that Barclays supported Pride in London as the headline sponsor. The
#lovehappenshere theme reached over 3 million people across multiple communications channels and across the UK over 1,000 Barclays colleagues participated in regional Pride events across the UK.


Independent recognition reflects the progress we are making and the impact of our strategy. For the fifth consecutive year, Stonewall has recognised
Barclays as one of only 12 Top Global Employers. The Human Rights Campaign has awarded Barclays with 100% on their corporate equity index.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 47


Governance: Directors’ report


People


Disability


Under the UK Government’s Department of Work and Pensions Disability Confident scheme, Barclays has been recognised as a Disability Confident
Leader for our efforts to support those who have a disability. This year, alongside PwC, we have further scaled the ‘This is Me in the City’ initiative along with the Lord Mayor of the City of London. The ‘This Is Me’ mental
health and wellbeing campaign now includes over 280 organisations across London who have pledged to focus on eliminating the stigma associated with mental health in their workplace (over 1 million employees collectively). In 2018, through these
partnerships, we plan to expand ‘This is Me’ further in the UK. Continuing our commitment to increase employment of those with a disability or mental health condition, this year we expanded our Able to Enable internship in the UK. This 13
week paid programme is aimed at recruiting talented individuals of all ages with a background of mental health conditions, providing them with opportunities to gain work experience, learn new skills and grow their experience and confidence.


Multigenerational

Our Dynamic Working campaign is relevant to colleagues at every life stage. It addresses the diverse needs of a workforce comprised of five generations, by encouraging the integration of personal and professional responsibilities
through smarter work patterns. The campaign is having a positive impact on colleague engagement with the 59% of colleagues actively working dynamically in 2017 reporting 5% points higher than the Group sustainable engagement result. Dynamic Working
is also enabling Barclays to have a positive impact on the retention of diverse talent, examples include a 13% improvement in maternity returners retained after 12 months, and 95% of those taking Shared Parental Leave are fathers.


Addressing the changing needs of a multigenerational workforce will be an ongoing focus in 2018 but we are pleased that Working Families UK has
recognised Barclays as one of the top 10 Employers for Working Families in 2017.

Multigenerational


Multicultural


During 2017, the Embracing Us campaign was launched in celebration of World Cultural Day, aiming to challenge global stereotypes and mind-sets in
relation to nationality, faith, ethnicity, race and language. During the campaign our multicultural network, Embrace, engaged over 15,000 colleagues through multiple communications channels, leadership forums and Being Colour Brave development
workshops. Barclays Apprenticeship Programme reflects our commitment to recruit a diverse workforce. Since the programme launched, we have focused on recruiting those who are NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training). 19% of our apprentices
identify as Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic, 8% points higher than the national apprenticeship average. In addition, 46% of our apprentices are female and 8% identify as a person with a disability. Through this scheme we are making a positive
impact on youth unemployment and social mobility.


The multicultural profile of the organisation was acknowledged externally by the City of London and
the Social Mobility Commission through the Social Mobility Employer Index as a Top 50 Employer in 2017.

Multicultural


Above shows the percentage of underrepresented populations that make up our global and regional populations.
Underrepresented populations are defined regionally to ensure inclusion of all groups in the workplace. For the purposes of comparability 2016 figures exclude Barclays Africa Group Limited headcount. UK includes Asian, Mixed, Black, Other and
Non-Disclosed and US includes Hispanic/Latino, Asian, Mixed, Black, Other and Non-Disclosed.


Permanent Employees by region
2017   2016   2015
United Kingdom   48,700   46,400   49,000
Continental Europe and Middle East   3,600   4,700   7,400
Americas   10,400   9,700   10,600
Asia Pacific   17,200   15,700   18,800
Africa   -   42,800   43,600
Total   79,900   119,300   129,400


Gender Pay Gap Disclosure


The gender pay gap measures the difference between the average male pay and the average female pay as a proportion of the average male pay. For
example, average male pay of £100 per hour and average female pay of £85 per hour would indicate a gender pay gap of 15%. The calculation does not take into consideration the role that an employee performs or the seniority of
the employee. As a result, gender pay gaps are often driven by higher proportions of women than men in more junior, lower paid roles and fewer women than men in senior, more highly paid roles.


Equal Pay legislation in the UK specifically relates to an employee’s role, making it unlawful for an employer to pay individuals differently
for performing the same or similar work. This right for women and men to receive the same pay for the same, or similar work, or work of equal value, has been a requirement under UK law since 1970. Paying our colleagues fairly and equitably relative
to their role, skill, experience and performance is central to our global reward structures and benefits policies, which are reviewed regularly to ensure that there is no unfair bias in how employees are paid. At Barclays we are confident that men
and women across our organisation are paid equally for doing the same job.


The difference between the gender pay gap and Equal Pay can be illustrated by the fact that men and
women who are paid equally for the same or similar roles, can still generate a gender pay gap driven by the relative proportions of men and women across the organisation. This is illustrated in graphic B.


Our gender pay gap results shown in graphic C reflect the distribution of men and women between corporate grades within Barclays. As illustrated in
graphic A, the percentage of women in our more senior corporate grades is lower than the percentage of women at Barclays overall. This correlates with the ordinary pay quartile data in graphic C, in which the entire population is arranged in order
of ordinary pay (fixed pay), from lowest to highest, and then divided into four equal sub-populations. The numbers of male and female employees in each sub-population is then expressed as a proportion. The ordinary pay quartiles reflect the high
proportions of women in more junior, lower paid roles (particularly evident in Barclays UK within the retail branch network) and the high proportions of men in senior, highly paid roles (particularly evident in Barclays International).


48 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Graphic A


Female representation


The mean pay gap shown in graphic C is the difference between the average hourly pay of men and women. The
median pay gap is the difference between the midpoints in the ranges of hourly pay of men and women. It arranges the hourly pay rates from highest to lowest and identifies the hourly pay in the middle of the range. The mean bonus gap is based on
actual bonuses paid and does not make any adjustments to the amounts paid to employees who work a reduced number of hours.

The
demographics of our population and the resulting gender pay gaps emphasise the importance of maintaining our firm commitment to increasing female representation across Barclays, particularly among the senior leadership population. We welcome the
introduction of gender pay gap reporting to bring further focus to our commitment to improving gender diversity – a commitment that is, and will remain, at the core of our talent management and leadership succession processes.


How we are addressing the gender pay gap

We recognise that tackling the gender pay gap will take time and therefore it is key that we remain focused on improving gender diversity through a workplace environment and culture that supports and empowers women. At Barclays, our
focus goes beyond simply addressing the gender pay gap and extends to our internal and external gender equality commitments. Across both our organisation, and in the financial services industry, we are dedicated to enabling women to fulfil their
career aspirations. To achieve this goal and thereby narrow our gender pay gap, we will continue to focus on ensuring there is no bias in the hiring, promotion, development and retention of women at Barclays.


Gender Diversity Commitments


As a founding signatory of the HM Treasury Women in Finance Charter and supporter of the Hampton-Alexander Review, to support our commitment to
gender equality, we proactively set gender targets and we have made good progress towards these targets. Our goal to


Graphic B Illustrative example of the difference between gender pay gap and equal pay


Graphic C


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 49


Governance: Directors’ report


People


improve the percentage of female Managing Directors and Directors to 26% by the end of 2018 (23% at
the end of 2017) has subsequently expanded with commitments of 33% female representation across our Board of Directors by 2020 (21% at the end of 2017) and 33% female representation among the Group Executive Committee and their direct reports (25%
at the end of 2017). Alongside these targets, Barclays has been focused on and will continue to develop, a range of extensive initiatives, programmes and policies to improve gender diversity. Below are some highlights of the ways in which we are
increasing female representation at Barclays and enabling women to fulfil their career aspirations.

Creating New Career
Opportunities

We have expanded our graduate and apprenticeship programmes, reflecting our commitment to improve employment
opportunities, tackle societal issues and attract diverse talent. We have transformed the way we recruit for our graduate programmes to drive diversity and inclusion as students are able to demonstrate ability and potential throughout the process,
so that recruitment outcomes are based on performance and not on the basis of subjects studied, universities attended and previous work experience. In doing so we hope to increase the number of female graduate hires to 50% (40% at the end of 2017,
up from 31% in 2014). For those looking to re-enter the workforce after taking time out of their careers, our Encore! Returnship Programme provides opportunities for experienced professionals to join a paid programme with a view to securing a
permanent role at Barclays at the end of the programme. More broadly, we have policies and practices in place to ensure that all recruitment decisions are fair and candidate shortlists are diverse.


Talent Management and Leadership Development

The creation of ex-officio positions on the Group Executive Committee and across the business unit and functional Executive Committees in 2016 by the Group CEO, has provided development opportunities for a number of our high
potential female leaders and has broadened the scope of the perspectives and decision making across our leadership teams. Our Unconscious Bias training, now attended by over 10,000 leaders, supports the continued elimination of bias from our people
processes, and successful events that we run each year such as the Global Women in Leadership conference and the Enterprise Leaders Summit focus on building capability and upskilling leaders.


Cultural Change

Providing a
workplace that encourages colleagues to achieve their personal and professional goals is key to supporting and retaining our employees. We aim to do this through our progressive maternity, paternity, adoption and shared parental leave policies which
go beyond the statutory requirements, as well as through our flexible working campaign Dynamic Working. Dynamic Working


Internally we are committed
to:
Leadership accountability including gender diversity
targets and the introduction of a gender taskforce Focusing
on a more inclusive work environment to ensure all colleagues have the flexibility to achieve personal and professional goals Ensuring we are developing leaders who are equipped to meet the demands of a more diverse workforce   2020 Gender Diversity Commitments ◾ Board of Directors
33% ◾ Leadership
33% (Group ExCo and their direct reports) Cultural Change ◾ Dynamic
Working ◾ Progressive parental
policies ◾ Barclays’ Win Gender
Network Talent Management ◾ Leadership Succession
Planning ◾ Ex-Officio Leadership
roles ◾ Internal
Mobility Leadership
Development ◾ Unconscious Bias
Training ◾ Global Women in
Leadership Conference ◾ Enterprise Leaders
Summits
Externally we are committed
to:
Engaging men globally in gender equality in partnership with the United Nations Providing enhanced employment opportunities and attracting diverse
candidates Community impact   UN HeForShe ◾ Global Impact
Champion Barclays Role Models ◾ External engagement
of Barclays’ senior women across Financial Services, IT and
STEM Creating New Career Opportunities ◾ Encore! Returnship Programme ◾ Expanded Apprenticeship Programme ◾ 50% Female Graduate
Hires Strategic Partnerships ◾ Women’s Business
Council ◾ 30%
Club


supports colleagues in all stages of their lives in achieving an optimal work and life balance,
helping them with parenthood, studies, caring and hobbies. Across Barclays, our Women’s Initiative Network (Win) provides colleagues with career development and networking opportunities including mentoring, career fairs and senior leader
speaker events.

Strategic Partnerships


Barclays recognises that gender equality extends to the communities in which we work, support and live and greater gender equality is integral to
our long-term investments to drive societal change. We demonstrate this through strategic partnerships, external engagement and leadership commitment, including but not limited to, our multi-year commitment to the United Nations HeForShe campaign
and our partnership with the Women’s Business Council.

So what next?


Our existing pipeline of female talent is being further strengthened through the launch of a global gender taskforce, comprising of leaders from
across the organisation who believe passionately in gender diversity and who will focus on new and improved initiatives to further accelerate our progress against our gender diversity commitments. We acknowledge that there is still a lot of work to
do, but our determination and commitment to building a diverse and inclusive workforce


through attracting, retaining and developing world class professionals is paramount, and we are
working hard to foster an environment in which all employees have the opportunity to succeed, regardless of race, religion or belief, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or nationality.


Further details on the gender pay gap and Barclays commitments to gender diversity and equality can be found at home.barclays/diversity.

Under the Companies Act 2006, Barclays is required to report on the gender breakdown of our employees and
‘senior managers’. Of our global workforce of 79,900 (45,100 male, 34,800 female), 555 were senior managers (401 male, 154 female), which include Officers of the Group, certain direct reports of the Chief Executive, heads of major business
units, certain senior Managing Directors, and directors on the boards of undertakings of the Group, but exclude individuals who sit as directors on the Board of the Company. The definition of senior managers within this disclosure has a narrower
scope than the Managing Director and Director female representation data provided above.


50 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual statement from the Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee


We are committed to pay being aligned to performance, while ensuring that we are able to attract and retain the employees critical to delivering our strategy.


Contents
Page
Annual statement   51
At a glance – performance and pay for 2017   53
2017 Group incentives   54
Remuneration policy for all employees   55
Directors’ remuneration policy   58
Annual report on Directors’ remuneration   61


Remuneration Committee members
Chairman   Crawford Gillies
Members   Tim Breedon
Mary Francis
Dambisa Moyo


Dear Fellow Shareholders


As Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee, I am pleased to introduce the Remuneration report for 2017.


As in previous years, we are committed to pay being aligned to performance, while ensuring that we are able to attract and retain the employees
critical to delivering our strategy.

The Committee believes that our pay outcomes for 2017 reflect overall Group performance,
recognising improvements in profit before tax and significant achievements in restructuring the Group, while acknowledging the need for further improvement in returns.


Further details on our performance and the decisions we have made on remuneration are outlined below.


Performance and Pay

2017
has been a year of significant strategic progress for the Group, achieving a number of milestones to deliver a simpler organisation. These include the sell down of our shareholding in Barclays Africa Group Limited (BAGL) and subsequent proportionate
regulatory deconsolidation, the closure of Non-Core and the launch of the Group Service Company. A great deal has been accomplished in relation to the UK ring-fencing requirements, establishing the necessary entity structure, processes and
governance.

As well as positioning the simplified Group for growth in 2018, Barclays has achieved a CRD IV fully loaded Common Equity
Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 13.3%, within the end state target range. Group profit before tax (PBT) is up 10% from 2016 to £3,541m driven by an £882m reduction in operating expenses.


Against this background, the Committee approved a Group incentive pool of £1,506m, down 2% from
2016. This decision recognises the strong strategic execution across the Group, while being clear that Group returns are not yet where our shareholders, and the Board, want them to be. The Committee also recognises the need to ensure that areas of
strong performance within the businesses are rewarded competitively, with key talent retained to deliver against our growth strategy going into 2018 and beyond. This pool also reflects appropriate adjustments for risk and conduct matters, which
continue to be taken very seriously by the Committee.

Key remuneration decisions for executive Directors


The Committee considered the executive Directors’ performance against the financial and strategic/non-financial performance measures which had
been set to reflect company priorities for 2017. Separately, performance against their personal objectives was assessed on an individual basis.

Based on Jes Staley’s performance against the performance measures set at the beginning of the year, the Committee approved a 2017 bonus of £1,065,000 (48.5% of maximum) of which 62.4% will be deferred in shares for a
period of up to seven years. The Committee’s deliberations on his 2017 personal performance have taken account of delivery against financial commitments including achieving the end state target range for the CET1 ratio as well as improvements
to our cost: income ratio, while recognising that there is still some way to go in getting returns to where management, the Board and our investors expect them to be. The Committee has also taken account of the early completion of the strategic
restructuring, including the sell down of BAGL and closure of Non-Core.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 51


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual statement from the Chairman of the Board Remuneration Committee


The Committee noted the significant work that has taken place in planning following the EU referendum
outcome. The Committee also recognised that Jes Staley has made continued progress towards ensuring a high performing culture in line with our Values, and Barclays has made improvements in some customer and client metrics such as a reduction in
customer complaints, while noting the need for further improvement. As announced last year, the Committee will keep Jes Staley’s 2016 variable remuneration under review pending the outcome of the investigation relating to his involvement in a
whistleblowing matter. The Committee will make a final decision on outcome once that investigation is complete.

Based on Tushar
Morzaria’s performance against the performance measures set at the beginning of the year, the Committee approved a 2017 bonus of £747,000 (50.5% of maximum) of which 46.5% will be deferred in shares for a period of up to seven years. The
Committee in particular noted that Tushar Morzaria had been instrumental in the execution of the strategy including the sell down of BAGL, the closure of Non-Core, the setting up of the ring-fenced bank in the UK and in Barclays achieving its end
state range capital position. Tushar Morzaria has also demonstrated effective management of key external stakeholders.

The Committee
decided to make an award under the 2018-2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) cycle to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria (based on their performance in 2017) with a face value at grant of 120% of their respective Total fixed pay at 31 December 2017. The
Committee reviewed the performance measures of the LTIP to ensure they are appropriate given our growth strategy and align the interests of executive Directors and shareholders. Return on tangible equity (RoTE) and cost: income ratio have been
retained as the key financial metrics, with the weighting on RoTE increased to 50% to emphasise the focus on improving returns across the Group. The calibrations have also been established to maintain direct alignment with the Group’s financial
targets. The weighting on the cost: income ratio remains unchanged at 20%. CET1 ratio remains a key financial metric, but given the end state target range of c13% has been achieved, the Committee concluded that this would now be more appropriate as
an underpin measure on RoTE instead of a standalone measure.

In line with the Directors’ remuneration policy (DRP) approved at the
2017 AGM, both executive Directors’ Fixed Pay will be unchanged for 2018 at £2,350,000 for Jes Staley and £1,650,000 for Tushar Morzaria.


Fair pay agenda


We are committed to fair pay, ensuring that all our employees are appropriately and fairly rewarded for their contributions. This concept touches on
many areas of our work, including fair pay for the lowest paid in our organisation, as well as the alignment of executive reward outcomes with business performance. Additionally, the Board is committed to individuals being able to progress through
the organisation based on capability and performance and irrespective of any other difference such as gender, age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation or disability. We take employees’ views into consideration throughout our deliberations
and continue to review potential approaches to build on this.

Barclays’ commitment to fair pay is illustrated by the repositioning
of the incentive pools over recent years, during which incentive funding has been directed to provide more to junior employees, and our active engagement on pay matters with our unions to ensure that our staff are fairly treated across the
organisation. The current 2017-2019 pay deal with Unite commits to a 7.5% agreed salary increase for the Unite recognised population and a minimum increase of 10% for the most junior graded employees over the course of the three year deal. Barclays
is also a long-standing supporter of the Living Wage under which Barclays commits to pay all UK permanent employees and those UK employees of third party contractors at least the current London or UK Living Wage. This is a commitment which we have
also extended to our UK employed apprentices. By March 2018, the entry level for permanent, non-apprentice employees will already be above the Living Wage target level set for 2020 by the Government, two years early. Similarly, Barclays will meet
the 2020 target level for its apprentice population by 2019.

Further detail of our activities in relation to fair pay may be found on
page 56.

Barclays has published its UK Gender Pay Gap report for the first time this year in line with UK requirements and further
details can be found in the People section on page 48.


Looking ahead


The Committee continues to monitor with interest the Government’s proposals in respect of the UK Corporate Governance Code, which will be an
area of focus for the Committee and the Board going into 2018.

In relation to fair pay, we have already chosen to publish our pay ratios
on page 49 of this report, two years in advance of the Government requirements to reflect the ratios between the pay of our Group Chief Executive and our UK employees. We will continue to review our fair pay policies and practices to ensure that
they remain appropriate as this important topic continues to evolve.

We will also continue to work on the remuneration aspects of
changes associated with Structural Reform, such as the addition of Remuneration Committees representing the two main subsidiary businesses.

We will, of course, continue to engage constructively with regulators, shareholders and other stakeholders and value the insight these discussions provide.


Remuneration report

We have
provided an ‘At a glance’ summary of 2017 performance and pay on the next page. The annual report on Directors’ remuneration provides further details. An abridged version of the DRP, as approved at the 2017 AGM, is set out on pages 58
to 60 for information.

In line with the UK regulations, we are seeking shareholder approval at the 2018 AGM for the Remuneration report
(other than the part containing the abridged version of the DRP). Further details can be found in the 2018 AGM Notice of Meeting.


Crawford Gillies

Chairman,
Board Remuneration Committee

21 February 2018


52 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


At a glance – performance and pay for 2017


Group performance and pay


Key strategic highlights ◾ Non-Core closed
early ◾ BAGL
sell down and subsequent accounting deconsolidation ◾ Launch of the Group Service Company ◾ Preparatory work to establish UK ring-fenced entity   £3,541m Profit before tax up 10%   5.6% Group RoTE ex. litigation and conduct and other material
items*   73% Cost: income ratio favourable 3%


Pay outcomes ◾ Group incentive pool
has reduced by 57% since 2010 ◾ Group compensation to
net income ratio reduced to 38.0% from 39.0%   £7,123m Total compensation costs down 4%   £1,506m Group incentive pool down 2%


*   Material items consist of charges for PPI, losses relating to the sell down of BAGL and a one-off net charge due to the re-measurement of US deferred tax assets.


Executive Directors: Performance outcomes


Annual bonus   2015-2017 Long-term incentive plan
(a) Jes Staley   (b) Tushar Morzaria   (Tushar Morzaria only)
£1,065k 48.5% of maximum   £747k 50.5% of maximum   £882k* 52.7% of maximum
*   By reference to Q4 2017 average share price


Executive Directors: Remuneration
outcomes
Jes Staley*   Tushar Morzaria

* Jes Staley was not a participant in the 2014-2016 and 2015-2017 LTIP cycles;
the LTIP figures for 2016 and 2017 are therefore zero for him.


Executive Directors: Share ownership Shareholding requirement policy: ◾ minimum of 200% of
Total fixed pay* (i.e. Fixed Pay plus Pension) within 5 years from date of appointment ◾ shareholding
requirement for 2 years post termination of 100% of Total Fixed Pay (or pro-rata thereof) introduced from 2017. * Equivalent to 457% of salary for Jes Staley under the previous DRP.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 53


Governance: Remuneration report


2017 Group incentives


This section provides details of how the 2017 total incentive award decisions were made.

2017 pay and performance headlines


The key performance considerations which the Committee took into account in making its remuneration decisions for 2017 are highlighted below:


◾   Significant strategic progress was made in 2017 with restructuring completed including:


–   the closure of Non-Core


–   completion of BAGL sell down


–   launch of the Group Service Company


–   preparatory work to establish the UK ring-fenced entity


◾   Group profit before tax was up 10% at £3,541m (2016: £3,230m). Group profit before tax (excluding material items) was up 16% at £4,242m (2016: £3,649m*)


◾   Group RoTE was negative 3.6% (2016: positive 3.6%). Excluding litigation and conduct and other material items, Group RoTE was 5.6%


◾   Group CET1 ratio was up to13.3% (2016: 12.4%).

The pay outcomes and
decisions can be summarised as follows:


◾   total compensation costs decreased 4% to £7,123m (2016: £7,445m)


◾   the Group incentive pool was down 2% at £1,506m (2016: £1,533m)


◾   Group compensation to net income ratio was 38.0% (2016: 39.0%)


◾   Corporate and Investment Bank (CIB) front office incentive awards were also slightly down at £864m (2016: £875m). CIB front office compensation to net income ratio was 26.1% (2016:
26.7%)


◾   robust differentiation based on business and individual performance.


* Material items in 2016 included provisions for UK customer redress (£1bn), gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited
(£615m) and own credit (£35m).

2017 incentive award decisions


The Committee’s 2017 incentives decisions took full consideration of financial and non-financial performance and also the material
repositioning of incentives undertaken since 2010. Since 2010, the Group incentive pool has declined steadily, from £3,484m in 2010 to £1,506m in 2017 – a decrease of 57% over seven years.


Notes a  Part of the reduction in incentive pools in 2014 was due to the introduction of Role Based
Pay (RBP). b  The 2015 Group incentive pool has been restated from £1,669m to
reflect the treatment of BAGL as a discontinued operation. The 2010 – 2014 Group incentive pools have not been restated.

Total incentive awards granted – current year


Barclays Group
Year ended 31.12.17 £m   Year ended 31.12.16 £m   % change
Incentive awards granted
Incentive pool   1,432   1,459   2
Commissions and other incentives   74   74   -
Total incentive awards granted   1,506   1,533   2
Reconciliation of incentive awards granted to income statement charge:
Less: deferred bonuses granted but not charged in current year   (304   )   (300   )   (1   )
Add: current year charges for deferred bonuses from previous years   462   690   33
Other a   26   (26   )
Income statement charge for performance costs   1,690   1,897   11
Total compensation costs   7,123   7,445   4
Proportion of incentive pool that is deferred   31%   30%

Note

a Difference between incentive awards granted and income statement charge for commissions and other incentives.


54 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


Remuneration policy for all employees


This section sets out Barclays’ remuneration policy for all employees, explaining the philosophy underlying the structure
of remuneration packages, and how this links remuneration to the achievement of sustained high performance and long-term value creation.

Remuneration philosophy


In October 2015, the Committee formally adopted a revised, simplified remuneration philosophy which articulates Barclays’ overarching
remuneration approach and is set out below.


Barclays’ remuneration
philosophy
Attract and retain talent needed to deliver Barclays’
strategy   Long-term success depends on the talent of our employees. This means attracting and
retaining an appropriate range of talent to deliver against our strategy, and paying the right amount for that talent
Align pay with investor interests   Ensure employees’ interests are aligned with those of investors (equity and debt
holders), both in structure and the appropriate balance of returns
Reward sustainable performance   Sustainable performance means making a positive contribution to stakeholders, in both the
short and longer term, playing a valuable role in society
Support Barclays’ Values and culture   Results must be achieved in a manner consistent with our Values. Our Values and culture
should drive the way that business is conducted
Align with risk appetite, risk exposure and conduct
expectations   Designed to reward employees for achieving results in line with the Bank’s risk
appetite and conduct expectations
Be clear, transparent and as simple as possible   All employees and stakeholders should understand how we reward our employees. Remuneration
structures should be as simple as possible so that everyone can understand how they work and the behaviours they reward

Performance and remuneration


Barclays’ remuneration philosophy links remuneration to achieving sustained high performance and creating long-term value. Our remuneration
philosophy applies to all employees globally across Barclays and aims to reinforce our belief that effective performance management is critical to enabling the delivery of our business strategy in line with our Values. Employees who adhere to the
Barclays’ Values and contribute to Barclays’ success are rewarded accordingly.

This is achieved by basing performance
assessment on clear standards of delivery and behaviour, and starts with employees aligning their objectives (‘what’ they will deliver) to business and team goals in order to support the delivery of the business strategy and good
client/customer outcomes. Behavioural expectations (‘how’ people will achieve their objectives) are set in the context of our Values.

Performance is assessed against both financial and non-financial criteria. Other factors are also taken into consideration within the overall performance assessment, including core job responsibilities, behaviours towards risk and
control, colleague and stakeholder feedback as well as input from the Risk and Compliance functions, where appropriate.

Through our
approach to performance, the equal importance of both ‘what’ an individual has delivered as well as ‘how’ the individual has achieved this is emphasised, encouraging balanced consideration of each dimension. Both of these
elements are assessed and rated independently of each other. There is no requirement to have an overall rating which allows for more robust and reflective conversations between managers and team members on the individual components of performance.


A key part of the performance philosophy promotes ongoing quality dialogue throughout the year. This helps manage performance messages
effectively and allows for more timely recognition as well as appropriate coaching, feedback and support where needed.

By linking
individual performance assessment to Barclays’ strategy and our Values and, in turn, to remuneration decisions, a clear alignment between what we are striving to achieve, how we go about this, and ultimately, how we recognise this in individual
financial terms is achieved.

Risk, conduct and remuneration


Another key feature of our remuneration philosophy is the alignment of remuneration with our risk appetite and with the conduct expectations of
Barclays, our regulators and stakeholders. The Committee takes risk and conduct events very seriously and ensures that there are appropriate adjustments to individual remuneration and, where necessary, the incentive pool.


The Remuneration Review Panel, which reports to the Committee, supports the Committee in this process. The Panel is chaired by the Chief Risk
Officer and includes senior representatives from the key control functions of Risk, Compliance, Internal Audit, Legal and HR as well as the CEOs of Barclays UK and Barclays International. It sets the policy and processes for assessing compensation
adjustments for risk and conduct events.

We have robust processes for considering risk and conduct as part of individual performance
management processes with outcomes reflected in individual remuneration decisions. Line managers have primary accountability for ensuring that risk and conduct issues are considered when assessing performance and making remuneration decisions. In
addition, there is a secondary review by the control functions for individuals involved in significant failures of risk management, conduct issues, regulatory actions or other major incidents which impact either the Group or business to ensure these
issues are also considered. When considering individual responsibility, a variety of factors are taken into account such as whether an individual was directly responsible or whether the individual, by virtue of seniority, could be deemed indirectly
responsible, including staff who drive the Group’s culture and set its strategy.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 55


Governance: Remuneration report


Remuneration policy for all employees


Actions which may be taken where risk management and conduct falls below
required standards include:
Adjustment   Current year annual
bonuses are adjusted downwards where individuals are found to be responsible (either directly or indirectly) in a risk or misconduct event.
Malus   Deferred unvested
bonuses from prior years are subject to malus provisions which enable the Committee to reduce the vesting level of deferred bonuses (including to nil) at its discretion. Events which may lead the Committee to do this include, but are not limited to,
employee misconduct or a material failure of risk management.
Clawback   Clawback applies to any variable remuneration awarded to a
Material Risk Taker (MRT) on or after 1 January 2015 in respect of years for which they are a MRT. Barclays may apply clawback if, at any time during the seven year period from the date on which variable remuneration is awarded to a MRT: (i) there
is reasonable evidence of employee misbehaviour or material error, and/or (ii) the firm or the business unit suffers a material failure of risk management, taking account of the individual’s proximity to and responsibility for that
incident.
Clawback may be extended to 10 years for PRA Senior Managers where there are outstanding
internal or regulatory investigations at the end of the 7 year clawback period.

In addition to reductions to individuals’ bonuses, the Committee considers and makes collective adjustments to
the incentive pool for specific risk and conduct events. For 2017, the impact of these collective adjustments, resulting from both the direct financial impact on performance and the additional adjustments applied by the Committee, is a reduction of
c. £180m.

We have also adjusted the incentive pool to take account of an assessment of a wide range of future risks including
conduct, non-financial factors that can support the delivery of a strong risk management, control and conduct culture and other factors including reputation, impact on customers, markets and other stakeholders. The Committee was supported in its
consideration of this adjustment by the Board Risk Committee and the Board Reputation Committee.

Fair pay agenda


Barclays continues to look holistically at different aspects of how we pay our people, to ensure that we deliver fair and effective pay for
performance, with pay decisions that are aligned with Barclays’ Values.

This can be described as our fair pay agenda, which
incorporates a number of themes currently highlighted by the government and the media, although in practice our approaches to many of these aspects have evolved over many years.


Our main areas of focus are:


◾   Fair pay for the lowest paid
–  Ensuring our people receive a fair day’s pay for a fair
day’s work
–  Since 2004, Barclays has been a Living Wage accredited employer,
with all UK permanent employees and those UK employees of third party contractors who provide services to us at our sites being paid at least the current National or London Living Wage. This is a commitment we have also extended to all our UK
employed apprentices. By March 2018, the entry level pay for permanent, non-apprentice employees, will already be above the Living Wage target level set for 2020 by the Government, two years early. Similarly, Barclays will meet the 2020 target
Living Wage level for its apprentice population by 2019
–  Our current pay deal with Unite (2017-2019) commits to a 7.5%
agreed salary increase budget for the Unite recognised population. As part of the pay deal, our commitment to track the Living Wage and continue to progress junior pay will provide a 10% increase across the three years for the most junior
employees.
◾   Ensuring every individual has the opportunity to progress through the organisation and earn more
–  Supporting initiatives to eliminate any ‘glass ceiling’
and ensure equal opportunities for progression for every individual
–  We are an equal opportunities employer and have a number of
initiatives in place to support diversity in our workplace e.g. increasing female representation at all levels across Barclays remains a core focus of our talent management and leadership succession processes
–  Barclays has published its UK Gender Pay Gap for the first time
this year (page 49), as well as continuing to report the proportion of women at our more senior corporate grades.
◾   Equal pay
–  Barclays fully supports equal pay legislation (in place in the UK
since 1970)
–  Barclays is committed to ensuring all employees are fairly paid for
the work they do, and that men and women receive equal pay for the same or similar roles. We are explicit with those who make pay decisions that those pay decisions must not, directly or indirectly, take into account an individual’s gender,
age, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, maternity, shared parental, paternity or parental leave, veteran status or disability
–  To ensure our pay decisions are fair, and reflect our legal
obligations, Barclays has a number of policies and processes in place to ensure that line management decisions that are made at the beginning on hiring and throughout the employment cycle are free from unlawful bias. This includes ensuring that our
internal policies and processes are neutral in their application and free from any conscious or unconscious bias. We also share key data annually with Unite concerning their recognised population on pay distribution.
◾   Ensuring employees, like any other stakeholders, are appropriately represented in remuneration decision-making
–  Employee views are represented by senior management to the
Committee. We continue to review potential approaches to build on this
–  Employees are represented by their management through our internal
remuneration decision-making processes. We are also proud of our long-standing relationship with Unite, through which we engage positively on remuneration.


56 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


◾   Ensuring executive pay and employee pay are linked to business performance
–  The view that executive and employee remuneration should both be
linked to the performance of the company is one shared by the Committee
–  Pay approaches for our executive Directors are demonstrably aligned
to business performance through financial, non-financial performance and risk based performance measures, as described in the DRP
–  Similar performance considerations are made by the Committee when
determining the appropriate level of incentive funding for all of our people.

Remuneration structure


The remuneration structure for employees is closely aligned with that for executive Directors, set out in detail in the DRP which can be found on
pages 108 to 120 of the 2016 Annual Report. The primary exception being that the executive Directors participate in the Barclays’ LTIP and receive part of their Fixed Pay in Barclays PLC shares.


Employees receive salary, pension and other benefits and are eligible to be considered for an annual bonus. Employees in some customer-facing
businesses participate in formulaic incentive plans, including plans which have good customer outcomes as the primary performance measure. The plans also recognise how results have been achieved in line with Barclays’ Values. Some senior
employees also receive Role Based Pay (RBP). Remuneration of MRTs is subject to the 2:1 maximum ratio of variable to fixed remuneration. A total of 1,641 (2016: 1,561) individuals were MRTs in 2017. Capital requirements regulation (CRR) quantitative
disclosures on MRTs are set out on pages 189 to 191 of Barclays PLC 2017 Pillar 3 Report.

The remuneration of employees engaged in
control functions is determined independently from the business they support and within the parameters of the incentive pool allocated to them by the Committee. Remuneration for control function employees is less weighted towards variable
remuneration as compared to front office employees and variable remuneration is typically limited to one times fixed remuneration. This leads to less volatility in overall control function remuneration as compared to front office outcomes.


Fixed remuneration
Salary   Salaries reflect individuals’ skills and experience and are reviewed annually in the context of annual
performance assessment. They are increased where justified by role change, increased responsibility or a change in the appropriate market rate. Salaries may also be increased in line with local statutory requirements and in line with union and works
council commitments.
Role Based Pay (RBP)   A small number of senior employees receive a class of fixed pay called RBP to recognise the seniority, breadth and
depth of their role.
Pension and benefits   The provision of a competitive package of benefits is important to attracting and retaining the talented staff needed
to deliver Barclays’ strategy. Employees have access to a range of country-specific company-funded benefits, including pension schemes, healthcare, life assurance and Barclays’ share plans as well as other voluntary employee funded
benefits. The cost of providing these benefits is defined and controlled.
Variable remuneration
Annual bonus   Annual bonuses incentivise and reward the achievement of Group, business and individual objectives, and reward
employees for demonstrating individual behaviours in line with Barclays’ Values.
The ability to recognise performance through variable remuneration enables the Group to control its cost base flexibly
and to react to events and market circumstances. Bonuses remain a key feature of remuneration practice in the highly competitive and mobile market for talent in the financial services sector. The Committee is careful to control the proportion of
variable to fixed remuneration paid to individuals and also to ensure an appropriate amount is deferred to future years.
The typical deferral structures are:
For MRTs:   For non-MRTs:
Incentive award   Amount deferred   Incentive award   Amount deferred
< £500,000   40% of total award   Up to £65,000   0%
£500,000 to £1,000,000   60% of total award   > £65,000   Graduated level of deferral
> £1,000,000   60% up to £1,000,000
100% above £1,000,000
Deferred bonuses are generally delivered in equal portions as deferred cash and deferred shares subject to the rules of the deferred cash and share plans (as amended from
time to time) and continued service. Deferred bonuses are subject to either a 3, 5 or 7 year deferral period in line with regulatory requirements.
Where dividend equivalents cannot be delivered on deferred bonus shares, the number of deferred bonus shares awarded
will be calculated using a share price discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.
Share plans   Alignment of senior employees with shareholders is achieved through deferral of incentive pay. We also encourage wider
employee shareholding through the all-employee share plans. 86% of the global employee population is eligible to participate (up from 82% in 2016).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 57


Governance: Remuneration report


Directors’ remuneration policy


This section sets out a summary of the Barclays’ forward-looking DRP and is provided for
information only. The DRP was approved at the 2017 AGM held on 10 May 2017 and applies for three years from that date. The full DRP can be found on pages 108 to 120 of the 2016 Annual Report or at home.barclays/annualreport.


Remuneration policy summary – executive Directors


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation in 2018
Fixed Pay To reward skills and experience appropriate for the breadth and depth of the role and to provide the basis for a competitive remuneration
package   Fixed Pay is determined with reference to market practice and historical market data (on
which the Committee receives independent advice), and reflects the individual’s experience and role. Total compensation is benchmarked against comparable roles in banks. 50% of Fixed Pay is delivered in cash (paid monthly), and 50% is delivered in
shares. The shares are delivered quarterly and are subject to a holding period with restrictions lifting over five years (20% each year). As the executive Directors beneficially own the shares, they will be entitled to any dividends paid on those
shares. There are no performance measures. Malus and clawback provisions do not apply to Fixed Pay.   No change from 2017. ◾ Jes Staley:
£2,350,000 ◾ Tushar
Morzaria: £1,650,000 These amounts are fixed and will not
change during the policy period for these individuals.
Pension To enable executive Directors to build long-term retirement savings   Executive Directors receive an annual cash allowance in lieu of participation in a pension arrangement.   No change from 2017. ◾ Jes Staley:
£396,000 ◾ Tushar
Morzaria: £200,000 These amounts are fixed and will not
change during the policy period for these individuals.
Benefits To provide a competitive and cost effective benefits package appropriate to the role and location   Executive Directors’ benefits provision includes, but is not restricted to, private
medical cover, annual health check, life and ill health income protection, car cash allowance, and use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes. In addition to the above, if an executive Director were to relocate,
additional support would be provided for a defined and limited period of time in line with Barclays’ general employee mobility policy. Barclays will pay the tax on relocation costs but will not tax equalise and will also not pay tax on any
other employment income.   No change from 2017.
Annual bonus To reward delivery of short-term financial targets set each year, the individual performance of the executive Directors in achieving those targets,
and their contribution to delivering Barclays’ strategic objectives Delivery in part in shares with a holding period increases alignment with shareholders. Deferred bonuses encourage longer term focus and retention   The maximum annual bonus opportunity is 80% of Total fixed pay. For these purposes Total
fixed pay is Fixed Pay plus Pension. The performance measures
include financial and non-financial measures which also include risk-related measures and personal objectives. Financial measures will be at least 60% of the bonus opportunity. The Committee has discretion to vary the measures and their respective
weighting within each category. Annual bonuses are delivered as a
combination of cash and shares, a proportion of which may be deferred and/or subject to a holding period. Deferral proportions and vesting profiles will be structured so that, in combination with any LTIP award, the proportion of variable pay that is
deferred is no less than that required by regulations. Dividend
equivalents are payable on vested deferred bonus shares. If dividend equivalents are not permissible under regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be determined using a share price discounted by reference to the expected dividend
yield. A notional discount may be applied to deferred bonuses for
the purposes of calculating the 2:1 cap to the extent permitted by regulations. Awards are subject to malus during the vesting period and clawback for a period of seven years (10 years in specific circumstances) from the date of award.   Details of performance measures are set out on page 67. Shares issued are subject to a holding period of one year after
vesting. As dividend equivalents are not permissible under
regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be calculated using a share price discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.


58 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation in 2018
Annual bonus continued   Non-deferred cash components of any bonus are paid following the performance year to which
they relate, normally in March. Non-deferred share bonuses are also awarded normally in March and are subject to a holding period (after the payment of tax) in line with regulations. Deferred share bonuses are structured so that no deferred shares vest faster
than permitted by regulations (currently in five equal tranches with the first vesting on or around the third anniversary of grant and the last tranche vesting on or around the seventh anniversary of grant). Any shares that vest are subject to an
additional holding period (after payment of tax) in line with regulations.
Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) award To reward
execution of Barclays’ strategy over a multi-year period Long-term performance measurement, deferral and holding periods encourage a long-term view and align executive Directors’ interests with those
of shareholders. Malus and clawback provisions discourage excessive risk-taking and inappropriate behaviours   The maximum annual LTIP award is 120% of Total fixed pay. For these purposes Total fixed
pay is Fixed Pay plus Pension. Forward-looking performance
measures will be based on financial performance and other long-term strategic measures. Financial measures will be at least 70% of the total opportunity. Straight line vesting applies between threshold and maximum for the financial measures with no
more than 25% vesting at threshold performance. LTIP awards are
structured so that when combined with the annual bonus the proportion of variable pay that is deferred is no less than that required by regulations. The Committee has discretion to vary the measures year on year and their respective weighting within each category. The Committee also has
discretion to amend targets, measures and the number of awards in exceptional circumstances and to reduce the vesting of any award, including to nil, if it deems that the outcome is not consistent with performance. Dividend equivalents are payable on vested deferred shares. If dividend
equivalents are not permissible under the regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be determined using a share price discounted by reference to the expected dividend yield. A notional discount may be applied to LTIP awards for the purposes of
calculating the 2:1 cap to the extent permitted by regulations. Awards are subject to malus during the vesting period and clawback for a period of seven years (10 years in specific circumstances) from the date of
award. No LTIP award vests before the third anniversary of grant
and an award vests no faster than permitted by regulations (currently in five equal tranches with the first tranche vesting on or around the third anniversary of grant and the last tranche vesting on or around the seventh anniversary of the grant
date). Any shares that vest are subject to an additional holding period (after payment of tax) in line with regulations.   Details of performance measures and targets for awards to be made in 2018 (in respect of
2017) are set out on page 65. For awards to be made in respect of
2018, the measures and targets will be determined at the end of 2018 for the performance period commencing on 1 January 2019. On vesting, the award is subject to a holding period of one year. As dividend equivalents are not permissible under regulations, the number of shares to be awarded will be calculated using a share price discounted
to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period.
Shareholding requirement To further enhance the alignment of shareholders’ and executive Directors’ interests in long-term value creation   Executive Directors must build up a shareholding of 200% of Total fixed pay (i.e. Fixed
Pay plus Pension) within five years from the date of appointment as executive Director. Executive Directors must also continue to hold a shareholding of 100% of Total fixed pay (or pro-rata thereof) for two years post-termination.   No change from 2017. (Equivalent to 457% of salary for the Group Chief Executive under the
previous DRP.)

Executive Directors are also entitled to participate in all employee share plans, for example Barclays Sharesave
and Barclays Sharepurchase, on the same basis as all other employees.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 59


Governance: Remuneration report


Directors’ remuneration policy


Remuneration policy summary – non-executive Directors


Element and purpose   Operation   Implementation In 2018
Fees Reflect individual responsibilities and membership of Board Committees and are set to attract non-executive Directors who have relevant skills and
experience to oversee the implementation of our strategy Fees are
set at a level which reflects the role, responsibilities and time commitment which are expected from the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and non-executive Directors   The Chairman and Deputy Chairman are paid an all-inclusive fee for all Board
responsibilities. The Chairman has a minimum time commitment equivalent to at least 80% of a full-time role. The other non-executive Directors receive a basic Board fee, with additional fees payable where individuals serve as a member or Chairman of
a Committee of the Board. Fees are reviewed each year by the Board
as a whole. Other than in exceptional circumstances, fees will not increase by more than 20% above the current fee levels during this policy period (basic fees last increased in 2011). £30,000 (Chairman: £100,000) after tax and national insurance
contributions per annum of each non-executive Director’s basic fee is used to purchase Barclays’ shares which are retained on the non-executive Director’s behalf until they retire from the Board. Some non-executive Directors may also receive fees as directors of subsidiary
companies of Barclays PLC.   No change from 2017.
Benefits   The Chairman is provided with private medical cover subject to the terms of the
Barclays’ scheme rules from time to time, and is provided with the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes. Benefits which are minor in nature and do not exceed a cost of £500 may be provided to non-executive Directors in specific
circumstances.   No change from 2017.
Expenses   The Chairman and non-executive Directors are reimbursed for any reasonable and appropriate
expenses incurred for business reasons. Any tax that arises on these reimbursed expenses is paid by Barclays.   No change from 2017.

Service contracts and letters of appointment


All executive Directors have a service contract whereas all non-executive Directors have a letter of appointment. Copies of the service contracts
and letters of appointment are available for inspection at the Company’s registered office. The dates of the current Directors’ service contracts and letters of appointment are shown in the table below.


Effective date
Chairman
John McFarlane   1 January 2015 (non-executive Director), 24 April 2015 (Chairman)
Executive Directors
Jes Staley   1 December 2015
Tushar Morzaria   15 October 2013
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   18 September 2013
Tim Breedon   1 November 2012
Sir Ian Cheshire   3 April 2017
Mary Francis   1 October 2016
Crawford Gillies   1 May 2014
Sir Gerry Grimstone   1 January 2016
Reuben Jeffery III   16 July 2009
Matthew Lester   1 September 2017
Dambisa Moyo   1 May 2010
Diane Schueneman   25 June 2015
Mike Turner   1 January 2018


60 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


This section explains how our Directors’ remuneration policy was implemented during 2017.

Executive Directors

Executive Directors: Single total figure for 2017 remuneration

The following table shows a single total figure
for 2017 remuneration in respect of qualifying service for each executive Director together with comparative figures for 2016.


Fixed Pay a   Taxable benefits   Annual bonus   LTIP   Pension   Total
£000   £000   £000   £000   £000   £000
2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016
Jes Staley b   2,350   2,350   62   169   1,065   1,318   –   –   396   396   3,873   4,233
Tushar Morzaria c   1,614   1,550   44   44   747   854   882   1,008   200   200   3,487   3,656

Notes

a The 2016 figures for Fixed Pay relate to Salary and RBP.

b Jes Staley’s 2016 benefits figure includes
relocation expenses.

c Tushar Morzaria’s Fixed Pay increased to £1,650,000 with effect from 10 May 2017.


Additional information in respect of each element of pay for the executive Directors


Fixed Pay

Fixed Pay was
introduced for 2017, replacing Salary and RBP, and is delivered 50% in cash and 50% in shares (subject to a 5 year holding period lifting pro-rata).

Taxable benefits

Taxable benefits include private medical cover, life and ill health income protection, tax
advice, relocation, car allowance, the use of a Company vehicle and driver when required for business purposes and other benefits that are considered minor in nature.


Annual bonus

Annual bonuses
are typically awarded in Q1 following the financial year to which they relate. The Committee considered the executive Directors’ performance against the financial (60% weighting) and strategic/non-financial (20% weighting) performance measures
which had been set to reflect company priorities for 2017. Performance against their individual personal objectives (20% weighting) was assessed on an individual basis.


2017 annual bonus outcomes


Financial (60% weighting)


The approach taken to assessing financial performance against each of the financial measures was based on a straight-line outcome between 25% for
threshold performance and 100% applicable to each measure for achievement of maximum performance.

The formulaic outcome from 2017
performance against the financial measures set at the beginning of the year gave a total of 22.5% out of 60% being payable attributable to those measures. A summary of the assessment is provided in the following table.


Financial performance measure   Weighting   Threshold 25%   Maximum 100%   2017 Actual   2017 Outcome
Profit before tax (excluding material items)   22.5%   £5.10bn   £6.20bn   £4.24bn   0%
CET1 ratio   22.5%   12.6%   13.0%   13.3%   22.5%
Cost: income ratio (excluding material items)   15.0%   67.0%   63.0%   70.0%   0%
Total Financial   60%   22.5%


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 61


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Strategic (20% weighting)


Progress in relation to each of the strategic measures, organised around three main categories, was assessed by the Committee. The Committee used
the following scale in relation to each measure: 0% to 1% firmly below performance expectations, 1.5% to 3% slightly below performance expectations, 3.5% to 5.5% meeting or slightly exceeding performance expectations, and 6% to 7% clearly above
performance expectations. Based on this approach to assessing performance against 2017 Group Performance Measurement Framework milestones, the Committee agreed a 13% outcome out of a maximum of 20%. The assessment is provided in the following table.


Measure   2017 Outcome
Customer and Client   ◾ We have
continued to make progress with our customer and client agenda. However, complaints remain an ongoing area of focus for management and the Board   3.0%
◾ Barclays
Relationship Net Promoter Score (NPS) ended the year with an improved score of +14 (2016: +10) while Barclaycard UK Relationship NPS remained relatively flat (2017: +9). Barclaycard International business also continued to perform well on
Relationship NPS
◾ Underlying UK complaint
volumes (Barclays UK, excluding PPI) reduced 13% year on year, however, there has been a small increase in PPI complaints (up 2% year on year) driven largely by the FCA deadline announcement. Barclays UK complaint volumes, including PPI, were down
7% year on year. Barclays International complaints reduced by 19% year on year. Complaints reduction remains a priority across the Group, and despite improvements in 2017, Barclays has more work to do, as can be seen from our position in the H1 2017
FCA complaints tables in the UK
◾ The
number of customers and clients in the UK using our digital services on a regular basis has increased to over 10 million customers (2016: nearly 9.5m)
◾ In our home markets of the UK and US, our CIB ranked 6th place by fee share across M&A, equity and debt capital markets and syndicated loan transactions (2016: 5th); and we
were highly encouraged by the 1st place CIB ranking in the UK (Dealogic).
Colleague   ◾ Overall
this has been a year of progress on increasing the diversity of our workforce and in building an inclusive and engaged culture   4.5%
◾ Employee
sustainable engagement improved by 3% year on year to 78%, with the majority of key survey question results recording improvements and the rest remaining stable
◾ We remain
focused on improving our gender diversity. We have made a 1% improvement in the percentage of female Managing Directors and Directors to 23% (on a like for like basis excluding Africa). Recognising the importance of strengthening our talent
pipeline, we also have an ambition for 50% female graduate hires and have ended 2017 at 40%
◾ External recognition includes: Stonewall recognising Barclays as one of 12 Top Global Employers; the Human Rights Campaign awarding Barclays 100% on their corporate equality
index; Working Families UK recognising Barclays as one of the top 10 Employers for Working Families in 2017; and Barclays was acknowledged as a Top 50 Employer through the Social Mobility Employer Index in 2017.
Citizenship   ◾ This has
been a very positive year in the Citizenship space, with further progress in many areas ◾ We helped upskill over 2.1 million people (2016 1.7 million), driven by a range of regional employability partnerships and our flagship LifeSkills programme in the
UK   5.5%
◾ Barclays
delivered £31.7bn in financing for selected social and environmental segments (2016: £30.5bn)
◾ We helped
empower around 205,000 people (2016: 249,000) through initiatives such as: Barclaycard Initial for those with a limited credit history; our Digital Eagles network, comprised of specially trained Barclays’ employees working to provide free
technology support to customers and non-customers; and the continued development of learning platforms
◾ We
reduced carbon emissions by 26.1% against the 2015 baseline, making good progress against our target of 30% reduction by 2018
◾ We also achieved 89% (2016: 88%) on-time payment by value to our suppliers, ahead of our target of 85%, and published an updated Statement on Modern Slavery.
13% out of 20%

Further details on the Group Performance Measurement Framework can be found on pages 15 to 22.


62 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Individual outcomes including assessment of personal objectives


Performance against each of the executive Directors’ individual personal objectives (20% weighting overall) was assessed by the Committee on an
individual basis.

(i) Jes Staley

A summary of the assessment for Jes Staley against his specific performance measures is provided in the following table.


Performance measure   Weighting   2017 Outcome
Financial   See table on page 61   60%   22.5%
Strategic   See table on page 104   20%   13.0%
Personal objectives   Judgemental assessment – see below   20%   13.0%
Total   100%   48.5%
Final outcome approved by the Remuneration Committee   48.5%

The Committee assessed Jes Staley’s performance against his 2017 personal objectives (as set out on page 126 of
the 2016 Annual Report). In relation to the joint personal objectives, the Committee has taken account of delivery against financial commitments including achieving the end state target range for the CET1 ratio as well as improvements to our cost:
income ratio, while recognising that there is still some way to go in getting returns where management, the Board and our investors expect them to be. The Committee has also recognised the early closure of Non-Core and successful reintegration of
remaining assets/businesses into Core as well as the achievement of the accounting deconsolidation and proportional regulatory consolidation of BAGL. It noted that the Structural Reform programme has been well executed, with the launch of the Group
Service Company achieved. The Committee noted the significant work that has taken place in planning following the EU referendum outcome. Risk and control have also continued to be managed effectively, with further progress in resolving legacy
conduct and litigation matters.

In relation to his individual objectives, the Committee recognises that Jes Staley has made continued
progress towards ensuring a high performing culture in line with our Values, and employee engagement has been strengthened in 2017. Barclays has made improvements in some customer and client metrics such as a reduction in customer complaints, while
noting the need for further improvement. Succession planning for senior roles has been improved, and continued progress made in improving the percentage of women in senior leadership roles (5th consecutive year increasing the percentage of female
Managing Directors and Directors). Finally, significant improvements have been made to the Group's control environment, with a focus on operations and technology infrastructure, particularly through the establishment of the Group Service Company.


While recognising the strong strategic delivery, given some of the remaining challenges, particularly around returns, the Committee
judged that 13% of a maximum of 20% attributable to individual objectives was appropriate.

In aggregate, the performance assessment for
Jes Staley resulted in an overall formulaic outcome of 48.5% of maximum bonus opportunity being achieved. The Committee considered the outcome and agreed that a 2017 annual bonus of £1,065,000 (48.5% of maximum) was appropriate, of which 62.4%
is deferred under the Share Value Plan in line with the Group-wide deferral structure.

(ii) Tushar Morzaria


A summary of the assessment for Tushar Morzaria against his specific performance measures is provided in the following table.


Performance measure   Weighting   2017 Outcome
Financial   See table on page 61   60%   22.5%
Strategic   See table on page 104   20%   13.0%
Personal objectives   Judgemental assessment – see below   20%   15.0%
Total   100%   50.5%
Final outcome approved by the Remuneration Committee   50.5%

The Committee assessed Tushar Morzaria’s performance against his 2017 personal objectives (as set out on page
126 of the 2016 Annual Report). In relation to the joint personal objectives, the Committee recognised Tushar Morzaria's contribution to the financial outcomes, including achieving the end state target range for the CET1 ratio as well as
improvements to our cost: income ratio. The Committee also recognised that Tushar Morzaria had been instrumental in the execution of the strategy including the closure of Non-Core, the accounting deconsolidation and proportional regulatory
consolidation of BAGL and the Structural Reform programme in the UK. He has also made significant contributions to Barclays' planning in response to the EU referendum outcome and plays a key leadership role in managing risk and control as well as
settling legacy conduct and litigation issues.

In relation to his individual objectives, the Committee recognises that he is extremely
well respected by both internal and external stakeholders including the Board, regulators, stakeholders, investors and colleagues across the organisation, effectively managing external relationships and the reputation of the Group. He has also
continued to strengthen his team within Finance and has exemplified the Values expected by the Board - he is tireless in his commitment to the organisation and defines the notion of partnership. Given his strong personal performance during 2017, the
Committee judged that 15% of a maximum 20% attributable to individual objectives was appropriate.

In aggregate, the performance
assessment for Tushar Morzaria resulted in an overall formulaic outcome of 50.5% of maximum bonus opportunity being achieved. The Committee considered the outcome and agreed that a 2017 annual bonus of £747,000 (50.5% of maximum) was
appropriate, of which 46.5% is deferred under the Share Value Plan in line with the Group-wide deferral structure.

In line with the DRP,
and due to the regulations prohibiting dividend equivalents being paid on unvested deferred share awards, the number of shares awarded to each executive Director under the Share Value Plan will be calculated using a share price at the date of award,
discounted to reflect the absence of dividend equivalents during the vesting period. The valuation will be aligned to IFRS 2, with the market expectations of dividends during the deferral period being assessed by an independent adviser. These shares
will vest in five equal tranches from the third to seventh anniversary (subject to the rules of the Share Value Plan as amended from time to time). All shares (whether deferred or not) are subject to a further one year holding period from the point
of release. 2017 bonuses are subject to clawback provisions and, additionally, unvested deferred 2017 bonuses are subject to malus provisions which enable the Committee to reduce the vesting level of deferred bonuses (including to nil).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 63


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


LTIP


The LTIP amount included in Tushar Morzaria’s 2017 single total figure is the value of the amount scheduled to be released in relation to the
LTIP award granted in 2015 in respect of performance period 2015-2017 (by reference to Q4 2017 average share price). As Jes Staley was not a participant in this cycle, the LTIP figure in the single figure table is zero for him. Release is dependent
on, among other things, performance over the period from 1 January 2015 to 31 December 2017 with straight-line vesting applied between the threshold and maximum points. The performance achieved against the performance targets is as
follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting   Actual   % of award vesting
Net generated equity a   30%   7.5% of award vests for Net generated equity of £1,363m   Net generated equity of £1,844m   £3,427m   30.0%
Core return on risk weighted assets (RoRWA) excluding own credit   20%   5% of award vests for average annual Core RoRWA of 1.34%   Average annual Core RoRWA of 1.81%   0.68%   0.0%
Non-Core drag on return on equity (RoE) excluding material items   10%   2.5% of award vests for Non-Core drag on RoE of -4.02%   Non-Core drag on RoE of -2.97%   -3.85%   3.7%
Loan loss rate   10%   2.5% of award vests for average annual loan loss rate of 70bps   Average annual loss rate of 55bps or below   54bps   10.0%
Balanced Scorecard   30%   Performance against the Balanced Scorecard was assessed by the Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest
between 0% and 30%. Each of the 5Cs in the Balanced Scorecard has equal weighting.   See below   9.0%
Total   52.7%

Note

a Net generated equity is a metric which converts changes in the CET1 ratio into an absolute capital equivalent measure. The measure is expressed as an average over the period.


A summary of the Committee’s assessment against the Balanced Scorecard performance measure over the three year performance period is provided
below.


Category   Weighting   Performance   Vesting out of maximum 6% for each ‘C’
Customer and Client   6%   ◾ Barclays UK Relationship NPS ended the year with a score +14, with improvement also seen in Barclaycard UK Relationship NPS (c.+2). However, performance against peers remained
4th throughout the period, below our 2018 target of 1st ◾ Client Franchise Rank
remained stable at 5th throughout the period. While this is a positive result given our shift in strategy to focus more narrowly on geographies and businesses of strength in the Investment Bank, we are not on track to achieve the 2018 target of Top
3.   1%
Colleague   6%   ◾ Continued improvement of +1% per year in the female representation across senior leadership roles (on a like for like basis excluding Africa) to 23% at the end of
2017 ◾ Colleague engagement improved from 74% in 2014 to 75% in 2015 and 2016 and to 78% in 2017. However engagement remains significantly below our 2018 targets.   2%
Citizenship   6%   ◾ Met or exceeded 10/11 initiatives in 2015 and 6/6 Shared Growth Ambition goals in 2016 and 2017. Of particular note: –  Financing to social and environmental
segments rising to £31.7bn in 2017 –  Global carbon emissions decreased 26.1% against the 2015 baseline –  Supplier payment on time exceeded target
of 85% throughout the period.   4%
Conduct   6%   ◾ Conduct reputation, as measured by the YouGov survey, has remained at 5.4 over the period and below our 2018 target of 6.5.   0%
Company   6%   ◾ Significant strengthening
in the CET1 ratio over the period, with the CET1 ratio now within our end-state target range   2%
◾ However,
returns excluding material items (both RoE and RoTE) were below target through much of the period
◾ Cost: income ratio improved but still below long term target.
Total   30%   9%

The LTIP award is also subject to a discretionary underpin whereby the Committee must be satisfied with the
underlying financial health of the Group. The Committee was satisfied that this underpin was met, and accordingly determined that the award should be considered for release at 52.7% of the maximum number of shares under the total award. The shares
are scheduled to be released in March 2018. After release, the shares are subject to an additional two year holding period.

Pension


Executive Directors are paid cash in lieu of pension contributions. The cash allowance in 2017 was £396,000 for Jes Staley and
£200,000 for Tushar Morzaria. No other benefits were received by the executive Directors from any Barclays’ pension plans.


64 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Executive Directors: other LTIP awards

The Directors’ remuneration reporting regulations require inclusion in the single total figure of only the value of the LTIP awards whose last year of performance ends in the relevant financial year and whose vesting outcome is
known. For 2017, this is the award to Tushar Morzaria under the 2015-2017 LTIP cycle and further details are set out on page 64. This section sets out other LTIP cycles in which the executive Directors participate, the outcome of which remains
dependent on future performance.

LTIP awards to be granted during 2018


The Committee decided to make an award under the 2018-2020 LTIP cycle to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria (based on their performance in 2017) with a
face value at grant of 120% of their respective Total fixed pay at 31 December 2017.

The 2018-2020 LTIP award will be subject to the
following forward-looking performance measures.


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Average Return on tangible equity (RoTE) excluding   50%   10% of award vests for average RoTE of 7.75% (based on an assumed CET1 ratio of c.13%)   Average RoTE of 10.25%
material items   Vesting of this element will depend on CET1 levels during the performance
period: ◾ If
CET1 goes below the mandatory distribution restrictions (MDR) hurdlea in any year of the period, no part of the RoTE element will vest ◾ If CET1 goes below the
MDR hurdle +150bps but remains above the hurdle during the period, the Committee will exercise its discretion to determine what portion of the RoTE element should vest, based on the causes of the CET1 reduction.
Average cost: income ratio excluding material items   20%   4% of award vests for average cost: income ratio of 62.5%   Average cost: income ratio of 58%
Risk Scorecard   15%   The Risk Scorecard captures a range of risks and is aligned with the annual incentive risk alignment framework reviewed with the
regulators. The current framework measures performance against three broad categories - Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct - using a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The framework may be updated from time to
time in line with the Group’s risk strategy. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure will be made in the 2020 Remuneration report, subject to commercial sensitivity no
longer remaining.
Strategic/Non-financial   15%   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Group
Performance Measurement Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress throughout the period against each category. Performance against the Strategic/Non-financial measures will be assessed by the Committee to determine the
percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting. Measures will likely include,
but will not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, client rankings and market shares for the CIB, complaints performance and volume of lending provided to customers and
clients. ◾ Colleague: Diversity
and Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures. ◾ Citizenship: Delivery
against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.

Note

a The CET1 ratio underpin in 2018 will reference the expected end-state MDR hurdle, currently expected to be 11.4%.


Straight-line vesting applies between the threshold and maximum points in respect of the financial measures.


The award is subject to a discretionary underpin by which the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the Group.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 65


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Outstanding LTIP awards


(i) LTIP awards granted during 2016

The performance measures for the awards made under the 2016-2018 LTIP cycle are as follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Return on tangible equity   25%   6.25% of award vests for average RoTE   Average RoTE of 10.0%
(RoTE) excluding material   of 7.5%
items   CET1 ratio must remain at or above an acceptable level for any of this element to vest. The threshold will be reviewed and set
annually based on market conditions and regulatory requirements (11.3% on 31 December 2018)
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2018   25%   6.25% of award vests for CET1 ratio of 11.6%   CET1 ratio of 12.7%
Cost: income ratio excluding   20%   5% of award vests for average cost: income   Average cost: income ratio of 58%
material items   ratio of 66%
Risk Scorecard   15%   Performance against the Risk Scorecard is assessed by the Committee, with input from the Group Risk function, Board Risk Committee
and Board Reputation Committee as appropriate, to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. Since its introduction in 2016, the Risk Scorecard has been aligned by the Committee to the annual incentive risk alignment
framework reviewed with the regulators. Following this alignment, the current framework measures performance against three broad categories – Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct – using a combination of quantitative and
qualitative metrics. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure of performance will be made in the 2018 Remuneration report subject to commercial sensitivity no longer
remaining.
Balanced Scorecard   15%   Performance against the Balanced Scorecard is assessed by the Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest
between 0% and 15%. Each of the 5Cs in the Balanced Scorecard has equal weighting. Assessment will be made against progress towards the 2018 targets.
Straight-line vesting applies between the threshold and maximum points in respect of the financial measures. The award is subject to a discretionary underpin by which the Committee must
be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the Group. (ii) LTIP awards granted during 2017 An award was made to Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria on 23 June 2017 under the 2017-2019 LTIP cycle at a share price on the date of grant of £1.9545, in accordance with our DRP. This is the price used to calculate the face
value below.


% of Total fixed pay   Number of shares   Face value at grant   Performance period
Jes Staley   120%   1,685,955   3,295,200   2017-2019
Tushar Morzaria   120%   1,074,443   2,100,000   2017-2019

The performance measures for the 2017-2019 LTIP awards are as follows:


Performance measure   Weighting   Threshold   Maximum vesting
Return on tangible equity (RoTE) excluding material   25%   6.25% of award vests for average RoTE excluding material items of 7.5%   Average RoTE excluding material items of 9.5%
items   CET1 ratio must remain at or above an acceptable level for any of this element to vest. The threshold will be reviewed and set
annually based on market conditions and regulatory requirements (11.3% on 31 December 2018)
CET1 ratio as at 31 December 2019   25%   6.25% of award vests for CET1 ratio 100 basis points above the MDR hurdle   CET1 ratio 200 basis points above the MDR hurdle
Cost: income ratio excluding   20%   5% of award vests for average cost:   Average cost: income ratio of 58%
material items   income ratio of 63%
Risk Scorecard   15%   The Risk Scorecard captures a range of risks and is aligned with the annual incentive risk alignment framework reviewed with the
regulators. The current framework measures performance against three broad categories – Capital and Liquidity, Control Environment and Conduct – using a combination of quantitative and qualitative metrics. The framework may be updated from
time to time in line with the Group’s risk strategy. Specific targets within each of the categories are deemed to be commercially sensitive. Retrospective disclosure will be made in the 2019 Remuneration report.
Strategic/Non-Financial   15%   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Group
Performance Measurement Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress throughout the period against each category. Performance against the Strategic/Non-financial measures will be assessed by the Committee to determine the
percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 15%. The measures are organised around three main categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting. Measures will likely include,
but will not be limited to, the following: ◾ Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, Client rankings and market shares for the Corporate and Investment Bank, complaints performance and volume of lending
provided to customers and clients. ◾ Colleague: Diversity
and Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture measures. ◾ Citizenship: Delivery
against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks and surveys.


66 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Straight-line vesting applies between the threshold and maximum points in respect of the financial measures.


The award is subject to a discretionary underpin by which the Committee must be satisfied with the underlying financial health of the Group.


Executive Directors: Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2018


The executive Directors’ package for 2018 can be summarised as follows. Further details can be found on pages 58 to 59.


Jes Staley   Tushar Morzaria   Comments
Fixed Pay   £2,350,000   £1,650,000   No change from 2017.
Pension   £396,000   £200,000   No change from 2017.
Maximum Bonus   80% of Total fixed pay a   80% of Total fixed pay a   Total variable opportunity unchanged.
Maximum LTIP   120% of Total fixed pay a   120% of Total fixed pay a   Bonus and LTIP combined for regulatory
deferral purposes.

Note

a Total fixed pay is defined as Fixed Pay plus Pension.

2018 Annual bonus performance measures


Performance measures with appropriately stretching targets have been selected to cover a range of financial and non-financial goals that support the
key strategic objectives of the Company. The performance measures and weightings are shown below.


Financial (60% weighting)   ◾   Proffit before tax excluding material items (40% weighting)
Payout of this element will depend on the CET1 ratio during the performance year:
A performance target range has been set for each financial measure.   –   If CET1 goes below the expected end-state MDR hurdle a during the year, no part of this element will pay out
–   If CET1 goes below the end-state MDR hurdle + 150bps but remains above the hurdle during the period, the Committee will exercise its discretion to determine what portion of this
element should pay out, based on the causes of the CET1 reduction
◾   Cost: income ratio excluding material items (20% weighting).
Strategic/Non-financial (20% weighting)   The evaluation will focus on key performance measures from the Group Performance Measurement Framework, with a detailed retrospective narrative on progress during the
year against each category. Performance against the Strategic/Non-financial measures will be assessed by the Committee to determine the percentage of the award that may vest between 0% and 20%. The measures are organised around three main
categories: Customer and Client, Colleague and Citizenship. Each of the three main categories has equal weighting.
Measures will likely include, but will not be limited to, the following:
◾   Customer and Client: NPS for consumer businesses, Client rankings and market shares for the Corporate and Investment Bank, complaints performance and volume of lending
provided to customers and clients
◾   Colleague: Diversity and Inclusion statistics (including women in senior leadership), Employee sustainable engagement survey scores and conduct and culture
measures
◾   Citizenship: Delivery against our Shared Growth Ambition, Colleague engagement in Citizenship activities and external benchmarks
and surveys.
Personal (20% weighting)   The executive Directors have the following joint personal objectives for 2018:
◾   deliver on 2018 financial goals such that we remain on track to achieve our returns targets
◾   seek opportunities for further cost savings and optimise the capital allocation within the Group
◾   complete the Structural Reform programme successfully, ensuring the UK ring-fenced bank is fully operational
◾   finalise the implementation plan for an effective Brexit outcome
◾   continue to drive strategic initiatives to enhance growth in shareholder value in the medium term
◾   manage risk and control effectively and make continued progress in resolving outstanding conduct matters.
In addition, individual personal objectives for 2018 are as follows:
Jes Staley:
◾   continue to strengthen the Bank’s cyber readiness, operational and financial controls
◾   further improve customer and client satisfaction, with a particular focus on reducing the number of overall complaints
◾   as part of the ongoing succession planning for Group and Business Unit/Functional Executive Committees, continue the focus on improving the percentage of women in senior
leader positions.
Tushar Morzaria:
◾   continue to strengthen team performance (especially following the creation of the Group Service Company), talent base and employee engagement in Group Finance, Tax and
Treasury
◾   demonstrate effective management of external relationships and reputation.

Note

a The end-state MDR hurdle is currently expected to be 11.4%.

Detailed calibration of the Financial
targets is commercially sensitive and it is not appropriate to disclose this information externally on a prospective basis. Disclosure of achievement will be made in the 2018 Annual Report subject to the targets no longer being commercially
sensitive. The Committee may exercise its discretion to amend the formulaic outcome of assessment against the targets. Any exercise of discretion will be disclosed and explained.


Illustrative scenarios for executive Directors’ remuneration


The charts below show the potential value of the current executive Directors’ 2018 total remuneration in three scenarios:
‘Minimum’ (i.e. Fixed Pay, Pension and benefits), ‘Maximum’ (i.e. Fixed Pay, Pension, benefits and the maximum variable pay that may be awarded) and ‘Mid-point’ (i.e. Fixed Pay, Pension, benefits and 50% of the maximum
variable pay that may be awarded). For the purposes of these charts, the value of benefits is based on an estimated annual value for 2018. The scenarios do not reflect share price movement between award and vesting.


A significant proportion of the potential remuneration of the executive Directors is variable and is therefore performance-related. It is also
subject to deferral, additional holding periods, malus and clawback.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 67


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


In the above illustrative scenarios, benefits include regular contractual benefits. Additional ad hoc benefits
may arise, for example, overseas relocation of executive Directors, but will always be provided in line with the DRP.

Performance
graph and table

The performance graph below illustrates the performance of Barclays over the financial years from 2009 to 2017 in
terms of total shareholder return compared with that of the companies comprising the FTSE 100 index. The index has been selected because it represents a cross-section of leading UK companies.


In addition, the table below provides a summary of the total remuneration of the relevant Group
Chief Executive over the same period as the above graph. For the purpose of calculating the value of the remuneration of the Group Chief Executive, data has been collated on a basis consistent with the ‘single figure’ methodology.


The table also provides pay ratios of the Group Chief Executive’s total remuneration to average remuneration for UK employees and
the Group Executive Committee (Group ExCo) respectively.


Year   2009   2010   2011   2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017
Group Chief Executive   John Varley   John Varley   Bob Diamond   Bob Diamond   a   Antony Jenkins   b   Antony Jenkins   Antony Jenkins   Antony Jenkins   b   John McFarlane   c   Jes Staley   d   Jes Staley   Jes Staley
Group Chief Executive single figure of total remuneration £000s   2,050   4,567   11,070   e   1,892   529   1,602   5,467   f   3,399   305   277   4,233   3,873
Annual bonus against maximum opportunity %   0%   100%   80%   0%   0%   0%   57%   48%   N/A   N/A   60%   48.5%
Long-term incentive vesting against maximum opportunity %   50%   16%   N/A   g   0%   N/A   g   N/A   g   30%   39%   N/A   g   N/A   g   N/A   g   N/A   g
Ratio of single figure of total remuneration to:
UK employee median   75 x   165 x   391 x   84 x   54 x   175 x   126 x   137 x   119 x
UK employee mean   39 x   86 x   204 x   44 x   29 x   94 x   69 x   73 x   65 x
Ratio of single figure of total remuneration to:
Group ExCo median   0.5 x   1.0 x   2.4 x   1.2 x   0.4 x   2.2 x   1.6 x   1.1 x   1.0 x
Group ExCo mean   0.3 x   0.5 x   1.3 x   0.8 x   0.4 x   2.0 x   1.3 x   1.1 x   0.7 x

Notes


a   Bob Diamond left the Board on 3 July 2012.


b   Antony Jenkins became Group Chief Executive on 30 August 2012 and left the Board on 16 July 2015.


c   John McFarlane was Executive Chairman from 17 July 2015 to 30 November 2015. His fees, which remained unchanged, have been pro-rated for his time in the position. He was not eligible to
receive a bonus or LTIP.


d   Jes Staley became Group Chief Executive on 1 December 2015.


e   This figure includes £5,745k tax equalisation as set out in the 2011 Remuneration report. Bob Diamond was tax equalised on tax above the UK rate where that could not be offset by a double tax
treaty.


f   Antony Jenkins’ 2014 pay is higher than in earlier years since he declined a bonus in 2012 and 2013 and did not have LTIP vesting in those years.


g   Not a participant in a long-term incentive award which vested in the period.

As we focus on our fair pay agenda, we are publishing our CEO pay ratios two years in advance of the disclosure becoming a statutory requirement. The pay ratios compare amounts disclosed in the single total figure table for the
Group Chief Executive to (a) the median and mean annual total compensation of all UK employees, and (b) the median and mean annual total compensation of the Group ExCo. Where there was more than one Group Chief Executive in a given year
(2012 and 2015), the pay ratio references the sum of the Group Chief Executive single total figure for that year.


68 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


It is worth noting that the ratios can be volatile. This is a result of a number of factors, including the tenure of our Group Chief Executives and
the variation in LTIP payouts (in some years, the Group Chief Executive may not be a participant in a vesting LTIP). Our current Group Chief Executive’s Fixed Pay is fixed for the duration of the current DRP, his 2017 bonus has reduced from
2016 and he has no LTIP vesting this year. This contrasts with the outcome for more junior populations where average fixed pay and average bonuses have increased between 2016 and 2017.


Percentage change in Group Chief Executive’s remuneration


The table below shows how the percentage change in the Group Chief Executive’s salary, benefits and bonus between 2016 and 2017 compared with
the percentage change in the average of each of those components of pay for UK based employees.


Fixed Pay   Benefits   Annual bonus
Group Chief Executive   0%   -63.3%   -19.2%
Average based on UK employees a   3.3%   0.6%   1.2%

Note

a Certain populations were excluded to enable a meaningful like for like comparison.

We have chosen UK based employees
as the comparator group as it is the most representative for pay structure comparisons.

Relative importance of spend on pay


A year on year comparison of Group compensation costs and distributions to shareholders is shown below.


Total remuneration of the employees in the Barclays Group


The table below shows the number of employees in the Barclays Group as at 31 December 2016 and 2017 in bands by reference to total
remuneration. Total remuneration comprises salary, RBP, other allowances, bonus and the value at award of LTIP awards.

Total
remuneration of the employees in the Barclays Group


Number of employees
2017   2016   2016
Remuneration band   Constant currency   Actual
£0 to £25,000   31,406   33,434   33,989
£25,001 to £50,000   24,280   23,081   22,927
£50,001 to £100,000   17,604   16,942   17,063
£100,001 to £250,000   9,818   9,453   9,098
£250,001 to £500,000   2,113   2,183   2,093
£500,001 to £1,000,000   811   829   771
£1,000,001 to £2,000,000   262   273   264
£2,000,001 to £3,000,000   70   65   61
£3,000,001 to £4,000,000   21   26   21
£4,000,001 to £5,000,000   5   7   7
£5,000,001 to £6,000,000   7   9   9
Above £6,000,000   4   3   2

Barclays is a global business. Of those employees earning above £1m in total remuneration for 2017 in the
table above, 61% are based in the US, 32% in the UK, and 7% in the rest of the world.

The number of employees paid above £1m is
down year on year on a constant currency basis (369 in 2017 vs. 383 in 2016).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 69


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Chairman and non-executive Directors


Remuneration for non-executive Directors reflects their responsibilities and time commitment and the level of fees paid to non-executive Directors
of comparable major UK companies.

Chairman and non-executive Directors: Single total figure for 2017 fees


Fees   Benefits   Total
2017 £000   2016 £000   2017 £000   2016 £000   2017 £000   2016 £000
Chairman
John McFarlane   800   800   2   1   802   801
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   215   207   –   –   215   207
Tim Breedon   225   220   –   –   225   220
Sir Ian Cheshire a   360   –   –   –   360   –
Mary Francis b   135   29   –   –   135   29
Crawford Gillies   195   195   –   –   195   195
Sir Gerry Grimstone c   375   250   –   –   375   250
Reuben Jeffery III   120   120   –   –   120   120
Matthew Lester d   45   –   –   –   45   –
Dambisa Moyo   135   135   –   –   135   135
Diane de Saint Victor e   38   118   –   –   38   118
Diane Schueneman fg   308   232   –   –   308   232
Steve Thieke fh   87   221   –   –   87   221
Wendy Lucas-Bull i   –   64   –   –   –   64
Frits van Paasschen j   –   35   –   –   –   35
Total   3,038   2,626   2   1   3,040   2,627

Non-executive Directors are reimbursed expenses that are incurred for business reasons. Any tax that arises on these
reimbursed expenses is paid by Barclays.

The Chairman is provided with private medical cover and the use of a Company vehicle and driver
when required for business purposes.

Notes


a   Sir Ian Cheshire joined the Board as a non-executive Director and the Barclays UK Board as Chairman with effect from 3 April 2017. The 2017 figure includes fees of £300,000 for his role
on the Barclays UK Board.


b   Mary Francis joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 October 2016.


c   Sir Gerry Grimstone joined the Board as a non-executive Director from 1 January 2016 succeeding Sir Michael Rake as Senior Independent Director and Deputy Chairman. He was appointed Chairman
of the Barclays International Divisional Board on 1 August 2017. His Board Deputy Chairman fees were reduced to £150,000 with effect from this appointment. The 2017 figure includes fees of £167,000 for his role on the Barclays
International Divisional Board.


d   Matthew Lester joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 September 2017.


e   Diane de Saint Victor retired from the Board with effect from 10 May 2017.


f   Diane Schueneman and Steve Thieke both served in 2016 on the US Governance Review Board and subsequently the board of the US intermediate holding company on its formation. The 2016 figures include
fees of $138,000 and $150,000 respectively for their roles on the US Governance Review Board and the board of the US intermediate holding company. In 2016, Steve Thieke also waived fees of $63,000. The 2017 figures include fees of $170,000 and
$63,000 respectively for their role on the board of the US intermediate holding company. In 2017, Steve Thieke also waived fees of $34,000.


g   Diane Schuneneman was appointed Chair of the Group Service Company Board on 1 September 2017. The 2017 figure includes fees of £41,000 for her role on the Group Service Company Board.


h   Steve Thieke retired from the Board with effect from 10 May 2017.


i   Wendy Lucas-Bull retired from the Board with effect from 1 March 2016. 2016 figures include fees received by Wendy Lucas-Bull for her role as Chairman of BAGL.


j   Frits van Paasschen retired from the Board with effect from 28 April 2016.

Chairman and non-executive Directors: Statement of implementation of remuneration policy in 2018

2018 fees,
subject to annual review in line with policy, for the Chairman and non-executive Directors are shown below.


1 January 2018 £000   1 January 2017 £000
Chairman a   800   800
Deputy Chairman b   250   250
Board member c   80   80
Additional responsibilities
Senior Independent Director   30   30
Chairman of Board Audit or Board Remuneration Committee   70   70
Chairman of Board Risk Committee   70   70
Chairman of Board Reputation Committee   50   50
Membership of Board Audit or Board Remuneration Committee   30   30
Membership of Board Reputation or Board Risk Committee   25   25
Membership of Board Nominations Committee   15   15

Notes


a   The Chairman does not receive any other additional responsibility fees in addition to the Chairman fees.


b   The Deputy Chairman does not receive any additional fees in respect of being a member or Chairman of Board Committees or for his role as Senior Independent Director. The current Deputy
Chairman’s fees have been reduced to £150,000 with effect from his appointment as Chairman of the Barclays International Divisional Board.


c   The basic Board member fee payable to non-executive Directors was last increased in May 2011.


70 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Payments to former Directors


Former Group Finance Director: Chris Lucas

In 2017, Chris Lucas continued to be eligible to receive life assurance cover, private medical cover and payments under the Executive Income Protection Plan (EIPP). Full details of his eligibility under the EIPP were disclosed in
the 2013 Directors’ Remuneration report. Chris Lucas did not receive any other payment or benefit in 2017.

Directors’
shareholdings and share interests

Executive Directors’ shareholdings and share interests


The chart below shows the value of Barclays’ shares held beneficially by Jes Staley and Tushar Morzaria as at 19 February 2018 that count
towards the shareholding requirement of, as a minimum, Barclays’ shares worth 200% of Total fixed pay (i.e. Fixed Pay plus Pension). The current executive Directors have five years from their respective date of appointment to meet this
requirement. At close of business on 19 February 2018, the market value of Barclays’ ordinary shares was £2.01.


Jes Staley (£000)   Tushar Morzaria (£000)
Requirement   £   5,492   Requirement   £3,700
Actual   £9,132   Actual   £4,354

Interests in Barclays PLC shares


The table below shows shares owned beneficially by all the Directors and shares over which executive Directors hold awards which are subject to
either deferral terms and/or performance measures. The shares shown below that are subject to performance measures are the maximum number of shares that may be released.


Unvested   Total as at
Owned outright   Subject to performance measures   Not subject to performance measures   31 December 2017 (or date of retirement from the Board, if earlier)   Total as at 19 February 2018
Executive Directors
Jes Staley   4,543,088   3,172,878   492,782   8,208,748   8,208,748
Tushar Morzaria   2,166,204   1,685,955   398,406   4,250,565   4,250,565
Chairman
John McFarlane   72,043   –   –   72,043   72,043
Non-executive Directors
Mike Ashley   73,517   –   –   73,517   73,517
Tim Breedon   37,124   –   –   37,124   37,124
Sir Ian Cheshire a   82,851   –   –   82,851   82,851
Mary Francis   14,099   –   –   14,099   14,099
Crawford Gillies   77,796   –   –   77,796   77,796
Sir Gerry Grimstone   110,972   –   –   110,972   110,972
Reuben Jeffery III   211,189   –   –   211,189   211,189
Matthew Lester b   10,000   –   –   10,000   10,000
Dambisa Moyo   59,036   –   –   59,036   59,036
Diane de Saint Victor c   42,823   –   –   42,823   –
Diane Schueneman   27,255   –   –   27,255   27,255
Steve Thieke d   59,724   –   –   59,724   –
Mike Turner e   –   –   –   –   –

Notes


a   Sir Ian Cheshire joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 3 April 2017.


b   Matthew Lester joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 September 2017.


c   Diane de Saint Victor retired from the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 May 2017.


d   Steve Thieke retired from the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 May 2017.


e   Mike Turner joined the Board as a non-executive Director with effect from 1 January 2018.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 71


Governance: Remuneration report


Annual report on Directors’ remuneration


Barclays Board Remuneration Committee


The Board Remuneration Committee is responsible for overseeing Barclays’ remuneration as described in more detail below.


Terms of Reference

The role
of the Committee is to:


◾   set the overarching principles and parameters of remuneration policy across the Group


◾   consider and approve the remuneration arrangements of (i) the Chairman, (ii) the executive Directors, (iii) members of the Barclays Group Executive Committee and any other senior
executives specified by the Committee from time to time, and (iv) all other Group employees whose total annual compensation exceeds an amount determined by the Committee from time to time (currently £2m)


◾   exercise oversight for remuneration issues.

The Committee considers
all aspects of the design and operation of remuneration policy to ensure a coherent approach is taken in respect of all employees. In discharging this responsibility the Committee seeks to ensure that the policy assesses, among other things, the
impact of pay arrangements on culture and all elements of risk management. The Committee also approves incentive pools for all major businesses and functions, reviews the design and provision of retirement benefits, and considers and approves
measures designed to promote the alignment of the interests of shareholders and employees. The Committee and its members work as necessary with other Board Committees, and is authorised to select and appoint its own advisers as required.


The Terms of Reference can be found at home.barclays/corporategovernance or from the Company Secretary on request.


Chairman and members

The
Chairman and members of the Committee are as follows:


◾   Crawford Gillies, Committee member since 1 May 2014 and Chairman since 24 April 2015


◾   Tim Breedon, Committee member since 1 December 2012


◾   Mary Francis, Committee member since 1 November 2016


◾   Dambisa Moyo, Committee member since 1 September 2015.

All
current members are considered independent by the Board.

Remuneration Committee attendance in 2017


Meetings attended/eligible to attend
Crawford Gillies   7/7
Tim Breedon   7/7
Mary Francis   7/7
Dambisa Moyo   7/7

The performance of the Committee is reviewed each year as part of the Board Effectiveness Review. The results of the
January 2018 review were positive and concluded that the Committee is composed of the right level of experience and skills. Full details of the Board Effectiveness Review can be found on page 36.


Advisers to the Remuneration Committee

Between February 2016 and September 2017, the Board Remuneration Committee did not engage an independent adviser.


PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) was appointed as the independent adviser to the Committee in October 2017. Prior to the appointment of KPMG as auditors
on 31 March 2017 (and formally approved at the 2017 AGM in May 2017), PwC was the Group’s external auditor. The Committee is satisfied that the advice provided by PwC to the Committee is independent and objective. PwC is a signatory to the
voluntary UK Code of Conduct for executive remuneration consultants.

Throughout 2017, Willis Towers Watson continued to provide the
Committee with market data on compensation when considering incentive levels and remuneration packages.

PwC and Willis Towers Watson
were paid £78,000 in aggregate (excluding VAT) in fees for their advice to the Committee in 2017 relating to the executive Directors (either exclusively or along with other employees within the Committee’s Terms of Reference).


In addition to advising the Committee, PwC provided unrelated consulting advice to the Group in respect of corporate taxation, climate-related
financial disclosures, data strategy, technology consulting and internal audit.

In the course of its deliberations, the Committee also
considers the views of the Group Chief Executive, the Group Human Resources Director and the Group Reward and Performance Director. The Group Finance Director and the Chief Risk Officer provide regular updates on Group and business financial
performance and risk profile respectively.

No Barclays’ employee or Director participates in discussions with, or decisions of, the
Committee relating to his or her own remuneration. No other advisers provided services to the Committee in the year.


72 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Remuneration Committee activities in 2017

The following provides a summary of the Committee’s activities during 2017 and at the January and February 2018 meetings at which 2017 remuneration decisions were finalised.


Meeting   Fixed and variable pay issues   Governance, risk and other
matters a
January 2017   ◾   2016 incentive funding proposals including risk adjustments
◾   2016 bonus proposals for senior executives
◾   Barclays deferral approach
February 2017   ◾   Approved executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2017 fixed pay   ◾   Approved 2016 Remuneration report
◾   Review of Committee effectiveness
◾   Approved 2017 executive Directors’ annual bonus performance measures
◾   Group fixed pay budgets for 2017
◾   Approved final 2016 incentive funding including risk adjustments
◾   Approved proposals for executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2016 bonuses and 2017-2019 LTIP awards for executive
Directors
April 2017   ◾   Consideration of whistleblowing event
May 2017   ◾   Non-executive Directors’ fees for subsidiary boards
July 2017   ◾   Incentive funding approach   ◾   Structural Reform update
◾   2017 ex ante risk adjustment methodology   ◾   Gender Pay Gap reporting
◾   Annual all employee share plans update
◾   Non-executive Directors’ fees for subsidiary boards
October 2017   ◾   2017 incentive funding projections including risk adjustments   ◾   US benefits arrangements
◾   Annual review of Group Chairman’s remuneration   ◾   BAGL – approach for 2017 pay round
December 2017   ◾   Initial considerations on executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2017 bonuses and 2018 fixed pay and bonus approach   ◾   Review of Committee activity, Terms of Reference and Control Framework
◾   2018 LTIP performance measures
◾   2017 incentive funding proposals including risk adjustments
◾   Approved changes to deferral plans
January 2018   ◾   2017 incentive funding proposals including risk adjustments   ◾   Non-executive Directors’ fees for subsidiary boards
◾   2017 bonus proposals for senior executives
February 2018   ◾   Approved executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2018 fixed pay   ◾   Approved 2017 Remuneration report
◾   Review of Committee effectiveness
◾   Approved 2018 executive Directors’ annual bonus performance measures
◾   Group fixed pay budgets for 2018
◾   Approved final 2017 incentive funding including risk adjustments
◾   Approved proposals for executive Directors’ and senior executives’ 2017 bonuses and 2018-2020 LTIP awards for executive
Directors

Note


a   The Committee is also provided with updates at each scheduled meeting on: regulatory and stakeholder matters, Finance and Risk, Remuneration Review Panel meetings, operation of the Committee’s
Control Framework on hiring, retention and termination, headcount and employee attrition, and extant LTIP performance.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 73


Governance: Remuneration report


Statement of shareholder voting at Annual General Meeting


The table below shows the voting result in respect of our remuneration arrangements at the AGM held on 10 May 2017:


For % of votes cast Number   Against % of votes cast Number   Withheld Number
Advisory vote on the 2016 Remuneration report   97.22%   2.78%
11,879,285,601   339,664,546   152,439,545
Binding vote on the Directors’ remuneration policy   97.91%   2.09%
12,062,616,141   257,416,828   51,369,054

At the AGM held on 24 April 2014, shareholders of Barclays PLC voted 96.02% (10,364,453,159 votes) for the
resolution in respect of a fixed to variable remuneration ratio of 1:2 for ‘Remuneration Code Staff’ (now known as MRTs). On 14 December 2017, the Board of Barclays PLC as shareholder of Barclays Bank PLC approved the resolution that
Barclays Bank PLC and any of its current and future subsidiaries be authorised to apply a ratio of the fixed to variable components of total remuneration that exceeds 1:1, provided the ratio does not exceed 1:2.


74 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Contents


The management of risk is a critical
underpinning to the execution of Barclays’ strategy. The material risks and uncertainties the Group faces across its business and portfolios are key areas of management focus.
For a more detailed breakdown of our Risk Management approach please see pages 301 to 361.


Risk management   Annual Report
Overview of Barclays’ approach to risk   ◾ Enterprise
Risk Management Framework (ERMF)   77
management. A detailed overview together   ◾ Principal
Risks   77
with more specific information on policies   ◾ Risk
Appetite for the Principal Risks   77
that the Group determines to be of particular   ◾ Roles and
responsibilities in the management of risk   77
significance in the current operating   ◾ Barclays’
 Risk Culture   78
environment can be found in Barclays PLC
Pillar 3 Report 2017 or at Barclays.com.
Material existing and emerging risks
Insight into the level of risk across our business and portfolios, the material existing and emerging risks and uncertainties we face and the key areas of management focus.   ◾ Material
existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one Principal Risk   79
◾ Credit
risk   81
◾ Market
risk   81
◾ Treasury and
capital risk   82
◾ Operational
risk   82
◾ Model
risk   83
◾ Conduct
risk   83
◾ Reputation
risk   84
◾ Legal risk and legal, competition and regulatory matters   84
Principal Risk management
Barclays’ approach to risk management for   ◾ Credit risk
management   85
each Principal Risk with focus on   ◾ Management
of credit risk mitigation techniques and counterparty credit risk   326
organisation and structure and roles and   ◾ Market risk
management   87
responsibilities.   ◾ Management
of securitisation exposures   338
◾ Treasury and
capital risk management   88
◾ Operational
risk management   90
◾ Model risk
management   92
◾ Conduct risk
management   93
◾ Reputation
risk management   94
◾ Legal risk management   95
Risk performance
Credit risk: The risk of loss to the firm from   ◾ Credit risk
overview and summary of performance   97
the failure of clients, customers or   ◾ Analysis of
the balance sheet   97
counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.   ◾ The
Group’s maximum exposure and collateral and other credit enhancements held   98
◾ The
Group’s approach to management and representation of credit quality   100
◾ Analysis of
the concentration of credit risk   102
◾ Loans and
advances to customers and banks   105
◾ Analysis of
specific portfolios and asset types   106
◾ Analysis of
problem loans   109
◾ Impairment   114
◾ Analysis of
debt securities   115
◾ Analysis of derivatives   115
Market risk: The risk of a loss arising from   ◾ Market risk
overview and summary of performance   118
potential adverse changes in the value of the   ◾ Balance
sheet view of trading and banking books   119
firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation in   ◾ Traded
Market risk   120
market variables including, but not limited to,   ◾ Review of
regulatory measures   121
interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 75


Risk review

Contents


Risk performance continued   Annual Report
Treasury and capital risk – Liquidity: The   ◾ Liquidity
risk overview and summary of performance   124
risk that the firm is unable to meet its   ◾ Liquidity
risk stress testing   124
contractual or contingent obligations or that   ◾ Liquidity
pool   126
it does not have the appropriate amount,   ◾ Funding
structure and funding relationships   127
tenor and composition of funding and   ◾ Encumbrance   129
liquidity to support its assets.   ◾ Credit
ratings   132
◾ Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities   133
Treasury and capital risk – Capital: The risk   ◾ Capital risk
overview and summary of performance   137
that the firm has an insufficient level or   ◾ Regulatory
minimum capital and leverage requirements   138
composition of capital to support its normal   ◾ Analysis of
capital resources   139
business activities and to meet its regulatory   ◾ Analysis of
risk weighted assets   141
capital requirements under normal operating   ◾ Analysis of
leverage ratio and exposures   142
environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans.   ◾ Foreign
exchange risk   143
◾ Pension risk
review   144
◾ Minimum
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities   145
Treasury and capital risk – Interest rate risk   ◾ Interest
rate risk in the banking book overview and summary of performance   146
in the banking book The risk that the firm is   ◾ Net interest
income sensitivity   147
exposed to capital or income volatility   ◾ Economic
capital by business unit   147
because of a mismatch between the interest   ◾ Analysis of
equity sensitivity   148
rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and   ◾ Volatility
of the available for sale portfolio in the liquidity pool   148
liabilities.
Operational risk: The risk of loss to the firm   ◾ Operational
risk overview and summary of performance   149
from inadequate or failed processes or   ◾ Operational
risk profile   150
systems, human factors or due to external events (for example fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.
Model risk: The risk of the potential adverse   ◾ Model risk
overview and summary of performance   151
consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports.
Conduct risk: The risk of detriment to   ◾ Conduct risk
overview and summary of performance   152
customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent
misconduct.
Reputation risk: The risk that an action,   ◾ Reputation
risk overview and summary of performance   153
transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the
public.
Legal risk: The risk of loss or imposition of   ◾ Legal risk
overview and summary of performance   154
penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements.
Supervision and regulation: The Group’s   ◾ Supervision
of the Group   155
operations, including its overseas offices,   ◾ Global
regulatory developments   156
subsidiaries and associates, are subject to a   ◾ Financial
regulatory framework   157
significant body of rules and regulations.   ◾ Structural reform   162


76 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk management

Barclays’ risk management strategy


Introduction


Barclays engages in activities which entail risk taking, every day, throughout its business. This section introduces these risks, and outlines key
governance arrangements for managing them. These include roles and responsibilities, frameworks, policies and standards, assurance and lessons learned processes. The Group’s approach to fostering a strong Risk Culture is also described.


Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF)


The ERMF sets the strategic direction for risk management by defining standards, objectives and responsibilities for all areas of Barclays. It
supports the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) in embedding effective risk management and a strong Risk Culture.

The ERMF sets out:


◾   Principal Risks faced by the Group


◾   Risk Appetite requirements


◾   Roles and responsibilities for risk management


◾   Risk Committee structure.

Principal Risks


The ERMF identifies eight Principal Risks and sets out associated responsibilities and risk management standards.


Risk appetite for the Principal Risks


Risk Appetite is defined as the level of risk which the Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities. The Risk Appetite of the Group
specifies the level of risk we are willing to take and why, to enable specific risk taking activities.

Risk Appetite is approved and
disseminated across legal entities and businesses, including by use of Mandate and Scale limits to enable and control specific activities that have material concentration risk implications for the Group.


Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk

The Three Lines of Defence

All colleagues are responsible for understanding and managing risks within the
context of their individual roles and responsibilities, as set out in the “Three Lines of Defence”.

First Line of Defence


The First Line comprises all employees engaged in the revenue generating and client facing areas of the Group and all associated
support functions, including Finance, Treasury, Human Resources and the Chief Operating Officer (COO) function. Employees in the First Line are responsible for:


◾   identifying all the risks and developing appropriate policies, standards and controls to govern their activities


◾   operating within any and all limits which the Risk and Compliance functions establish in connection with the Risk Appetite of the Group


◾   escalating risk events to senior managers in Risk and Compliance.


Second Line of Defence


Employees of Risk and Compliance comprise the Second Line of Defence. The role of the Second Line is to establish the limits, rules and constraints
under which First Line activities shall be performed, consistent with the Risk appetite of the Group, and to monitor the performance of the First Line against these limits and constraints.


Third Line of Defence


Employees of Internal Audit comprise the Third Line of Defence. They provide independent assurance to the Board and Executive Management over the
effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over current, systemic and evolving risks.

The Legal function does not sit in
any of the three lines, but supports them all. The Legal function is, however, subject to oversight from Risk and Compliance, with respect to operational and conduct risks.


Risk Committees

Business
Risk Committees consider Risk matters relevant to their business, and escalate as required to the Group Risk Committee (GRC), whose Chairman in turn escalates to Board Committees and the Board.


There are three Board-level forums which oversee the application of the ERMF and review and monitor risk across the Group. These are: the Board Risk
Committee, the Board Audit Committee, and the Board Reputation Committee. Additionally, the Board Remuneration Committee oversees pay practices focusing on aligning pay to sustainable performance. Finally, the main Board of Barclays receives regular
information on the risk profile of the Group, and has ultimate responsibility for risk appetite and capital plans.

The Chairman of each
Committee prepares a statement each year on the Committee’s activities, which are included in this report on pages 3 to 37.

The
Board

One of the Board’s (Board of Directors of Barclays Bank PLC) responsibilities is the approval of Risk Appetite (see page
126 of the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017). The Group CRO regularly presents a report to the Board summarising developments in the risk environment and performance trends in the key portfolios. The Board is also responsible for the ERMF.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 77


Risk review

Risk management

Barclays’ risk management strategy


The Board Risk Committee (BRC)


The BRC monitors the Group’s risk profile against the agreed financial appetite. Where actual performance differs from expectations, the
actions taken by management are reviewed to verify that the BRC is comfortable with them. After each meeting, the Chairman of the BRC prepares a report for the next meeting of the Board. All members are independent non-executive directors. The Group
Finance Director (GFD) and the Group CRO attend each meeting as a matter of course.

The BRC also considers the Group’s Risk
Appetite statement for operational risk and evaluates the Group’s operational risk profile and operational risk monitoring.

The
BRC receives regular and comprehensive reports on risk methodologies, the effectiveness of the risk management framework, and the Group’s risk profile, including the key issues affecting each business portfolio and forward risk trends. The
Committee also commissions in-depth analyses of significant risk topics, which are presented by the Group CRO or senior risk managers in the businesses.

The Board Audit Committee (BAC)

The BAC receives regular reports on the effectiveness of internal control
systems, quarterly reports on material control issues of significance, and quarterly papers on accounting judgements (including impairment). It also receives a half-yearly review of the adequacy of impairment allowances, which it reviews relative to
the risk inherent in the portfolios, the business environment, the Group’s policies and methodologies. The Chairman of the BAC also sits on the BRC.

The Board Reputation Committee (RepCo)

The RepCo reviews management’s recommendations on conduct and
reputation risk and the effectiveness of the processes by which the Group identifies and manages these risks. It also reviews and monitors the effectiveness of Barclays’ citizenship strategy, including the management of Barclays’ economic,
social and environmental contribution.


The Board Remuneration Committee (RemCo)


The RemCo receives a detailed report on risk management performance and risk profile, and proposals on ex-ante and ex-post risk adjustments to
variable remuneration. These inputs are considered in the setting of performance incentives.

Summaries of the relevant skills,
experience and background of the Directors of the Board are presented in the Board of Directors section on pages 5 to 6. The terms of reference and additional details on membership and activities for each of the principal Board Committees are
available from the Corporate Governance section of Barclays’ website at:
home.barclays/about-barclays/barclays-corporate-governance.html
.

Barclays’ Risk Culture


Risk Culture can be defined as “norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk taking and risk management”. At Barclays
this is reflected in how we identify, escalate and manage risk matters.

Our Code of
Conduct – the Barclays Way
 Globally, all colleagues must attest to the “Barclays Way”, our Code of Conduct, and all frameworks, policies and standards applicable to their roles. The Code of Conduct outlines the Purpose and
Values which govern our Barclays Way of working across our business globally. It constitutes a reference point covering all aspects of colleagues’ working relationships, specifically (but not exclusively) with other Barclays employees,
customers and clients, governments and regulators, business partners, suppliers, competitors and the broader community.

Embedding of
a values-based, conduct culture

The Group Executive Committee reconfirmed Conduct, Culture and Values as one of its execution
priorities for 2017 with the aim of embedding the cultural measurement tool developed in 2016. The effectiveness of the Risk and Control environment, for which all colleagues are responsible, depends on the continued embedment of strong values.
Please see the Board Reputation Committee report on pages 27 to 32 for further details.


Induction programmes support new colleagues in understanding how risk management culture and
practices support how the Group does business and the link to Barclays’ values. The Leadership Curriculum covers the building, sustaining and supporting of a trustworthy organisation and is offered to colleagues globally.


Other Risk Culture drivers


In addition to values and conduct, we consider the following determinants of Risk Culture:


◾   Management and governance: This means a consistent tone from the top and clear responsibilities to enable identification and challenge.


◾   Motivation and incentives: The right behaviours are rewarded and modelled.


◾   Competence and effectiveness: This means that colleagues are enabled to identify, co-ordinate, escalate and address risk and control matters.


◾   Integrity: Colleagues are willing to meet their risk management responsibilities; colleagues escalate issues on a timely basis.


78 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Material existing and emerging risks


Material existing and emerging risks to the Group’s future performance


Material risks are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause the delivery of the Group’s strategy,
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects to differ materially from current expectations.

Emerging risks are those
that have largely unknown components, the impact of which could crystallise over a longer time horizon. These could currently be considered immaterial but over time may individually or cumulatively affect the Group’s strategy and cause the same
outcomes as detailed above regarding material risks. In addition, certain factors beyond the Group’s control, including escalation of terrorism or global conflicts, natural disasters and similar calamities, although not detailed below, could
have a similar impact on the Group.

The risks described below are material risks that senior management has identified with respect to
the Group, which is defined as Barclays PLC and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the Barclays Bank PLC Group). In connection with the planned implementation in the first half of 2018 of ring-fencing certain of the Group’s UK businesses,
Barclays Bank PLC will transfer what are materially the assets and business of the Barclays UK division to another subsidiary of the Group, Barclays Bank UK PLC. Senior management expects that upon this transfer, the material risks with respect to
the Barclays Bank PLC Group will be the same in all material respects as those risks with respect to the Group. For more information on certain risks senior management has identified with respect to the Barclays Bank PLC Group, see v) Certain
potential consequences of ring-fencing to Barclays Bank PLC.

Material existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one
Principal Risk

i) Business conditions, general economy and geopolitical issues


The Group offers a broad range of services, including to retail, institutional and government customers, in a large number of countries. The breadth
of these operations means that deterioration in the economic environment, or an increase in political instability in countries where the Group is active, or in any systemically important economy, could adversely affect the Group’s operating
performance, financial condition and prospects.

Although economic activity continued to strengthen globally in 2017 a change in global
economic conditions and the reversal of the improving trend may result in lower client activity of the Group and/or an increase of the Group’s default rates, delinquencies, write-offs, and impairment charges, which in turn could adversely
affect the Group’s performance and prospects.


In several countries, reversals of capital inflows, as well as fiscal austerity, have already caused
deterioration in political stability. This could be exacerbated by a renewed rise in asset price volatility or sustained pressure on government finances. In addition, geopolitical tensions in some areas of the world, such as the Korean Peninsula,
the Middle East and Eastern Europe, are already acute and at risk of further deterioration, thus potentially increasing market uncertainties and adverse global economic and market conditions.


In the US, there is uncertainty around the policy platform of the administration which took office in 2017. There is the possibility of significant
changes in policy in sectors including trade, healthcare and commodities which may have an impact on associated Barclays portfolios. A significant proportion of the Group’s portfolio is located in the US, including a major credit card portfolio
and a range of corporate and investment banking exposures. Stress in the US economy, weakening GDP, an unexpected rise in unemployment and/or an increase in interest rates could lead to increased levels of impairment.


Most major central banks have indicated that they expect prevailing loose monetary policies to tighten. Should ‘normalisation’ paths
diverge substantially, flows of capital between countries could alter significantly, placing segments with sizeable foreign currency liabilities, in particular emerging markets, under pressure. In addition, possible divergence of monetary policies
between major advanced economies risks triggering further financial market volatility (see also ii) Interest rate rises adversely impacting credit conditions, below).


In the UK, the vote in favour of leaving the EU (see iii) Process of UK withdrawal from the European Union, below) has given rise to political
uncertainty with attendant consequences for investment and market confidence. The initial impact was a depreciation of Sterling resulting in higher costs for companies exposed to imports and a more favourable environment for exporters. Rising
domestic costs resulting from higher import prices may impact household incomes and the affordability of consumer loans and mortgages. In turn this may affect businesses dependent on consumers for revenue. There has also been a reduction in activity
in both commercial and residential real estate markets which has the potential to impact value of real estate assets and adversely affect mortgage assets.

Sentiment towards emerging markets as a whole continues to be driven in large part by developments in China, where there is some concern around the ability of authorities to manage growth while transitioning from manufacturing
towards services. Although the Chinese government’s efforts to stably increase the weight of domestic demand have had some success, the pace of credit growth remains a concern, given the high level of leverage and despite regulatory action. A
stronger than expected slowdown could result if authorities fail to appropriately manage the end of the investment and credit-led boom.


Deterioration in emerging markets could affect the Group if it results in higher impairment charges
for the Group via sovereign or counterparty defaults.

More broadly, a deterioration of conditions in the key markets where the Group
operates could affect performance in a number of ways including, for example: (i) deteriorating business, consumer or investor confidence leading to reduced levels of client activity, including demand for borrowing from creditworthy customers,
or indirectly, a material adverse impact on GDP growth in significant markets and therefore on Group performance; (ii) higher levels of default rates and impairment; (iii) mark to market losses in trading portfolios resulting from changes
in factors such as credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties (iv) reduced ability to obtain capital from other financial institutions for the Group operations; and (v) lower levels of fixed asset investment and
productivity growth overall.

ii) Interest rate rises adversely impacting credit conditions


To the extent that central banks increase interest rates particularly in the Group’s main markets, in the UK and the US, there could be an
impact on consumer debt affordability and corporate profitability.

While interest rate rises could positively impact the Group’s
profitability, as retail and corporate business income may increase due to margin de-compression, future interest rate increases, if larger or more frequent than expectations, could cause stress in the loan portfolio and underwriting activity of the
Group. Higher credit losses driving an increased impairment allowance would most notably impact retail unsecured portfolios and wholesale non-investment grade lending.


Interest rates rising faster than expected could also have an adverse impact on the value of high quality liquid assets which are part of the Group
Treasury function’s investment activity that could consequently create more volatility through the Group’s available for sale reserves than expected.


iii) Process of UK withdrawal from the European Union


The uncertainty and increased market volatility following the UK’s decision to leave the EU in 2019 is likely to continue until the exact
nature of the future trading relationship with the EU becomes clear. The potential risks associated with an exit from the EU include:


◾   Increased market risk with the impact on value of trading book positions, mainly in Barclays International, expected to be driven predominantly by currency and interest rate volatility.


◾   Potential for credit spread widening for UK institutions which could lead to reduced investor appetite for Barclays’ debt securities, which could negatively impact the cost of and/or access to
funding. Potential for continued market and interest rate volatility could affect the interest rate risk underlying, and potentially affect the value of, the assets in the banking book, as well as


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 79


Risk review

Material existing and emerging risks


securities held by Barclays for liquidity purposes.


◾   Changes in the long-term outlook for UK interest rates which may adversely affect IAS 19 pension liabilities and the market value of equity investments funding those liabilities.


◾   Increased risk of a UK recession with lower growth, higher unemployment and falling UK house prices. This would likely negatively impact a number of Barclays’ portfolios, particularly in
Barclays UK, notably: higher Loan-to-Value mortgages, UK unsecured lending including credit cards and Commercial Real Estate exposures.


◾   Changes to current EU “Passporting” rights which will likely require adjustments to the current model for the Group’s cross-border banking operation which could increase operational
complexity and/or costs.


◾   The ability to attract, or prevent the departure of, qualified and skilled employees may be impacted by the UK’s future approach to the EU freedom of movement and immigration from the EU
countries and this may impact Barclays’ access to the EU talent pool.


◾   The legal framework within which Barclays operates could change and become more uncertain as the UK takes steps to replace or repeal certain laws currently in force, which are based on EU
legislation and regulation (including EU regulation of the banking sector). Certainty of existing contracts, enforceability of legal obligations and uncertainty around the outcome of disputes may be affected until the impacts of the loss of the
current jurisdictional arrangements between UK and EU courts and the universal enforceability of judgements across the EU (including the status of existing EU case law) are fully known.


iv) Regulatory change agenda and impact on business model


The Group remains subject to ongoing significant levels of regulatory change and scrutiny in many of the countries in which it operates (including,
in particular, the UK and the US). As a result, regulatory risk will remain a focus for senior management and consume significant levels of business resources. Furthermore, a more intensive regulatory approach and enhanced requirements together with
the uncertainty (particularly in light of the UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU) and potential lack of international regulatory co-ordination as enhanced supervisory standards are developed and implemented may adversely affect the
Group’s business, capital and risk management strategies and/or may result in the Group deciding to modify its legal entity structure, capital and funding structures and business mix, or to exit certain business activities altogether or not to
expand in areas despite otherwise attractive potential.

The most significant of the regulatory reforms affecting the Group in 2018 is the
creation of the ring-fenced Bank under the Bank’s structural reform programme (for more on Structural Reform, see Supervision and Regulation on page 162).


The implementation of these changes involves a number of risks which include:


◾   The Group is restructuring its intra-group and external capital, funding and liquidity arrangements to meet regulatory requirements and support business needs. The changes will impact the sources
of funding available to the different entities including their respective ability to access the capital markets. These changes may affect funding costs.


◾   The changes to the Group structure may negatively impact the assessment made by credit rating agencies and creditors over time. The risk profile and key risk drivers of the ring-fenced bank and the
non ring-fenced bank will be specific to the activities and risk profile of each entity. As a result, different Group entities such as Barclays Bank PLC may also be assessed differently in future which could result in differences in credit ratings.
Changes to the credit assessment at the Group or individual entity level, including the potential for ratings downgrades and ratings differences across entities, could impact access and cost of certain sources of funding.


◾   Implementation of ring-fencing introduces a number of execution risks. Technology change could result in outages or operational errors. Legal challenge to the ring-fence transfer scheme may delay
the transfer of assets and liabilities to the ring-fenced bank. Delayed delivery could increase reputational risk or result in regulatory non-compliance.


◾   There is a risk that Barclays does not meet regulatory requirements across the new structure. Failure to meet these requirements may have an adverse impact on the Group’s profitability,
operating flexibility, flexibility of deployment of capital and funding, return on equity, ability to pay dividends, credit ratings, and/or financial condition.


In addition to Structural Reform there are several other significant pieces of legislation/areas of focus which will require significant management
attention, cost and resource:


◾   Changes in prudential requirements, including the proposals for amendment of the CRD IV and the BRRD (as part of the EU’s risk reduction measures package) may impact minimum requirements for
own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) (including requirements for internal MREL), leverage, liquidity or funding requirements, applicable buffers and/or add-ons to such minimum requirements and risk weighted assets calculation methodologies all
as may be set by international, EU or national authorities from time to time. Such or similar changes to prudential requirements or additional supervisory and prudential expectations, either individually or in aggregate, may result in, among other
things, a need for further management actions to meet the changed requirements, such as: increasing capital, MREL or liquidity resources, reducing leverage and risk weighted assets; restricting distributions on capital instruments; modifying the
terms of outstanding capital instruments; modifying legal entity structure


(including with regard to issuance and deployment of capital, MREL and funding for the Group); changing the Group’s business mix or exiting other businesses; and/or undertaking other actions
to strengthen the Group’s position. (See Treasury and capital risk on pages 122 to 148 and Supervision and Regulation on pages 158 to 159 for more information).


◾   The derivatives market has been the subject of particular focus for regulators in recent years across the G20 countries and beyond, with regulations introduced which require the reporting and
clearing of standardised over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives and the mandatory margining of non-cleared OTC derivatives. Reforms in this area are ongoing with further requirements expected to be implemented in the course of 2018. More broadly, the
recast Markets in Financial Instruments Directive in Europe (MiFID II), which came into force in January 2018, has fundamentally changed the European regulatory framework, and entails significant operational changes for market participants in a wide
range of financial instruments as well as changes in market structures and practices. In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation which also came into force in January 2018 regulates the administration and use of benchmarks in the EU. Compliance with
this evolving regulatory framework entails significant costs for market participants and is having a significant impact on certain markets in which the Group, notably Barclays International, operates. Other regulations applicable to swap dealers,
including those promulgated by the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, have imposed significant costs on the Group’s derivatives business. These and any future requirements, including the US SEC’s regulations relating to
security-based swaps and the possibility of overlapping and/or contradictory requirements imposed on derivative transactions by regulators in different jurisdictions, are expected to continue to impact such business.


◾   The Group and certain of its members are subject to supervisory stress testing exercises in a number of jurisdictions. These exercises currently include the programmes of the BoE, the EBA, the FDIC
and the FRB. These exercises are designed to assess the resilience of banks to adverse economic or financial developments and enforce robust, forward-looking capital and liquidity management processes that account for the risks associated with their
business profile. Assessment by regulators is on both a quantitative and qualitative basis, the latter focusing on the Group’s or certain of its members’ business model, data provision, stress testing capability and internal management
processes and controls. The stress testing requirements to which the Group and its members are subject are becoming increasingly stringent. Failure to meet requirements of regulatory stress tests, or the failure by regulators to approve the stress
test results and capital plans of the Group, could result in the Group being


80 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


required to enhance its capital position, limit capital distributions or position additional capital in specific subsidiaries. For more information on stress testing, please see Supervision and Regulation on
page 158.


◾   The introduction and implementation of both PSD2 and the Open API standards and data sharing remedy imposed by the UK Competition and Markets Authority following its Retail Banking Market
Investigation Order (together “Open Banking”) from January 2018 is anticipated to transform the traditional UK banking model and conventional relationship between a customer and their bank. It will do this by providing customers with the
ability to share their transactional data with authorised third party service providers either for aggregation or payment services. It is anticipated that these aggregation or payment services will be offered by third parties to Barclays customers.
Members of the Barclays Group will be able to offer these same services to customers of other banks. A failure to comply with Open Banking requirements could expose Barclays to regulatory sanction, potential financial loss and reputational
detriment. While Open Banking will affect the Group as a whole, the impact is likely to be particularly relevant for Barclays UK.

v) Certain potential consequences of ring-fencing to Barclays Bank PLC

In connection with the planned
implementation in the first half of 2018 of ring fencing certain of the Group’s businesses, Barclays Bank PLC will transfer what are materially the assets and business of the Barclays UK division to another subsidiary of the Group, Barclays
Bank UK PLC. Senior management expects that upon this transfer, the material risks with respect to the Barclays Bank PLC Group will be the same in all material respects as those risks with respect to the Group. However, senior management has
identified certain potential differences in risks with respect to the Barclays Bank PLC Group as compared to risks to the Group.

The
transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Barclays UK division from Barclays Bank PLC will mean that the Barclays Bank PLC Group will be less diversified than the Group as a whole. Barclays Bank PLC will not be the parent of Barclays Bank UK PLC
and thus will not have recourse to the assets of Barclays Bank UK PLC. Relative to the Group, the Barclays Bank PLC Group will be, among other things:


◾   more focused on businesses outside the UK, particularly in the US, and thus more exposed to the US economy and more affected by movements in the US dollar (and other non-sterling currencies)
relative to sterling, with a relatively larger portion of its business exposed to US regulation;


◾   more focused on wholesale businesses, such as corporate and investment banking and capital markets, which expose Barclays Bank PLC Group to a broader range of market conditions and to counterparty
and operational risks and thus the financial performance of Barclays Bank PLC may be subject to greater fluctuations relative to that


of the Group as a whole or that of the ring-fenced bank;


◾   more dependent on wholesale funding sources, as the UK retail deposit base will be transferred to the ring-fenced bank. The UK retail mortgage assets will also be transferred to the ring-fenced
bank, which reduces Barclays Bank PLC’s access to funding sources reliant on residential mortgage collateral. The Barclays Bank PLC Group may therefore experience more difficult financing conditions and/or higher costs of funding including in
situations of stress. As a result of the implementation of ring-fencing, different Group entities, such as Barclays Bank PLC, may be assessed differently by credit rating agencies, which may result in different, and possibly more negative,
assessments of Barclays Bank PLC’s credit and thus in lower credit ratings than the credit ratings of the Group, which in turn could adversely affect the sources and costs of funding for Barclays Bank PLC; and


◾   potentially subject to different regulatory obligations, including different liquidity requirements and capital buffers.


As a result of any or all of the foregoing, implementation of ring-fencing may adversely affect the market value and/or liquidity of securities
issued by Barclays Bank PLC.

Material existing and emerging risks impacting individual Principal Risks


i) Credit risk

a)
Impairment

The introduction of the impairment requirements of
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments,
 implemented on 1 January
2018, results in higher impairment loss allowances that are recognised earlier, on a more forward looking basis and on a broader scope of financial instruments than is the case under IAS 39 and, as a result, will have a material impact on the
Group’s financial condition. Measurement involves increased complex judgement and impairment charges will tend to be more volatile. Unsecured products with longer expected lives, such as revolving credit cards, are the most impacted. The
capital treatment on the increased reserves has the potential to adversely impact regulatory capital ratios. In addition, the move from incurred to expected credit losses has the potential to impact the Group’s performance under stressed
economic conditions or regulatory stress tests. For more information please refer to Note 1 on pages 195 to 200.

b) Specific sectors


The Group is subject to risks arising from changes in credit quality and recovery rate of loans and advances due from borrowers and
counterparties in a specific portfolio. Any deterioration in credit quality could lead to lower recoverability and higher impairment in a specific sector. The following are areas of uncertainties to the Group’s portfolio which could have a
material impact on performance.


◾   UK real estate market. With UK property representing a significant portion of the overall UK Corporate and Retail credit exposure, the Group is at risk from a fall in property prices in both
the residential and commercial sectors in the UK.

Strong house price growth in London and the South East of the UK,
fuelled by foreign investment, strong buy-to-let (BTL) demand and subdued housing supply, has resulted in affordability metrics becoming stretched. Average house prices as at the end of 2017 were more than 5.6 times average earnings.


◾   Large single name losses. The Group has large individual exposures to single name counterparties both in its lending activities and in its financial services and trading activities,
including transactions in derivatives and transactions with brokers, central clearing houses, dealers, other banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. The default of such counterparties could have a significant impact on the
carrying value of these assets. In addition, where such counterparty risk has been mitigated by taking collateral, credit risk may remain high if the collateral held cannot be realised, or has to be liquidated at prices which are insufficient to
recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. Any such defaults could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results due to, for example, increased credit losses and higher impairment charges.


◾   Leverage finance underwriting. The Group takes on sub-investment grade underwriting exposure, including single name risk, particularly in the US and Europe. The Group is exposed to credit
events and market volatility during the underwriting period. Any adverse events during this period may potentially result in loss for the Group, mainly through Barclays International, or an increased capital requirement should there be a need to
hold the exposure for an extended period.

ii) Market risk


Market volatility

Elevated
market volatility, which can be triggered and/or aggravated by disappointment in economic data, divergent monetary policies, political uncertainty or conflicts, would likely entail a significant deflation of assets which in turn may put under strain
counterparties and have knock-on effects on the bank.

In addition, the Group’s trading business is generally exposed to a prolonged
period of elevated asset price volatility, particularly if it negatively affects the depth of marketplace liquidity. Such a scenario could impact the Group’s ability to execute client trades and may also result in lower client flow-driven
income and/or market-based losses on its existing portfolio of market risks. These can include having to absorb higher hedging costs from rebalancing risks that need to be managed dynamically as market levels and their associated volatilities
change.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 81


Risk review

Material existing and emerging risks


iii) Treasury and capital risk


The Group may not be able to achieve its business plans due to, among other things: a) being unable to maintain appropriate capital ratios; b) being
unable to meet its obligations as they fall due; c) rating agency downgrades; d) adverse changes in foreign exchange rates on capital ratios; e) adverse movements in the pension fund; f) non-traded market risk/interest rate risk in the banking book.


a) Inability to maintain prudential ratios and other regulatory requirements


Inability to maintain appropriate prudential ratios could lead to: an inability to support business activity; a failure to meet regulatory capital
requirements including any additional capital add-ons or the requirements set for regulatory stress tests; increased cost of funding due to deterioration in investor appetite or credit ratings; restrictions on distributions including the ability to
meet dividend targets; and/or the need to take additional measures to strengthen the Group’s capital or leverage position.

b)
Inability to manage liquidity and funding risk effectively

Inability to manage liquidity and funding risk effectively may result in
the Group either not having sufficient financial resources to meet its payment obligations as they fall due or, although solvent, only being able to meet these obligations at excessive cost. This could cause the Group to fail to meet regulatory
liquidity standards, be unable to support day-to-day banking activities (including meeting deposit withdrawals or funding new loans) or no longer be a going concern.


The stability of the Group’s current funding profile, in particular that part which is based on accounts and savings deposits payable on demand
or at short notice, could be affected by the Group failing to preserve the current level of customer and investor confidence. The Group also regularly accesses the capital markets to provide long-term funding to support its operations. Several
factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, adverse outcomes in legal, regulatory or conduct matters and loss of confidence by investors, counterparties and/ or customers in the Group, can affect the ability of the Group to access the
capital markets and/ or the cost and other terms upon which the Group is able to obtain market funding.

c) Credit rating changes and
the impact on funding costs

Any potential or actual credit rating agency downgrades could significantly increase the Group’s
borrowing costs, credit spreads and materially adversely affect the Group’s interest margins and liquidity position which may, as a result, significantly diverge from current expectations. Such adverse changes would also have a negative impact
on the Group’s overall performance.

d) Adverse changes in FX rates impacting capital ratios


The Group has capital resources, risk weighted assets and leverage exposures denominated in


foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact the Sterling
equivalent value of these items. As a result, the Group’s regulatory capital ratios are sensitive to foreign currency movements, and any failure to appropriately manage the Group’s balance sheet to take account of foreign currency
movements could result in an adverse impact on regulatory capital and leverage ratios.

e) Adverse movements in the pension fund


Adverse movements in pension assets and liabilities for defined benefit pension schemes could result in a pension deficit which,
depending on the specific circumstance, may require the Group to make substantial additional contributions to its pension plans. The liabilities discount rate is a key driver and, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IAS
19), is derived from the yields of high quality corporate bonds (deemed to be those with AA ratings) and consequently includes exposure to both UK sovereign gilt yields and corporate credit spreads.


Therefore, the valuation of the Group’s defined benefits schemes would be adversely affected by a prolonged fall in the discount rate due to a
persistent low rate and/or credit spread environment. Inflation is another significant risk driver to the pension fund, as the liabilities are adversely impacted by an increase in long-term inflation expectations.


f) Non-traded market risk/interest rate risk in the banking book


A liquidity buffer investment return shortfall could increase the Bank’s cost of funds and impact the capital ratios. The Bank’s
structural hedge programmes for interest rate risk in the banking book rely heavily on behavioural assumptions, as a result, the success of the hedging strategy is not guaranteed. A potential mismatch in the balance or duration of the hedge
assumptions could lead to earnings deterioration.

iv) Operational risk


a) Cyber threat

The
frequency of cyber attacks continues to grow on an annual basis and is a global threat and is inherent across all industries, including the financial sector. As the financial sector remains a primary target for cyber criminals, 2017 saw a number of
highly publicised attacks involving ransomware, theft of intellectual property, customer data and service unavailability across a wide range of organisations.


The cyber threat increases the inherent risk to the availability of the Group’s services and to the Group’s data (whether it is held by
the Group or in its supply chain), to the integrity of financial transactions of the Group, its clients, counterparties and customers. Failure to adequately manage this threat and to continually evolve enterprise security and provide an active cyber
security response capability could result in increased fraud losses, inability to perform critical economic functions, customer detriment, potential regulatory


censure and penalty, legal liability, reduction in shareholder value and reputational damage.


b) Service resilience

Loss of or disruption to the Group’s business processing, whether arising through impacts on technology systems, real estate services, personnel availability or the support of major suppliers, represents a material inherent
risk theme for the Group.

Building resilience into business processes and into the services of technology, real estate and suppliers on
which those processes depend can reduce disruption to the Group’s business activities or avoid it altogether. Failure to do so may result in significant customer detriment, cost to reimburse losses incurred by our customers, potential
regulatory censure or penalty, and reputational damage.

c) Outsourcing


The Group depends on suppliers for the provision of many of its services and the development of future technology driven product propositions,
though the Group continues to be accountable for risk arising from the actions of such suppliers. Failure to monitor and control the Group’s suppliers could potentially lead to client information, or critical infrastructures and services, not
being adequately protected or available when required.

The dependency on suppliers and sub-contracting of outsourced services introduces
concentration risk where the failure of specific suppliers could have an impact on our ability to continue to provide services that are material to the Group, especially for those individual businesses within the Group to which many services are
provided centrally by the newly established Group Service Company.

Failure to adequately manage outsourcing risk through control
environments which remain robust to ever changing threats and challenges could result in increased losses, inability to perform critical economic functions, customer detriment, potential regulatory censure and penalty, legal liability and
reputational damage.

d) Operational precision and payments


The risk of material errors in operational processes, including payments, are exacerbated during the present period of significant levels of
structural and regulatory change, the evolving technology landscape, and a transition to digital channel capabilities.

Material
operational or payment errors could disadvantage the Group’s customers, clients or counterparties and could result in regulatory censure and penalties, legal liability, reputational damage and financial loss by the bank.


e) New and emergent technology

Technological advancements present opportunities to develop new and innovative ways of doing business across the Group, with new solutions being developed both in-house and in association with third party companies. Introducing new
forms of technology has the potential to increase inherent risk.


82 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Failure to closely monitor risk exposure could lead to customer detriment, loss of business,
regulatory censure, missed business opportunity and reputational damage.

f) Fraud


Fraud is a constantly evolving risk to the Group. This is exacerbated during periods of significant change, including the digitisation of products,
which carry higher levels of inherent risk. As the Group continues to invest in new and upgraded fraud systems, criminals continually adapt and become ever more sophisticated in their approach. Risks from social engineering and attempts to trick
customers into authorising payments also continue to grow and increasing regulatory focus is placing more responsibility on the industry to protect consumers.


In addition, internal fraud arising from areas such as failure of the Group’s trading controls could result in high profile material losses
together with regulatory censure / penalties and significant reputational damage.

g) Ability to hire and retain appropriately
qualified employees

The Group has resource requirements to support existing revenue streams, moves into new business models and to
deliver complex multi-year regulatory commitments and mandatory change. These commitments require diversified and specialist skilled colleagues and Barclays’ ability to attract, develop and retain such a diverse mix of talent is key to the
delivery of its core business activity and strategy. This is impacted by a range of external and internal factors. External regulation such as the introduction of the Individual Accountability Regime and the required deferral and clawback provisions
of our compensation arrangements may make Barclays a less attractive proposition relative to both our international competitors and other industries. Similarly, the impact of exit of the UK from the EU, in March 2019 (see Process of UK withdrawal
from the European Union on page 79), could potentially have a more immediate impact on our ability to hire and retain key employees.


Failure to attract or prevent the departure of appropriately qualified and skilled employees who are dedicated to overseeing and managing current
and future regulatory standards and expectations, or who have the necessary diversified skills required to deliver the Group strategy, could negatively impact our financial performance, control environment and level of employee engagement.
Additionally, this may result in disruption to service which could in turn lead to disenfranchising certain customer groups, customer detriment and reputational damage.


h) Tax risk

The Group is
required to comply with the domestic and international tax laws and practice of all countries in which it has business operations. There is a risk that the Group could suffer losses due to additional tax charges, other financial costs or
reputational damage as a result of failing to comply with such laws and


practice, or by failing to manage its tax affairs in an appropriate manner, with much of this risk
attributable to the international structure of the Group. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has introduced substantial changes to the US tax system, including the introduction of a new tax, the Base Erosion Anti-Abuse Tax. These changes have increased the
Group’s tax compliance obligations and require a number of system and process changes which introduce additional operational risk. In addition, increasing customer tax reporting requirements around the world and the digitisation of the
administration of tax has potential to increase the Group’s tax compliance burden further.

i) Critical accounting estimates and
judgements

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of estimates. It also requires
management to exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies. The key areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the consolidated and individual financial statements include
credit impairment charges for amortised cost assets, taxes, fair value of financial instruments, pensions and post-retirement benefits, and provisions including conduct and legal, competition and regulatory matters. There is a risk that if the
judgement exercised, or the estimates or assumptions used, subsequently turn out to be incorrect, this could result in significant loss to the Group, beyond what was anticipated or provided for.


The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS could also significantly impact the financial results, condition and prospects
of the Group.

j) Data management & information protection


The Group holds and processes large volumes of data, including personally identifiable information, intellectual property, and financial data.
Failure to accurately collect and maintain this data, protect it from breaches of confidentiality and interference with its availability exposes the Bank to the risk of loss or unavailability of data (including customer data covered under vi), c)
Data protection and privacy below), data integrity issues and could result in regulatory censure, legal liability and reputational damage.

v) Model risk

a)

Enhanced model risk management requirements


Barclays relies on models to support a broad range of business and risk management activities, including informing business decisions and
strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures (including the calculation of impairment), conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, supporting new business acceptance and risk/ reward evaluation, managing client assets, and
meeting reporting requirements.

Models are, by their nature, imperfect and incomplete representations of reality because they rely on
assumptions and inputs, and so


they may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their outputs. For instance, the quality of
the data used in models across Barclays has a material impact on the accuracy and completeness of our risk and financial metrics.

Models
may also be misused. Model errors or misuse may result in the Group making inappropriate business decisions and being subject to financial loss, regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting.


vi) Conduct risk

There is
the risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct. This risk could manifest itself in a variety of ways:


a) Product governance and life cycle

Ineffective product governance, including design, approval and review of products, inappropriate controls over internal and third party sales channels and post sales services could lead to poor customer outcomes, as well as
regulatory sanctions, financial loss and reputational damage.

b) Financial crime


The Group may be adversely affected if it fails to effectively mitigate the risk that its employees or third parties facilitate, or that its
products and services are used to facilitate financial crime (money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption and sanctions evasion). A major focus of US and UK government policy relating to financial institutions continues to be
combating money laundering and enforcing compliance with US and EU economic sanctions. The failure to comply with such regulations may result in enforcement actions by the regulators and in the imposition of severe penalties, with a consequential
impact on the Group’s reputation and financial results.

c) Data protection and privacy


Proper handling of personal data is critical to sustaining long-term relationships with our customers and clients and to meeting privacy laws and
obligations. Failure to protect personal data can lead to potential detriment to our customers and clients, reputational damage, regulatory sanctions and financial loss, which under the new EU Data Protection Regulation may be substantial.


d) Regulatory focus on culture and accountability


Regulators around the world continue to emphasise the importance of culture and personal accountability and the adoption and enforcement of adequate
internal reporting and whistleblowing procedures in helping to promote appropriate conduct and drive positive outcomes for customers, clients and markets. Failure to meet the requirements and expectations of the UK Senior Managers Regime,
Certification Regime and Conduct Rules may lead to regulatory sanctions, both for the individuals and the firm.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 83


Risk review

Material existing and emerging risks


vii) Reputation risk


a) Barclays’ association with sensitive sectors and its impact on reputation


A risk arising in one business area can have an adverse effect upon Barclays’ overall reputation; any one transaction, investment or event
that, in the perception of key stakeholders reduces their trust in the Group’s integrity and competence, has the potential to give rise to reputation risk for Barclays and may result in loss of business, regulatory censure and missed business
opportunity.

Barclays’ association with sensitive sectors is an area of concern for stakeholders and the following topics are of
regular interest:


◾   Disclosure of climate risks and opportunities, including the activities of certain sections of the client base. This is becoming the subject of increased scrutiny from regulators, NGOs and other
stakeholders.


◾   The risks of association with human rights violations through the perceived indirect involvement in human rights abuses committed by clients and customers.


◾   The manufacture and export of military and riot control goods and services by clients and customers.


viii) Legal risk and legal, competition and regulatory matters


Legal disputes, regulatory investigations, fines and other sanctions relating to conduct of business and breaches of legislation and/or regulations
may negatively affect the Group’s results, reputation and ability to conduct its business. Legal outcomes can arise as a consequence of legal risk or because of past and future actions, behaviours and business decisions as a result of other
Principal Risks.

The Group conducts diverse activities in a highly regulated global market and therefore is exposed to the risk of fines
and other sanctions relating to the conduct of its business. In recent years, authorities have increasingly investigated past practices, pursued alleged breaches and imposed heavy penalties on financial services firms. This trend is expected to
continue. A breach of applicable legislation and/or regulations could result in the Group or its staff being subject to criminal prosecution, regulatory censure, fines and other sanctions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, particularly in
the UK and the US. Where clients, customers or other third parties are harmed by the Group’s conduct, this may also give rise to legal proceedings, including class actions. Other legal disputes may also arise between the Group and third parties
relating to matters such as breaches, enforcement of legal rights or obligations arising under contracts, statutes or common law. Adverse findings in any such matters may result in the Group being liable to third parties seeking damages, or may
result in the Group’s rights not being enforced as intended.

Details of legal, competition and regulatory matters to which the
Group is currently exposed are set out in Note 29. In addition to matters specifically described in Note 29, the Group is engaged in various other legal proceedings in


the UK and US and a number of other overseas jurisdictions which arise in the ordinary course of
business. The Group is also subject to requests for information, investigations and other reviews by regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with business activities in which the Group is or has been engaged. The Group is
cooperating with the relevant authorities and keeping all relevant agencies briefed as appropriate in relation to these matters and others described in Note 29 on an ongoing basis.


The outcome of legal, competition and regulatory matters, both those to which the Group is currently exposed and any others which may arise in the
future, is difficult to predict. However, in connection with such matters the Group may incur significant expense, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and any such matters could expose the Group to any of the following outcomes: substantial monetary
damages, settlements and/or fines; remediation of affected customers and clients; other penalties and injunctive relief; additional litigation; criminal prosecution in certain circumstances; the loss of any existing agreed protection from
prosecution; regulatory restrictions on the Group’s business operations including the withdrawal of authorisations; increased regulatory compliance requirements; suspension of operations; public reprimands; loss of significant assets or
business; a negative effect on the Group’s reputation; loss of confidence by investors, counterparties, clients and or customers; risk of credit rating agency downgrades; potential negative impact on the availability and/or cost of funding and
liquidity; and/or dismissal or resignation of key individuals. In light of the uncertainties involved in legal, competition and regulatory matters, there can be no assurance that the outcome of a particular matter or matters will not be material to
the Group’s results of operations or cash flow for a particular period, depending on, among other things, the amount of the loss resulting from the matter(s) and the amount of income otherwise reported for the period.


In January 2017, Barclays PLC was sentenced to serve three years of probation from the date of the sentencing order in accordance with the terms of
its May 2015 plea agreement with the DOJ. During the term of probation Barclays PLC must, among other things, (i) commit no crime whatsoever in violation of the federal laws of the US, (ii) implement and continue to implement a compliance
program designed to prevent and detect the conduct that gave rise to the plea agreement and (iii) strengthen its compliance and internal controls as required by relevant regulatory or enforcement agencies. Potential consequences of breaching
the plea agreement include the imposition of additional terms and conditions on the Group, an extension of the agreement, or the criminal prosecution of Group entities, which could, in turn, entail further financial penalties and collateral
consequences and have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, operating results or financial position.

There is also a
risk that the outcome of any legal, competition or regulatory matters in


which the Group is involved may give rise to changes in law or regulation as part of a wider response
by relevant law makers and regulators. A decision in any matter, either against the Group or another financial institution facing similar claims, could lead to further claims against the Group.


84 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Credit risk management


Credit risk (audited)


The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to
fully honour their obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.


Overview

The credit risk that the Group faces arises mainly from wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative contracts with clients. Other sources of credit risk arise from
trading activities, including: debt securities, settlement balances with market counterparties, available for sale assets and reverse repurchase loans.

Credit risk management objectives are to:


◾   maintain a framework of controls to enable credit risk taking to be based on sound credit risk management principles;


◾   identify, assess and measure credit risk clearly and accurately across the Group and within each separate business, from the level of individual facilities up to the total portfolio;


◾   control and plan credit risk-taking in line with external stakeholder expectations and avoiding undesirable concentrations;


◾   monitor credit risk and adherence to agreed controls;


◾   enable risk-reward objectives to be met.

More information covering the
reporting of credit risk can be found in Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017.


Organisation and structure


Wholesale and retail portfolios are managed separately to reflect the differing nature of the assets; wholesale balances tend to be larger and are
managed on an individual basis, while retail balances are larger in number but smaller in value and are, therefore, managed on a homogeneous portfolio basis.

Credit risk management responsibilities have been structured so that decisions are taken as close as possible to the business, while enforcing robust review and challenge of performance, risk infrastructure and strategic plans. The
credit risk management teams in each business are accountable to the relevant Business CRO who, in turn, reports to the Group CRO.


Roles and responsibilities

The
responsibilities of the credit risk management teams in the businesses, the sanctioning team and other shared services include: sanctioning new credit agreements (principally wholesale); setting policies for approval of transactions (principally
retail); setting risk appetite; monitoring risk against limits and other parameters; maintaining robust processes, data gathering, quality, storage and reporting methods for effective credit risk management; performing effective turnaround and
workout scenarios for wholesale portfolios via dedicated restructuring and recoveries teams; maintaining robust collections and recovery processes/units for retail portfolios; and review and validation of credit risk measurement models.


For wholesale portfolios, credit risk approval is undertaken by experienced credit risk professionals
operating within a clearly defined delegated authority framework, with only the most senior credit officers entrusted with the higher levels of delegated authority. The largest credit exposures, which are outside the Risk Sanctioning Unit or Risk
Distribution Committee authority require the support of the Group Senior Credit Officers (GSCOs), the Group’s most senior credit risk sanctioners. For exposures in excess of the GSCOs’ authority, approval from the Group CRO is required. In
the wholesale portfolios, credit risk managers are organised in sanctioning teams by geography, industry and/or product.

The role of the
Central Risk function is to provide Group-wide direction, oversight and challenge of credit risk-taking. Central Risk sets the Credit Risk Control Framework, which provides the structure within which credit risk is managed, together with supporting
credit risk policies.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 85


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Credit risk management


Credit risk mitigation


The Group employs a range of techniques and strategies to actively mitigate credit risks. These can broadly be divided into three types:


◾   netting and set-off


◾   collateral


◾   risk transfer

Netting and set-off


In most jurisdictions in which the Group operates, credit risk exposures can be reduced by applying netting and set-off. In exposure terms, this
credit risk mitigation technique has the largest overall impact on net exposure to derivative transactions, compared with other risk mitigation techniques.

For derivative transactions, the Group’s normal practice is to enter into standard master agreements with counterparties (e.g. ISDAs). These master agreements typically allow for netting of credit risk exposure to a
counterparty resulting from derivative transactions against the obligations to the counterparty in the event of default, and so produce a lower net credit exposure. These agreements may also reduce settlement exposure (e.g. for foreign exchange
transactions) by allowing payments on the same day in the same currency to be set-off against one another.

Collateral


The Group has the ability to call on collateral in the event of default of the counterparty, comprising:


◾   home loans: a fixed charge over residential property in the form of houses, flats and other dwellings. The value of collateral is impacted by property market conditions which drive demand
and therefore value of the property. Other regulatory interventions on ability to repossess, longer period to repossession and granting of forbearance may also affect the collateral value.


◾   wholesale lending: a fixed charge over commercial property and other physical assets, in various forms.


◾   other retail lending: includes charges over motor vehicle and other physical assets; second lien charges over residential property, which are subordinate to first charges held either by the
Group or by another party; and finance lease receivables, for which typically the Group retains legal title to the leased asset and has the right to repossess the asset on the default of the borrower.


◾   derivatives: the Group also often seeks to enter into a margin agreement (e.g. Credit Support Annex) with counterparties with which the Group has master netting agreements in place. These
annexes to master agreements provide a mechanism for further reducing credit risk, whereby collateral (margin) is posted on a regular basis (typically daily) to collateralise the mark to market exposure of a derivative portfolio measured on a net
basis. The Group may additionally negotiate the receipt of an independent amount further mitigating risk by collateralising potential mark to market exposure moves.


◾   reverse repurchase agreements: collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities which have been legally transferred to the Group subject to an agreement to return them for a fixed
price.


◾   financial guarantees and similar off- balance sheet commitments: cash collateral may be held against these arrangements.


Risk transfer

A range of
instruments including guarantees, credit insurance, credit derivatives and securitisation can be used to transfer credit risk from one counterparty to another. These mitigate credit risk in two main ways:


◾   if the risk is transferred to a counterparty which is more creditworthy than the original counterparty, then overall credit risk is reduced


◾   where recourse to the first counterparty remains, both counterparties must default before a loss materialises. This is less likely than the default of either counterparty individually so credit
risk is reduced.

Detailed policies are in place to appropriately recognise and record credit risk mitigation and more
information can be found in the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017.


86 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review


Principal Risk management

Market
risk management


Market risk (audited)


The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation in
market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


Overview

Market risk arises primarily as a result of client facilitation in wholesale markets, involving market making activities, risk management solutions and execution of syndications. Upon execution of a trade with a client, the Group
will look to hedge against the risk of the trade moving in an adverse direction. Mismatches between client transactions and hedges result in market risk due to changes in asset prices.


Organisation and structure

Market
risk in the businesses resides primarily in Barclays International and Group Treasury. These businesses have the mandate to incur market risk. Market risk oversight and challenge is provided by business Committees and Group Committees, including the
Market Risk Committee.

Roles and responsibilities


The objectives of market risk management are to:


◾   understand and control market risk by robust measurement, limit setting, reporting and oversight


◾   facilitate business growth within a controlled and transparent risk management framework


◾   control market risk in the businesses according to the allocated appetite

To meet the above objectives, a well established governance structure is in place to manage these risks consistent with the ERMF. See page 77 on risk management strategy, governance and risk culture.


The BRC recommends market risk appetite to the Board for their approval. The Market Risk Principal
Risk Lead (PR Lead) is responsible for the Market Risk Control Framework and, under delegated authority from the Group CRO, agrees with the Business CROs a limit framework within the context of the approved market risk appetite.


The Market Risk Committee approves and makes recommendations concerning the Group-wide market risk profile. This includes overseeing the operation
of the Market Risk Framework and associated standards and policies; reviewing arising market or regulatory issues, limits and utilisation; and risk appetite levels to the Board. The Committee is chaired by the PR Lead and attendees include the
business heads of market risk, business aligned market risk managers and Internal Audit.

The head of each business is accountable for
all market risks associated with its activities, while the head of the market risk team covering each business is responsible for implementing the risk control framework for market risk.


More information on market risk management can be found in Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017.


Management Value at Risk


◾   estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, over one day for a given confidence level


◾   differs from the Regulatory value at risk (VaR) used for capital purposes in scope, confidence level and horizon


◾   backtesting is performed to test the model is fit for purpose.


VaR is an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements if the current
positions were to be held unchanged for one business day. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation methodology with a two-year equally weighted historical period, at the 95% confidence level is used for all trading books
and some banking books.

The Management VaR model in some instances may not appropriately measure some market risk exposures, especially
for market moves that are not directly observable via prices. Market risk managers are required to identify risks which are not adequately captured in VaR (‘risks not in VaR’ or ‘RNIVs’).


When reviewing VaR estimates, the following considerations are taken into account:


◾   the historical simulation uses the most recent two years of past data to generate possible future market moves, but the past may not be a good indicator of the future;


◾   the one-day time horizon may not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be closed out or hedged within one day;


◾   VaR is based on positions as at close of business and consequently, it is not an appropriate measure for intra-day risk arising from a position bought and sold on the same day;


◾   VaR does not indicate the potential loss beyond the VaR confidence level.

Limits are applied at the total level as well as by risk factor type, which are then cascaded down to particular trading desks and businesses by the market risk management function.


See page 120 for a review of management VaR in 2017.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 87


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Treasury and capital risk management


Treasury and capital risk


Liquidity risk
:


The risk that the firm is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets


Capital risk
:


The risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as
defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans


Interest rate risk in the banking book
:

The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities.


Overview

Barclays Treasury manages treasury and capital risk on a day-to-day basis with the Treasury Committee acting as the principal management body. To enforce effective oversight and segregation of duties and in line with the ERMF, the
Treasury and capital Risk function is responsible for oversight of key capital, liquidity, interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) and pension risk management activities. The following describes the structure and governance associated with
the risk types within the Treasury and capital Risk function.

Liquidity risk management (audited)


Overview

The efficient management
of liquidity is essential to the Group in retaining the confidence of the financial markets and maintaining that the business is sustainable. There is a control framework in place for managing liquidity risk and this is designed to meet the
following objectives:


◾   To maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality and a funding profile that is appropriate to meet the liquidity risk appetite as expressed by the Board


◾   To maintain market confidence in the Group’s name.

This is
achieved via a combination of policy formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring. Together, these meet internal and regulatory requirements.


Roles and responsibilities

The
Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for the management and governance of the liquidity risk mandate defined by the Board and the production of ILAAPs. Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing liquidity risk within the set
risk appetite. The CRO for treasury and capital risk reports to the Group CRO.

Barclays’ comprehensive control framework for
managing the Group’s liquidity risk is designed to deliver the appropriate term and structure of funding consistent with the Liquidity Risk Appetite (LRA) set by the Board.


The Board sets the LRA based on the internal liquidity risk model and external regulatory requirements namely the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR).
The LRA is represented as the level of risk the Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations. The approved LRA is implemented in line with the control framework and policy for liquidity risk.


The control framework incorporates a range of ongoing business management tools to monitor, limit and
stress test the Group’s balance sheet and contingent liabilities and the Recovery Plan. Limit setting and transfer pricing are tools that are designed to control the level of liquidity risk taken and drive the appropriate mix of funds.
Together, these tools reduce the likelihood that a liquidity stress event could lead to an inability to meet the Group’s obligations as they fall due. The control framework is subject to internal conformance testing and internal audit review.


The liquidity stress tests assess the potential contractual and contingent stress outflows under a range of scenarios, which are then
used to determine the size of the liquidity pool that is immediately available to meet anticipated outflows if a stress occurs.

The
Group maintains a range of management actions for use in a liquidity stress, these are documented in the Group Recovery Plan. Since the precise nature of any stress event cannot be known in advance, the actions are designed to be flexible to the
nature and severity of the stress event and provide a menu of options that can be drawn upon as required. The Barclays Group Recovery Plan also contains more severe recovery options to generate additional liquidity in order to facilitate recovery in
a severe stress. Any stress event would be regularly monitored and reviewed using key management information by key Treasury, Risk and business representatives.


Organisation and structure   Capital risk management (audited) Overview
Capital risk is managed through ongoing monitoring and management of the capital position, regular stress testing and a robust
capital governance framework. Roles and
responsibilities The management of capital risk is integral to the
Group’s approach to financial stability and sustainability management, and is embedded in the way businesses and legal entities operate. Capital risk management is underpinned by a control framework and policy. The capital


88 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


management strategy, outlined in the Group and legal entity capital plans, is developed in alignment
with the control framework and policy for capital risk, and is implemented consistently in order to deliver on the Group’s objectives.

The Board approves the Group capital plan, internal stress tests and results of regulatory stress tests, and the Group recovery plan. The Treasury Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing capital risk in line with the
Group’s capital management objectives, capital plan and risk frameworks. The Treasury and Capital Risk Committee monitors and reviews the capital risk profile and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of capital
risk. The BRC reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the Group capital plan/forecast in order to agree the Group’s projected capital adequacy.


Local management assures compliance with an entity’s minimum regulatory capital requirements by reporting to local Asset and Liability
Committees with oversight by the Group’s Treasury Committee, as required.

Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing and
monitoring capital and reports to the Group Finance Director. The Treasury and Capital Risk function contains a Capital Risk Oversight team, and is an independent risk function that reports to the Group CRO and is responsible for oversight of
capital risk and production of ICAAPs.

Pension risk


The Group maintains a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. The ability of the pension fund to meet the
projected pension payments is maintained principally through investments.

Pension risk arises because the estimated market value of the
pension fund assets might decline; investment returns might reduce; or the estimated value of the pension liabilities might increase. The Group monitors the pension risks arising from its defined benefit pension schemes and works with Trustees to
address shortfalls. In these circumstances the Group could be required or might choose to make extra contributions to the pension fund. The Group’s main defined benefit scheme was closed to new entrants in 2012.


Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book


Overview

Banking book operations
generate non-traded market risk, primarily through the mismatch between the duration of assets and liabilities and where interest rates on products reset at different dates. As per the Group’s policy to remain within the defined risk appetite,
interest rate and FX risks residing in the banking books of the businesses are transferred to Treasury where they are centrally managed. Currently, these risks are transferred to Treasury via funding arrangements, interest rate or FX swaps. However,
the businesses remain susceptible to market risk from seven key sources:


◾   Repricing/Residual risk: the impact from the mismatch between the run-off of product balances and the associated interest rate hedges or from unhedged liquidity buffer investments;


◾   Structural risk : the change to the net interest income on hedge replenishment due to adverse movements in interest rates, assuming that the balance sheet is held static;


◾   Prepayment risk: the potential loss in value if actual prepayment or early withdrawal behaviour from customers deviates from the expected or contractually agreed behaviour, which may result
in a hedge or funding adjustment at a cost to the bank. Exposures are typically considered (where appropriate) net of any applicable offsetting early repayment charges. This risk principally relates to early repayment of fixed rate loans or
withdrawal from fixed rate savings products;


◾   Recruitment risk: the potential loss in value if the actual completion or drawdown behaviour from customers deviates from the expected behaviour, which may result in a hedge or funding
adjustment at a cost to the bank. This risk principally relates to the completion timing around the Bank’s fixed rate mortgage pipeline process;


◾   Margin compression risk: the effect of internal or market forces on a bank’s net margin where, for example, in a low rate environment any fall in rates will further decrease interest
income earned on the assets whereas funding cost cannot be reduced as it is already at the minimum level.


◾   Lag risk: arises from the delay in re-pricing customer rates for certain variable/ managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by
either regulatory constraint around customer notification on pricing changes, processing time for the Group’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


◾   Asset swap spread risk : the spread between Libor and sovereign bond yields that arises from the management of the liquidity buffer investments and its associated hedges.

Furthermore, liquidity buffer investments are generally subject to Available for Sale (AFS) accounting rules, whereby
changes in the value of these assets impact capital via Other Comprehensive Income, creating volatility in capital directly.

Roles and
responsibilities

The Non-traded Market Risk team provides risk management oversight and monitoring of all traded and non-traded market
risk in Treasury and customer banking books, which specifically includes:


◾   interest rate risk assessment in the customer banking books,


◾   review and challenge the behavioural assumptions used in hedging and transfer pricing,


◾   risk management of the liquidity buffer investments and funding activities,


◾   oversight of balance sheet hedging,


◾   review of residual risk in the hedge accounting solution and hedging of net investments,


◾   proposes and monitors risk limits to manage traded and non-traded market risk within the agreed risk appetite.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 89


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Operational risk management


Operational risk


The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes, systems, human factors or due to external events (for example,
fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.


Overview

The management of operational risk has three key objectives:


◾   Deliver an operational risk capability owned and used by business leaders which is pragmatic, relevant, and enables business leaders to make sound risk decisions over the long term.


◾   Provide the frameworks, policies and tools to enable management to meet their risk management responsibilities while the Second line of defence provides robust, independent, and effective oversight
and challenge.


◾   Deliver a consistent and aggregated measurement of operational risk that will provide clear and relevant insights, so that the right management actions can be taken to keep the operational risk
profile consistent with the Group’s strategy, the stated risk appetite, the client franchise, and other stakeholder needs.

The Group is committed to the management and measurement of operational risk and was granted a waiver by the FSA (now the PRA) to operate an advanced management approach (AMA) for operational risk, which commenced in January 2008.
The majority of the Group calculates regulatory capital requirements using AMA (94% of capital requirements), except for small parts of the organisation acquired since the original permission (6% of


capital requirements) using the Basic Indicator Approach (BIA). The Group works to benchmark its
internal operational risk management and measurement practices with peer banks.

The Group is committed to operating within a strong
system of internal controls that enables business to be transacted and risk taken without exposing the Group to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damages. The Group has an overarching ERMF that sets out the approach to internal
governance. The ERMF establishes the mechanisms and processes by which the Board directs the organisation, through setting the tone and expectations from the top, delegating authority and monitoring compliance.


Organisation and structure


Operational risk comprises a number of specific risks defined as follow:


◾   Data Management and Information Risk: The risk that Barclays information is not captured, retained, used or protected in accordance with its value and legal and regulatory requirements.


◾   Financial Reporting Risk: The risk of a material misstatement or omission within the Group’s external financial, regulatory reporting or internal management reporting.


◾   Fraud Risk: The risk of financial loss when an internal or external party acts dishonestly with the intent to obtain an undue benefit, cause a loss to, or to expose either the Group or its
customers and clients to a risk of loss.


◾   Payments Process Risk: The risk of payments being processed inaccurately, with delays, without appropriate authentication and authorisation.


◾   People Risk: The risk that Barclays is exposed to by virtue of being an employer (excluding Health and Safety related risk).


◾   Premises and Security Risk: The risk of interruption to Barclays’ business due to the unavailability of premises and infrastructure as a result of intentional or accidental damage to
premises and moveable assets, physical security breaches and safety and security incidents.


◾   Supplier Risk: The risk that is introduced to the firm or entity as a consequence of obtaining services or goods from another legal entity as a result of inadequate selection, inadequate
exit and supplier management, resulting in operational, financial, or reputational risk to the bank, failure of services and/or negative customer impact.


Organisation and structure


90 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


◾   Tax Risk: The risk of unexpected tax cost in relation to any tax for which Barclays is liable, or of reputational damage on tax matters with key stakeholders such as tax authorities,
regulators, shareholders or the public. Tax cost includes tax, interest or penalties levied by a taxing authority.


◾   Technology Risk: The risk that comes about due to dependency on technological solutions and is defined as failure to develop, deploy and maintain technology solutions that are stable,
reliable and deliver what the business needs.


◾   Transaction Operations Risk: The risk of Customer/Client or Bank detriment due to unintentional error and/or failure in the end-to-end process of initiation, processing and fulfilment of an
interaction between a Customer/Client and the Bank with an underlying financial instrument (e.g. mortgage, derivative product, trade product etc.).


These risks may result in financial and/or non-financial impacts including legal/regulatory breaches or reputational damages.


Roles and responsibilities

The
prime responsibility for the management of operational risk and compliance with control requirements rests with the business and functional units where the risk arises. The operational risk profile and control environment is reviewed by business
management through specific meetings which cover governance, risk and control. Businesses are required to report their operational risks on both a regular and an event-driven basis. The reports include a profile of the material risks that may
threaten the achievement of their objectives and the effectiveness of key controls, operational risk events and a review of scenarios.


The Group Head of Operational Risk is responsible for establishing, owning and maintaining an
appropriate Group-wide Operational Risk Management Framework and for overseeing the portfolio of operational risk across the Group.


Operational Risk Management (ORM) acts in a second line of defence capacity, and is responsible for defining and overseeing the implementation of
the framework and monitoring Barclays operational risk profile. ORM alerts management when risk levels exceed acceptable ranges or risk appetite in order to drive timely decision making and actions by the first line of defence. Through attendance at
Business Risk Committee meetings, ORM provide specific risk input into the issues highlighted and the overall risk profile of the business. Operational risk issues escalated from these meetings are considered through the second line of defence
review meetings. Depending on their nature, the outputs of these meetings are presented to the BRC or the BAC.

For further information
on operational risk management, Risk and Control Self-assessments and risk scenarios, please refer to the operational risk management section on pages 350 to 353.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 91


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Model risk management


Model risk


The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs
and reports.


Overview

Barclays uses models to support a broad range of activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures, conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, managing
client assets, and meeting reporting requirements.

Since models are imperfect and incomplete representations of reality, they may be
subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their output. Model errors can result in inappropriate business decisions being made, financial loss, regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting. Models may also be misused, for
instance applied to products that they were not intended for, or not adjusted, where fundamental changes to their environment would justify re-evaluating their core assumptions. Errors and misuse are the primary sources of model risk.


Robust model risk management is crucial to assessing and managing model risk within a defined risk appetite. Strong model risk culture, appropriate
technology environment, and adequate focus on understanding and resolving model limitations are crucial components.

Organisation and
structure

Barclays allocates substantial resources to identify and record models and their usage, document and monitor the performance
of models, validate models and adequately address model limitations. Barclays manages model risk as an enterprise level risk similar to other Principal Risks.


Barclays has a dedicated Model Risk Management (MRM) function that consists of


two main units: the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), responsible for model validation and approval,
and Model Governance and Controls (MGC), covering model risk governance, controls and reporting, including ownership of model risk policy and the model inventory.


The model risk management framework consists of the model risk policy and standards. The policy prescribes group-wide, end-to-end requirements for
the identification, measurement and management of model risk, covering model documentation, development, implementation, monitoring, annual review, independent validation and approval, change and reporting processes. The policy is supported by
global standards covering model inventory, documentation, validation, complexity and materiality, testing and monitoring, overlays, risk appetite, as well as vendor models and stress testing challenger models.


Barclays is continuously enhancing model risk management. The function reports to the Group CRO and operates a global framework. Implementation of
best practice standards is a central objective of the Group. Model risk reporting flows to senior management as depicted below:

Roles
and responsibilities

The key model risk management activities include:


◾   Correctly identifying models across all relevant areas of the firm, and recording models in the Group Models Database (GMD), the Group-wide model inventory. The heads of the relevant model
ownership areas (typically, the Business Chief Risk Officers, Business Chief Executive Officers,


the Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer, etc.) annually attest to the completeness and accuracy of the model inventory. MGC undertakes regular conformance reviews on the model inventory.


◾   Enforcing that every model has a model owner who is accountable for the model. The model owner must sign off models prior to submission to IVU for validation. The model owner works with the
relevant technical teams (model developers, implementation, monitoring, data services, regulatory) to maintain that the model presented to IVU is and remains fit for purpose.


◾   Overseeing that every model is subject to validation and approval by IVU, prior to being implemented and on a continual basis. While all models are reviewed and re-approved for continued use each
year, the validation frequency and the level of review and challenge applied by IVU is tailored to the materiality and complexity of each model. Validation includes a review of the model assumptions, conceptual soundness, data, design, performance
testing, compliance with external requirements if applicable, as well as any limitations, proposed remediation and overlays with supporting rationale. Material model changes are subject to prioritised validation and approval.


◾   Defining model risk appetite in terms of risk tolerance, and qualitative metrics which are used to track and report model risk.


◾   Maintaining specific standards that cover model risk management activities relating to stress testing challenger models, model overlays, vendor models, and model complexity and materiality.


Organisation and structure


92 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Conduct risk management


Conduct risk


The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate supply of financial
services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct.


Overview

The Group defines, manages and mitigates conduct risk with the goal of providing positive customer and client outcomes, protecting market integrity and promoting effective competition. This includes taking reasonable steps to assure
the Group’s culture and strategy are appropriately aligned to these goals, products and services are reasonably designed and delivered to meet the needs of customers and clients, as well as promoting the fair and orderly operation of the
markets in which the Group does business and that the Group does not commit or facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption or breaches of economic sanctions.


Product Lifecycle, Culture and Strategy and Financial Crime are the risk categories under conduct risk.


Organisation and structure

The
governance of conduct risk within Barclays is fulfilled through management Committees and forums operated by the First and Second Lines of Defence with clear escalation and reporting lines to the Board.


The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of conduct risk.


Roles and responsibilities

The Conduct Risk Management Framework (CRMF) comprises a number of elements that allow the Group to manage and measure its conduct risk profile.


Senior Managers have ownership within their areas for managing conduct risk. These individuals have a
Statement of Responsibilities identifying the activities and areas for which they are accountable. The primary responsibility for managing conduct risk and compliance with control requirements sits with the business where the risk arises. The First
Line Business Control Committees provide oversight of controls relating to conduct risk.

The Group Chief Compliance Officer is
responsible for owning and maintaining an appropriate Group-wide CRMF for overseeing Group-wide conduct risk management. This includes defining and owning the relevant conduct risk policies and oversight of the implementation of controls to manage
the risk.

Businesses are required to report their conduct risks on both a quarterly and an event-driven basis. The quarterly reports
detail conduct risks inherent within the business strategy and include forward looking horizon scanning analysis as well as backward looking evidence-based indicators from both internal and external sources.


The Business Unit Risk Committees and the Financial Crime Business Oversight Committees are the primary Second Line governance forums for oversight
of conduct risk profile and implementation of the CRMF. The responsibilities of the Business Unit Risk Committees include approval of the conduct risk tolerance and the business defined key indicators. Additional responsibilities include the
identification and discussion of any emerging conduct risks exposures which have been identified.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 93


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Reputation risk management


Reputation risk


The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and competence by clients,
counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public.


Overview

A reduction of trust in Barclays’ integrity and competence may reduce the attractiveness of Barclays to stakeholders and could lead to negative publicity, loss of revenue, regulatory or legislative action, loss of existing and
potential client business, reduced workforce morale and difficulties in recruiting talent. Ultimately it may destroy shareholder value.


Organisation and structure

The
GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of reputation risk.


Roles and responsibilities


The Chief Compliance Officer is accountable for developing a reputation risk framework and policies including limits against which data is
monitored, reported on and escalated, as required.

Reputation risk is by nature pervasive and can be difficult to quantify, requiring
more subjective judgement than many other risks. The Reputation Risk Framework sets out what is required to manage reputation risk effectively and consistently across the bank.


The primary responsibility for identifying and managing reputation risk and adherence to the control requirements sits with the business and support
functions where the risk arises.

Barclays International and Barclays UK are required to operate within established reputation risk
appetite and their component businesses submit quarterly reports to the Group Reputation Management team, highlighting their most significant current and potential reputation risks and issues and how they are being managed. These reports are a key
internal source of information for the quarterly reputation risk reports which are prepared for the GRC and RepCo.


Organisation and structure


94 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Principal Risk management

Legal risk management


Legal risk


The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including
regulatory or contractual requirements.


Overview

The Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF) prescribes Group-wide requirements for the identification, escalation, measurement and management of legal risk, covering assessment, risk tolerance, key indicators and governance. The LRMF
is supported by Group-wide legal risk policies and associated standards aligned to the following legal risks:


◾   Contractual Arrangements – the Group’s rights and remedies in its relationships with other parties not being enforceable as intended due to the absence of appropriate contractual
documentation or defects therein.


◾   Litigation Management – failure to adequately manage litigation involving the Group.


◾   Intellectual Property (IP) – failure to protect the Group’s IP assets or the Group infringing valid IP rights of third parties.


◾   Competition/Anti-trust – failure to adequately manage competition/anti-trust issues or failure to manage relationships with competition/anti-trust authorities.


◾   Use of Law Firms – failure to control instruction of external law firms.


◾   Contact with Regulators – failure to manage interactions with regulators or failure to manage the receipt and handling of regulatory information from a regulatory or government agency
appropriately.


The LRMF requires businesses and functions to integrate the management of legal risk within their
strategic planning and business decision making, including adopting processes to identify legal risk exposures and managing adherence to the minimum control requirements.


In addition to legal risk detailed above, legal outcomes, including losses or the imposition of penalties, damages, fines and sanctions, may arise
because of past and future actions, behaviours and business decisions aligned to the Principal Risk which gave rise to the outcome, including but not limited to conduct and operational risk. Details of current contentious legal matters in relation
to the Group are set out in Note 29.

Organisation and structure


Business/function risk forums have oversight of their legal risk profile and implementation of the LRMF. The Legal Executive Committee oversees,
challenges and monitors legal risk across the Group. The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of risk. Escalation paths from this forum exist to the BRC.


Roles and responsibilities


The primary responsibility for identifying and managing legal risk and adherence to the minimum control requirements sits with the
businesses/functions where the risk resides.

On behalf of the businesses/functions, the aligned General Counsel or members of Legal
senior management provide oversight and challenge of the legal risk profile, for example by undertaking legal risk tolerance assessments, and providing advice on legal risk management. Legal risk tolerance assessments include both quantitative and
qualitative criteria such as:


◾   Risk and control self-assessment, lessons learned, testing and monitoring processes.


◾   Analysis of legal risk material control issues or weaknesses.


◾   Potential legal risks resulting from upcoming changes in the control environment, systems, or internal organisational structures.


◾   Potential implications on the Group of forthcoming changes in the external legal and regulatory environment and/or prevailing decisions from courts and enforcing authorities as they relate to
defined legal risks.

The Group General Counsel supported by the Global Head of Legal Risk, Governance and Control is
responsible for maintaining an appropriate LRMF and for overseeing Group-wide legal risk management.


Organisation and structure


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 95


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Summary of Contents   Page
Credit risk represents a significant risk to the Group and mainly arises from exposure to wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit
risk arising from derivative contracts entered into with clients.   ◾ Credit risk
overview and summary of performance   97
◾ The
Group’s maximum exposure and collateral and other credit enhancements
held   97
◾ The
Group’s approach to management and representation of credit quality   100
– Asset credit quality   100
– Debt securities   100
– Balance sheet credit quality   100
This section provides a macro view of the Group’s credit exposures.
◾ Analysis of
the concentration of credit risk   102
The Group reviews and monitors risk   – Geographic concentrations   102
concentrations in a variety of ways.   – Industrial concentrations   103
This sections outlines performance against key
concentration risks at a macro Group level.
◾ Loans and
advances to customers and banks   105
In addition to Group wide concentrations, Credit Risk monitors exposure performance across a range of specific
portfolios.   ◾ Analysis of
specific portfolios and asset types   106
– Secured home loans   106
– Credit cards and unsecured loans   107
– Wholesale loans and advances at amortised
cost   108
The Group monitors exposures to assets where there is a heightened likelihood of default and assets where an actual default has occurred.   ◾ Analysis of
problem loans   109
– Age analysis of loans and advances that are past due but
not impaired   109
– Analysis of loans and advances assessed as impaired   109
– Potential credit risk loans and coverage ratios   110
– Impaired loans   111
This section outlines the exposure to assets that have been classified as impaired analysing the exposures between business units and by key product
types.   – Forbearance   112
The Group, from time to time, agrees to the suspension of certain aspects of customer/client credit agreements, generally during
temporary periods of financial difficulties where the Group is confident that the customer/client will be able to remedy the suspension.
This section outlines the Group’s current exposure to assets with this treatment.
The Group holds impairment provisions on the balance sheet as a result of the raising of a charge against profit for
incurred losses in the lending book. An impairment allowance may either be identified or unidentified and individual or
collective.   ◾ Impairment   114
– Impairment allowances   114
– Management adjustments to models for impairment   114
◾ Analysis of
debt securities   115
◾ Analysis of
derivatives   115
This section outlines the movements in allowance for impairment by asset class exposure, material management adjustments to model output, analysis of debt securities and
derivatives.


96 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Credit risk


The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their
obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.


All disclosures in this section (pages 97 to 116) are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Key metrics


Loan impairment charges in 2017 were 1% lower than 2016:


Group   -£19m
Loan impairment reduced slightly reflecting lower charges in Barclays UK and in the Barclays International wholesale portfolios partially offset by an adjustment relating to an asset
sale in US cards
Retail   +£42m
Overall the retail portfolios have remained stable and broadly within expectations. Notwithstanding this, impairment charges increased primarily due to an adjustment relating to an
asset sale in US cards
Wholesale   -£61m
Impairment charges have decreased, despite a large single name impairment. The lower impairment outcome was driven by a range of
releases and materially lower charges to the Oil sector.


Overview

Credit risk represents a significant risk to the Group and mainly arises from exposure to wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative contracts entered into with
clients. A summary of performance may be found below.

This section provides an analysis of areas of particular interest or potentially
of higher risk, including: i) balance sheet, including the maximum exposure, collateral, credit quality and loans and advances; ii) areas of concentrations; iii) exposure to and performance metrics for specific portfolios and assets types, including
home loans and credit cards; iv) problem loans, including credit risk loans (CRLs) and forbearance; and v) impairment, including impairment allowances and management adjustments to model outputs.


Please see the credit risk management section on pages 85 to 86 for details of governance, policies and procedures.


Summary of performance in the period

Loan impairment charges decreased £19m to £2,333m. Total loans and advances net of impairment decreased by £34.1bn to £415.4bn net £12.7bn decrease in cash collateral and settlement balances and a
£21.4bn decrease in other lending, primarily in Corporate and Investment bank. Overall, this resulted in a 4bps increase in the LLR to 57bps.

Credit risk loans (CRLs) decreased to £6.0bn (December 2016: £6.5bn) and the CRL coverage ratio increased to 78% (December 2016: 71%) mainly within retail portfolios.


Analysis of the Balance Sheet


Group’s maximum exposure and
collateral and other credit enhancements held


Basis of preparation

The
following tables present a reconciliation between the Group’s maximum exposure and its net exposure to credit risk; reflecting the financial effects of collateral, credit enhancements and other actions taken to mitigate the Group’s
exposure.

For financial assets recognised on the balance sheet, maximum exposure to credit risk represents the balance sheet carrying
value after allowance for impairment. For off-balance sheet guarantees, the maximum exposure is the maximum amount that the Group would have to pay if the guarantees were to be called upon. For loan commitments and other credit related commitments
that are irrevocable over the life of the respective facilities, the maximum exposure is the full amount of the committed facilities.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 97


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Maximum exposure and effects of collateral and other credit enhancements (audited)
Maximum exposure £m   Netting and set-off £m   Collateral
Cash   Non-cash   Risk transfer   Net exposure
As at 31 December 2017   £m   £m   £m   £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   –   –   –   –   171,082
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   –   –   –   –   2,153
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   51,200   –   –   –   –   51,200
Traded loans   3,140   –   –   (128   )   –   3,012
Total trading portfolio assets   54,340   –   –   (128   )   –   54,212
Financial assets designated at fair value:
Loans and advances   11,037   –   (440   )   (5,497   )   (344   )   4,756
Debt securities   15   –   –   –   –   15
Reverse repurchase agreements   100,040   –   (426   )   (99,428   )   –   186
Other financial assets   519   –   –   –   –   519
Total financial assets designated at fair value   111,611   –   (866   )   (104,925   )   (344   )   5,476
Derivative financial instruments   237,669   (184,265   )   (33,092   )   (6,170   )   (5,885   )   8,257
Loans and advances to banks   35,663   –   (6   )   (583   )   (37   )   35,037
Loans and advances to customers:
Home loans   147,002   –   (158   )   (146,554   )   –   290
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   55,767   –   (241   )   (3,995   )   (16   )   51,515
Corporate loans   162,783   (6,617   )   (224   )   (45,819   )   (4,341   )   105,782
Total loans and advances to customers   365,552   (6,617   )   (623   )   (196,368   )   (4,357   )   157,587
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12,546   –   –   (12,226   )   –   320
Financial investments - debt securities   57,129   –   –   (463   )   (853   )   55,813
Other assets   869   –   –   –   –   869
Total on-balance sheet   1,048,614   (190,882   )   (34,587   )   (320,863   )   (11,476   )   490,806
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   19,012   –   (318   )   (1,482   )   (228   )   16,984
Documentary credits and other short-term trade-related transactions   812   –   (27   )   (11   )   (4   )   770
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   314,761   –   (46   )   (31,058   )   (1,753   )   281,904
Total off-balance sheet   334,585   –   (391   )   (32,551   )   (1,985   )   299,658
Total   1,383,199   (190,882   )   (34,978   )   (353,414   )   (13,461   )   790,464


This and subsequent analyses of credit risk include only financial assets subject to credit risk.
They exclude other financial assets not subject to credit risk, mainly equity securities held for trading, as available for sale or designated at fair value, and traded commodities. Assets designated at fair value in respect of linked liabilities to
customers under investment contracts have also not been included as the Group is not exposed to credit risk on these assets. Credit losses in these portfolios, if any, would lead to a reduction in the linked liabilities and not result in a loss to
the Group. For off-balance sheet exposures certain contingent liabilities not subject to credit risk such as performance guarantees are excluded.

The Group mitigates the credit risk to which it is exposed through netting and set-off, collateral and risk transfer. Further detail on the Group’s policies to each of these forms of credit enhancement is presented in the
Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017.


Overview


As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s net exposure to credit risk after taking into account netting and set-off, collateral and risk
transfer increased 7% to £790.5bn. Overall, the extent to which the Group holds mitigation against its total exposure decreased to 43% (2016: 47%).

Of the remaining exposure left unmitigated, a significant portion relates to cash held at central banks, financial investment debt securities issued by governments and cash collateral and settlement balances, all of which are
considered to be lower risk. Increases in cash held at central banks and financial investment debt securities in the period have driven the increase in the Group’s net exposure to credit risk. Trading portfolio liability positions, which to a
significant extent economically hedge trading portfolio assets but which are not held specifically for risk management purposes, are excluded from the analysis. The credit quality of counterparties to derivatives, financial investments and wholesale
loan assets are predominantly investment grade. Further analysis on the credit quality of assets is presented on pages 100 to 101.


Where collateral has been obtained in the event of default, the Group does not, as a rule, use such
assets for its own operations and they are usually sold on a timely basis. The carrying value of assets held by the Group as at 31 December 2017, as a result of the enforcement of collateral, was £nil (2016: £16m).


98 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Maximum exposure and effects of collateral and other credit enhancements
(audited)
Maximum   Netting   Collateral
As at 31 December 2016   exposure £m   and set-off £m   Cash £m   Non-cash £m   Risk transfer £m   Net exposure £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   102,353   –   –   –   –   102,353
Items in the course of collection from other banks   1,467   –   –   –   –   1,467
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   38,789   –   –   –   –   38,789
Traded loans   2,975   –   –   (270   )   –   2,705
Total trading portfolio assets   41,764   –   –   (270   )   –   41,494
Financial assets designated at fair value:
Loans and advances   10,519   –   (17   )   (4,107   )   (432   )   5,963
Debt securities   70   –   –   –   –   70
Reverse repurchase agreements   63,162   –   (688   )   (62,233   )   –   241
Other financial assets   262   –   –   –   –   262
Total financial assets designated at fair value   74,013   –   (705   )   (66,340   )   (432   )   6,536
Derivative financial instruments   346,626   (273,602   )   (41,641   )   (8,282   )   (5,205   )   17,896
Loans and advances to banks   43,251   –   (4   )   (4,896   )   (22   )   38,329
Loans and advances to customers:
Home loans   144,765   –   (184   )   (143,912   )   –   669
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   57,808   –   (235   )   (5,258   )   (95   )   52,220
Corporate loans   190,211   (8,622   )   (320   )   (52,029   )   (5,087   )   124,153
Total loans and advances to customers   392,784   (8,622   )   (739   )   (201,199   )   (5,182   )   177,042
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   13,454   –   (79   )   (13,242   )   –   133
Financial investments - debt securities   62,879   –   –   (533   )   (1,286   )   61,060
Other assets   1,205   –   –   –   –   1,205
Total on-balance sheet   1,079,796   (282,224   )   (43,168   )   (294,762   )   (12,127   )   447,515
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   19,908   –   (247   )   (1,403   )   (130   )   18,128
Documentary credits and other short-term trade-related transactions   1,005   –   (24   )   (18   )   (3   )   960
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   302,681   –   (321   )   (26,548   )   (1,704   )   274,108
Total off-balance sheet   323,594   –   (592   )   (27,969   )   (1,837   )   293,196
Total   1,403,390   (282,224   )   (43,760   )   (322,731   )   (13,964   )   740,711


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 99


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


The Group’s approach to management and representation of credit quality


Asset credit quality

All loans and advances are categorised as either ‘neither past due nor impaired’, ‘past due but not impaired’, or ‘past due and impaired’, which includes restructured loans. For the purposes of the
disclosures in the balance sheet credit quality section below and the analysis of loans and advances and impairment section (page 114):


◾   loans neither past due nor impaired consist predominantly of wholesale and retail loans that are performing. These loans, although unimpaired may carry an unidentified impairment


◾   a loan is considered past due and classified as “Higher risk” when the borrower has failed to make a payment when due under the terms of the loan contract


◾   loans on forbearance programmes, as defined on page 111, are categorised as “Higher risk”


◾   the impairment allowance includes allowances against financial assets that have been individually impaired and those subject to collective impairment.


The Group uses the following internal measures to determine credit quality for loans that are performing:


Default Grade   Wholesale lending Probability of default   Credit Quality Description
1-3   0.0-0.05%   Strong
4-5   0.05-0.15%
6-8   0.15-0.30%
9-11   0.30-0.60%
12-14   0.60-2.15%   Satisfactory
15-19   2.15-11.35%
20 - 21   11.35%+   Higher Risk

For retail clients, a range of analytical tools is used to derive the probability of default of clients at inception
and on an ongoing basis.

For loans that are performing, these descriptions can be summarised as follows:


Strong:
 there is a very high likelihood of the asset being recovered in full.


Satisfactory:
 while there is a high likelihood that the asset will be recovered and therefore, of no cause for concern to the Group, the
asset may not be collateralised, or may relate to unsecured retail facilities. At the lower end of this grade there are customers that are being more carefully monitored, for example, corporate customers which are indicating some evidence of
deterioration, mortgages with a high loan to value, and unsecured retail loans operating outside normal product guidelines.

Higher
risk:
 there is concern over the obligor’s ability to make payments when due. However, these have not yet converted to actual delinquency. There may also be doubts over the value of collateral or security provided. However, the borrower or
counterparty is continuing to make payments when due and is expected to settle all outstanding amounts of principal and interest.

Loans
that are past due are monitored closely, with impairment allowances raised as appropriate and in line with the Group’s impairment policies. These loans are all considered higher risk for the purpose of this analysis of credit quality.


Debt securities


For assets held at fair value, the carrying value on the balance sheet will include, among other things, the credit risk of the issuer. Most listed
and some unlisted securities are rated by external rating agencies. The Group mainly uses external credit ratings provided by Standard & Poor’s, Fitch or Moody’s. Where such ratings are not available or are not current, the Group
will use its own internal ratings for the securities.

Balance sheet credit quality


The following tables present the credit quality of Group assets exposed to credit risk.


Overview

As at
31 December 2017, the ratio of the Group’s assets classified as strong remained broadly stable at 89% (2016: 86%) of total assets exposed to credit risk.


Further analysis of debt securities by issuer and issuer type and netting and collateral arrangements on derivative financial instruments is
presented on pages 115 and 116 respectively.


100 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Balance sheet credit quality (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   Strong (including investment grade) £m   Satisfactory (BB+ to B) £m   Higher risk (B- and below) £m   Maximum exposure to credit risk £m   Strong (including investment grade) %   Satisfactory (BB+ to B) %   Higher risk (B- and below) %   Maximum exposure to credit risk %
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   –   –   171,082   100   –   –   100
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,088   56   9   2,153   97   3   –   100
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   48,489   2,085   626   51,200   95   4   1   100
Traded loans   1,432   1,189   519   3,140   45   38   17   100
Total trading portfolio assets   49,921   3,274   1,145   54,340   92   6   2   100
Financial assets designated at fair value:
Loans and advances   9,457   817   763   11,037   86   7   7   100
Debt securities   –   15   –   15   –   100   –   100
Reverse repurchase agreements   82,263   17,692   85   100,040   82   18   –   100
Other financial assets   482   37   –   519   93   7   –   100
Total financial assets designated at fair value   92,202   18,561   848   111,611   82   17   1   100
Derivative financial instruments   229,262   7,863   544   237,669   96   4   –   100
Loans and advances to banks   34,590   926   147   35,663   97   3   –   100
Loans and advances to customers:
Home loans   135,576   5,781   5,645   147,002   92   4   4   100
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   26,026   24,801   4,940   55,767   47   44   9   100
Corporate loans   113,505   36,786   12,492   162,783   70   22   8   100
Total loans and advances to customers   275,107   67,368   23,077   365,552   76   18   6   100
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   11,430   1,101   15   12,546   91   9   –   100
Financial investments - debt securities   57,107   18   4   57,129   100   –   –   100
Other assets   482   355   32   869   55   41   4   100
Total assets   923,271   99,522   25,821   1,048,614   89   9   2   100
Balance sheet credit quality (audited)
As at 31 December 2016   Strong (including investment grade) £m   Satisfactory (BB+ to B) £m   Higher risk (B- and below) £m   Maximum exposure to credit risk £m   Strong (including investment grade) %   Satisfactory (BB+ to B) %   Higher risk (B- and below) %   Maximum exposure to credit risk %
Cash and balances at central banks   102,353   –   –   102,353   100   –   –   100
Items in the course of collection from other banks   1,328   130   9   1,467   91   9   –   100
Trading portfolio assets:
Debt securities   37,037   1,344   408   38,789   96   3   1   100
Traded loans   594   1,977   404   2,975   20   66   14   100
Total trading portfolio assets   37,631   3,321   812   41,764   90   8   2   100
Financial assets designated at fair value:
Loans and advances   9,692   533   294   10,519   92   5   3   100
Debt securities   59   11   –   70   84   16   –   100
Reverse repurchase agreements   53,151   9,999   12   63,162   84   16   –   100
Other financial assets   244   18   –   262   93   7   –   100
Total financial assets designated at fair value   63,146   10,561   306   74,013   85   14   1   100
Derivative financial instruments   330,737   14,963   926   346,626   95   5   –   100
Loans and advances to banks   39,159   3,830   262   43,251   91   9   –   100
Loans and advances to customers:
Home loans   136,922   2,589   5,254   144,765   95   1   4   100
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   5,343   50,685   1,780   57,808   9   88   3   100
Corporate loans   140,414   37,170   12,627   190,211   74   19   7   100
Total loans and advances to customers   282,679   90,444   19,661   392,784   72   23   5   100
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   9,364   4,090   –   13,454   70   30   –   100
Financial investments - debt securities   62,842   30   7   62,879   100   –   –   100
Other assets   1,085   117   3   1,205   90   10   –   100
Total assets   930,324   127,486   21,986   1,079,796   86   12   2   100


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 101


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Analysis of the concentration of credit risk

A concentration of credit risk exists when a number of counterparties are located in a geographical region or are engaged in similar have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual
obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. The Group implements limits on concentrations in order to mitigate the risk. The analyses of credit risk concentrations presented below are based on the location of the
counterparty or customer or the industry in which they are engaged. Further detail on the Group’s policies with regard to managing concentration risk is presented on page 311.


Geographic concentrations


As at 31 December 2017, the geographic concentration of the Group’s assets remained broadly consistent with 2016. Exposure is concentrated
in the UK 42% (2016: 41%), in the Americas 33% (2016: 33%) and Europe 21% (2016: 21%).


Credit risk concentrations by geography (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   United Kingdom £m   Europe £m   Americas £m   Africa and Middle East £m   Asia £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   53,068   57,179   56,034   63   4,738   171,082
Items in the course of collection from other banks   987   1,166   –   –   –   2,153
Trading portfolio assets   10,603   13,620   25,680   473   3,964   54,340
Financial assets designated at fair value   33,922   23,725   46,288   1,611   6,065   111,611
Derivative financial instruments   81,656   81,566   57,858   2,792   13,797   237,669
Loans and advances to banks   10,251   11,847   8,044   1,714   3,807   35,663
Loans and advances to customers   253,702   39,687   63,246   2,541   6,376   365,552
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   203   375   10,521   32   1,415   12,546
Financial Investments - debt securities   17,471   23,598   14,110   114   1,836   57,129
Other assets   592   13   148   33   83   869
Total on-balance sheet   462,455   252,776   281,929   9,373   42,081   1,048,614
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   7,603   3,039   6,708   529   1,133   19,012
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   800   5   –   7   –   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   105,112   36,079   168,003   1,601   3,966   314,761
Total off-balance sheet   113,515   39,123   174,711   2,137   5,099   334,585
Total   575,970   291,899   456,640   11,510   47,180   1,383,199
Credit risk concentrations by geography (audited)
As at 31 December 2016   United Kingdom £m   Europe £m   Americas £m   Africa and Middle East £m   Asia £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   30,485   40,439   24,859   77   6,493   102,353
Items in the course of collection from other banks   969   498   –   –   –   1,467
Trading portfolio assets   8,981   9,171   19,848   435   3,329   41,764
Financial assets designated at fair value   25,821   10,244   33,181   733   4,034   74,013
Derivative financial instruments   108,559   107,337   105,129   1,493   24,108   346,626
Loans and advances to banks   7,458   12,674   16,894   1,778   4,447   43,251
Loans and advances to customers   253,752   47,050   81,045   3,089   7,848   392,784
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   218   309   11,439   92   1,396   13,454
Financial Investments - debt securities   18,126   27,763   12,030   251   4,709   62,879
Other assets   987   –   137   10   71   1,205
Total on-balance sheet   455,356   255,485   304,562   7,958   56,435   1,079,796
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   8,268   3,275   6,910   702   753   19,908
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   915   9   –   40   41   1,005
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   106,427   35,476   156,077   1,694   3,007   302,681
Total off-balance sheet   115,610   38,760   162,987   2,436   3,801   323,594
Total   570,966   294,245   467,549   10,394   60,236   1,403,390


102 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Industry concentrations

The
concentration of the Group’s assets by industry remained broadly consistent year on year. As at 31 December 2017, total assets concentrated towards banks and other financial institutions was 36% (2016: 43%), predominantly within derivative
financial instruments. The proportion of the overall balance concentrated towards governments and central banks increased to 20% (2016: 14%) and towards home loans remained stable at 11% (2016: 11%).


Credit risk concentrations by industry (audited)
As at 31 December 2017   Banks £m   Other financial insti- tutions £m   Manu- facturing £m   Const- ruction and property £m   Govern- ment and central bank £m   Energy and water £m   Wholesale and retail distribu- tion and leisure £m   Business and other services £m   Home loans £m   Cards, unsecured loans
and other personal lending £m   Other £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   –   –   –   –   171,082   –   –   –   –   –   –   171,082
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,153
Trading portfolio assets   4,682   10,672   3,311   807   26,030   3,900   598   3,324   128   –   888   54,340
Financial assets designated at fair value   21,468   78,506   38   4,666   4,812   2   3   2,083   28   –   5   111,611
Derivative financial instruments   126,248   87,272   2,383   2,103   5,811   8,179   576   2,972   –   –   2,125   237,669
Loans and advances to banks   27,780   –   –   –   7,883   –   –   –   –   –   –   35,663
Loans and advances to customers   –   74,923   9,249   23,706   9,433   6,104   12,450   20,483   147,002   54,205   7,997   365,552
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   7,241   4,844   –   153   307   –   –   1   –   –   –   12,546
Financial investments - debt securities   10,146   1,379   –   –   44,827   103   –   674   –   –   –   57,129
Other assets   147   701   –   –   21   –   –   –   –   –   –   869
Total on-balance sheet   199,865   258,297   14,981   31,435   270,206   18,288   13,627   29,537   147,158   54,205   11,015   1,048,614
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   1,572   3,556   3,236   675   8   2,605   969   4,947   4   389   1,051   19,012
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   524   –   192   –   –   –   71   23   –   –   2   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   1,026   31,427   37,913   12,956   384   31,702   14,436   34,392   10,785   126,169   13,571   314,761
Total off-balance sheet   3,122   34,983   41,341   13,631   392   34,307   15,476   39,362   10,789   126,558   14,624   334,585
Total   202,987   293,280   56,322   45,066   270,598   52,595   29,103   68,899   157,947   180,763   25,639   1,383,199


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 103


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Credit risk concentrations by industry (audited)
As at 31 December 2016   Banks £m   Other financial insti- tutions £m   Manu- facturing £m   Const- ruction and property £m   Govern- ment
and central bank £m   Energy and water £m   Wholesale and retail distribu- tion and leisure £m   Business and other services £m   Home loans £m   Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending £m   Other £m   Total £m
On-balance sheet:
Cash and balances at central banks   –   –   –   –   102,353   –   –   –   –   –   –   102,353
Items in the course of collection from other banks   1,467   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,467
Trading portfolio assets   2,231   7,998   1,625   565   21,047   3,733   324   2,972   257   –   1,012   41,764
Financial assets designated at fair value   14,714   49,783   3   5,699   856   5   33   2,811   33   2   74   74,013
Derivative financial instruments   182,664   139,066   2,913   3,488   6,547   4,585   810   3,392   –   –   3,161   346,626
Loans and advances to banks   38,932   –   –   –   4,319   –   –   –   –   –   –   43,251
Loans and advances to customers   –   91,812   12,337   24,200   12,028   7,384   12,967   21,838   144,765   56,730   8,723   392,784
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   2,596   10,568   –   38   252   –   –   –   –   –   –   13,454
Financial investments - debt securities   12,842   4,877   –   –   44,263   –   43   807   –   –   47   62,879
Other assets   975   205   –   –   25   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,205
Total on-balance sheet   256,421   304,309   16,878   33,990   191,690   15,707   14,177   31,820   145,055   56,732   13,017   1,079,796
Off-balance sheet:
Contingent liabilities   1,484   4,232   3,387   707   8   2,649   1,032   4,847   40   531   991   19,908
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   433   –   377   –   –   –   157   38   –   –   –   1,005
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   1,021   29,329   38,829   11,876   400   29,699   14,741   26,359   9,610   126,708   14,109   302,681
Total off-balance sheet   2,938   33,561   42,593   12,583   408   32,348   15,930   31,244   9,650   127,239   15,100   323,594
Total   259,359   337,870   59,471   46,573   192,098   48,055   30,107   63,064   154,705   183,971   28,117   1,403,390


104 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


As the principal source of credit risk to the Group, loans and advances to customers and banks is analysed in detail below:


Analysis of loans and advances and impairment to customers and
banks
As at 31 December 2017   Gross L&A £m   Impairment allowance £m   L&A net of impairment £m   Credit risk loans £m   CRLs % of gross L&A %   Loan impairment charges £m   a   Loan loss rates bps
Barclays UK   159,397   1,649   157,748   1,950   1.2   764   48
Barclays International   30,775   1,542   29,233   1,275   4.1   1,285   418
Head Office   9,333   296   9,037   710   7.6   16   17
Barclays Non-Core b   –   –   –   –   –   30   –
Total Group retail   199,505   3,487   196,018   3,935   2.0   2,095   105
Barclays UK   28,960   190   28,770   432   1.5   19   7
Barclays International   170,299   862   169,437   1,421   0.8   219   13
Head Office   7,103   113   6,990   206   2.9   1   1
Barclays Non-Core b   –   –   –   –   –   (1   )   –
Total Group wholesale   206,362   1,165   205,197   2,059   1.0   238   12
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   405,867   4,652   401,215   5,994   1.5   2,333   57
Traded loans   3,140   n/a   3,140   n/a
Loans and advances designated at fair value   11,037   n/a   11,037   n/a
Loans and advances held at fair value   14,177   n/a   14,177   n/a
Total loans and advances   420,044   4,652   415,392   5,994
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   155,729   1,519   154,210   2,044   1.3   866   56
Barclays International   33,485   1,492   31,993   1,249   3.7   1,085   324
Barclays Non-Core   10,319   385   9,934   838   8.1   102   99
Total Group retail   199,533   3,396   196,137   4,131   2.1   2,053   103
Barclays UK   15,204   282   14,922   591   3.9   30   20
Barclays International   180,102   748   179,354   1,470   0.8   258   14
Head Office   4,410   –   4,410   –   –   –   –
Barclays Non-Core   41,406   194   41,212   299   0.7   11   3
Total Group wholesale   241,122   1,224   239,898   2,360   1.0   299   12
Total loans and advances at amortised cost   440,655   4,620   436,035   6,491   1.5   2,352   53
Traded loans   2,975   n/a   2,975   n/a
Loans and advances designated at fair value   10,519   n/a   10,519   n/a
Loans and advances held at fair value   13,494   n/a   13,494   n/a
Total loans and advances   454,149   4,620   449,529   6,491

Notes


a   Excluding impairment charges on available for sale investments and reverse repurchase agreements.


b   Barclays Non-Core represents charges for the six months ended 30 June 2017, primarily relating to Italian mortgages transferred into Head Office on 1 July 2017.


Total loans and advances decreased by £34.1bn to £415.4bn, including a net £12.7bn decrease in cash collateral and settlement
balances and a £21.4bn decrease in other lending, primarily in Corporate and Investment Bank.

Credit risk loans (CRLs) decreased
to £6.0bn (2016: £6.5bn) and the ratio of CRLs to gross loans and advances remained stable at 1.5% (2016: 1.5%). Loan impairment charges decreased £19m to £2,333m. Overall, this resulted in an increase of 4bps in the loan
loss rate to 57bps.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 105


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Analysis of specific portfolios and asset types

This section provides an analysis of principal portfolios and businesses in the retail segments. In particular, home loans, credit cards, overdrafts and unsecured loans.


Secured home loans

The UK
home loans portfolio comprises first lien home loans and accounts for 90% (2016: 89%) of the Group’s total home loan balances.


Home loans principal
portfolios a
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2017   2016
Gross loans and advances (£m)   132,132   129,136
90 day arrears rate, excluding recovery book (%)   0.1   0.2
Non-performing proportion of outstanding balances (%)   0.4   0.6
Annualised gross charge-off rates (%)   0.2   0.3
Recovery book proportion of outstanding balances (%)   0.3   0.4
Recovery book impairment coverage ratio (%)   11.2   9.1

Note


a   Gross loans and advances include loans and advances to customers and banks. Risk metrics based on exposures to customers only.


Portfolio performance remained steady reflecting the continuing low base rate environment and stable economic conditions. The non-performing
proportion of outstanding balances decreased due to an improved performance and a reduction in repossession stock. The recovery book impairment coverage ratio increased driven by a reduction in the number of customers entering recoveries, reflecting
lower entries into collections and better customer payments rates from those in collections.

Within the UK home loans portfolio:


◾   owner-occupied interest-only home loans comprised 28% (2016: 31%) of total balances. The decrease was driven by a greater attrition rate compared to new business flow. The average balance weighted
LTV on these loans reduced to 39.7% (2016: 41.7%) primarily driven by increases in the House Price Index (HPI) across core regions and the 90 day arrears rate excluding recovery book remained steady at 0.3% (2016: 0.2%)


◾   buy-to-let home loans comprised 11% (2016: 9%) of total balances. The average balance weighted LTV increased to 53.7% (2016: 52.6%), and the 90 day arrears rate excluding recovery book remained
steady at 0.1% (2016: 0.1%).


Home loans principal portfolios – distribution of balances by LTV a
Distribution of balances   Impairment coverage ratio   Non-performing proportion of outstanding balances   Non-performing balances impairment coverage ratio   Recovery book proportion of outstanding
balances   Recovery book impairment coverage ratio
As at 31 December   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %
Barclays UK
<=75%   91.1   91.8   0.1   0.1   0.5   0.6   4.3   4.2   0.2   0.4   7.5   5.9
>75% and <=80%   4.1   3.5   0.1   0.2   0.5   0.6   18.6   17.1   0.3   0.4   28.0   22.1
>80% and <=85%   2.6   2.1   0.1   0.2   0.4   0.8   16.4   20.4   0.2   0.6   27.8   25.0
>85% and <=90%   1.2   1.3   0.2   0.3   0.5   0.7   23.8   23.0   0.3   0.6   30.7   25.4
>90% and <=95%   0.6   0.8   0.4   0.4   0.9   1.1   28.7   28.3   0.6   0.8   38.9   33.7
>95% and <=100%   0.2   0.3   0.6   0.7   1.2   1.9   25.6   23.4   0.9   1.5   27.7   27.0
>100%   0.2   0.2   4.2   3.1   6.7   5.7   42.0   38.6   5.9   5.0   47.2   40.9

Note


a   Portfolio marked to market based on the most updated valuation including recovery book balances. Updated valuations reflect the application of the latest HPI available as at 31 December 2017.


Home loans principal portfolios - Average LTV
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2017   2016
Portfolio marked to market LTV (%):
Balance weighted   47.6   47.7
Valuation weighted   35.2   35.6
Performing balances (%):
Balance weighted   47.6   47.3
Valuation weighted   35.6   35.5
Non-performing balances (%):
Balance weighted   49.8   52.5
Valuation weighted   39.1   41.7
For >100% LTVs:
Balances (£m)   215   239
Marked to market collateral (£m)   188   210
Average LTV: balance weighted (%)   127.7   118.4
Average LTV: valuation weighted (%)   118.6   113.1
% of balances in recovery book   5.9   5.0


106 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Balance pay down coupled with benefits from the HPI increase resulted in a 10% reduction in home loans that have LTV >100% to £215m (2016:
£239m).


Home loans principal portfolios – new lending
Barclays UK
As at 31 December   2017   2016
New bookings (£m)   22,665   19,885
New mortgages proportion above 85% LTV (%)   6.0   8.6
Average LTV on new mortgages: balance weighted (%)   63.8   63.4
Average LTV on new mortgages: valuation weighted (%)   56.0   54.4

Barclays UK:
New lending during 2017 increased by 14%, reflecting heightened market activity while
maintaining a steady risk profile. Average balance weighted LTV on new lending remained broadly stable at 63.8% (2016: 63.4%).

Head
Office:
 Italian home loans of £9.2bn (2016: £10.0bn) are secured on residential property with an average balance weighted marked to market LTV of 61.0% (2016: 61.8%) and CRL coverage of 41% (2016: 36%). 90 day arrears and gross
charge-off rates remained stable at 1.4% (2016: 1.2%) and 0.8% (2016: 0.8%) respectively while the CRL book coverage ratio increased, as a result of an update in the collateral valuation for accounts in the recovery book.


Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending


The principal portfolios listed below accounted for 87% (2016: 88%) of the Group’s total credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail
lending.


Credit cards, unsecured loans and other retail lending principal
portfolios
Gross loans and advances £m   a   30 day arrears, excluding recovery book %   90 day arrears, excluding recovery book %   Annualised gross charge-off rate %   Recovery book proportion of outstanding balances %   Recovery book impairment coverage ratio %
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK
UK cards b   17,686   1.8   0.8   5.0   3.4   80.5
UK personal loans   6,255   2.5   1.2   3.3   4.7   77.2
Barclays International
US cards b   21,350   2.6   1.3   5.0   2.8   82.9
Barclays Partner Finance   3,814   1.3   0.5   2.6   2.4   78.1
Germany cards   1,976   2.5   1.0   3.8   2.7   78.0
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK
UK cards b   17,833   1.9   0.9   5.5   3.0   83.8
UK personal loans   6,076   2.1   0.9   3.1   4.7   77.2
Barclays International
US cards b   23,915   2.6   1.3   4.5   2.4   83.6
Barclays Partner Finance   4,041   1.5   0.6   2.5   2.6   81.5
Germany cards   1,812   2.6   1.0   3.7   2.7   79.0

Notes


a   Gross loans and advances includes loans and advances to customers and banks. Risk metrics based on exposures to customers.


b   For UK and US cards, outstanding recovery book balances for acquired portfolios recognised at fair value (which have no related impairment allowance) have been excluded from the recovery book
impairment coverage ratio. Losses have been recognised where related to additional spend from acquired accounts in the period post acquisition.


UK cards:
 The annualised gross charge-off rate, which was higher in 2016 due to accelerated asset sales, normalised in 2017 to 5.0% (2016:
5.5%) in line with expectations. The recovery book proportion of outstanding balances increased, reflecting accelerated charge-off of non-compliant forbearance plans. However, the recovery book impairment coverage ratio decreased, reflecting the one
time asset sale impact of accounts with lower recovery expectations.

UK personal loans:
 The 30 day arrears rate increased to 2.5%
(2016: 2.1%) and the 90 day arrears rate increased to 1.2% (2016: 0.9%) reflecting increased flow into delinquency from some 2016 bookings due to higher incidences of fraud and poorer performance on customers with multiple loans, coupled with a
weaker performance in collections operations. Both the recovery book proportion of outstanding balances of 4.7% (2016: 4.7%) and the recovery book impairment coverage ratio of 77.2% (2016: 77.2%) remained stable.


US cards:
 The annualised gross charge-off rate increased to 5.0% (2016: 4.5%) broadly in line with trends across the industry and also
reflecting a one-off asset sale contributing to a drop in outstanding balances. As a result, recovery book proportion of outstanding balances increased to 2.8% (2016: 2.4%).


Barclays Partner Finance:
 Portfolio arrears and the annualised gross charge-off rate remained broadly stable during 2017.


Germany cards:
 90 day arrears and the annualised gross charge-off rate remained stable, while the recovery book coverage ratio improved
reflecting better recoveries. In addition, Germany consumer loans increased to £1.4bn (2016: £1.2bn).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 107


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Wholesale loans and advances at amortised cost
Analysis of wholesale loans and advances at amortised cost
Gross L&A £m   Impairment allowance £m   L&A net of impairment £m   Credit risk loans £m   CRLs % of gross L&A %   Loan impairment charges £m   Loan loss rates bps
As at 31 December 2017
Banks   27,520   –   27,520   –   –   –   –
Other financial institutions   73,849   20   73,829   108   0.1   2   –
Manufacturing   9,193   64   9,129   162   1.8   (46   )   (50   )
Construction   3,180   34   3,146   21   0.7   (6   )   (19   )
Property   20,353   61   20,292   256   1.3   (27   )   (13   )
Government and central bank   16,403   1   16,402   35   0.2   –   –
Energy and water   6,214   124   6,090   235   3.8   (21   )   (34   )
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   12,497   217   12,280   253   2.0   53   42
Business and other services   20,147   505   19,642   361   1.8   264   131
Home loans a   5,598   48   5,550   268   4.8   11   20
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending a   4,452   33   4,419   272   6.1   (4   )   (9   )
Other   6,956   58   6,898   88   1.3   12   17
Total wholesale loans and advances at amortised cost   206,362   1,165   205,197   2,059   1.0   238   12
As at 31 December 2016
Banks   35,979   –   35,979   –   –   –   –
Other financial institutions   91,673   14   91,659   89   0.1   6   1
Manufacturing   12,373   130   12,243   226   1.8   37   30
Construction   3,418   40   3,378   58   1.7   5   15
Property   20,541   137   20,404   464   2.3   27   13
Government and central bank   15,847   –   15,847   –   –   –   –
Energy and water   7,569   181   7,388   348   4.6   102   135
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   12,995   169   12,826   258   2.0   38   29
Business and other services   21,210   284   20,926   331   1.6   54   25
Home loans a   5,497   48   5,449   190   3.5   9   16
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending a   5,329   129   5,200   207   3.9   6   11
Other   8,691   92   8,599   189   2.2   15   17
Total wholesale loans and advances at amortised cost   241,122   1,224   239,898   2,360   1.0   299   12

Note


a   Included in the above analysis are Wealth and Private Banking exposures measured on an individual customer exposure basis.


Wholesale loans and advances decreased £34.8bn to £206.4bn (2016: £241.1bn), including a net £12.7bn decrease in settlement
and cash collateral balances and a £22.1bn decrease in other lending, mainly in the Corporate and Investment Bank.

CRLs decreased
£0.3bn to £2.1bn (2016: £2.4bn), primarily in the property and energy sectors, with fewer large name exposures arising this year compared to 2016.


Loan impairment charges decreased to £238m (2016: £299m), reflecting the trend in CRLs. The loan loss rate remained stable at 12bps
(2016: 12bps).


108 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Analysis of problem loans

Loans
that are past due or assessed as impaired within this section are reflected in the balance sheet credit quality tables on page 101 as being Higher risk.

Age analysis of loans and advances that are past due but not impaired

The following table presents an age
analysis of gross loans and advances that are past due but not impaired. Loans that are past due but not impaired consist predominantly of wholesale loans that are past due but individually assessed as not being impaired. These loans although
individually assessed as unimpaired may carry an unidentified impairment provision.


Loans and advances past due but not impaired (audited)
Past due up to 1 month £m   Past
due 1-2 months £m   Past
due 2-3 months £m   Past due 3-6 months £m   Past due 6 months and over £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Loans and advances designated at fair value   653   –   20   –   10   683
Home loans   3   1   –   –   22   26
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   –   –   12   31   66   109
Corporate loans   6,272   277   129   85   98   6,861
Total   6,928   278   161   116   196   7,679
As at 31 December 2016
Loans and advances designated at fair value   29   8   18   –   16   71
Home loans   1   –   –   33   31   65
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   2   –   2   11   77   92
Corporate loans   6,962   1,235   149   178   354   8,878
Total   6,994   1,243   169   222   478   9,106

Loans and advances past due but not impaired decreased by £1.4bn to £7.7bn, mainly due to fewer large
corporate loans past due 1-2 months.

Analysis of loans and advances assessed as impaired


The following table presents an analysis of gross loans and advances into those collectively or individually assessed as impaired. The table
includes an age analysis for loans and advances collectively assessed as impaired.

Loans that are collectively assessed as impaired
consist predominantly of retail loans that are one day or more past due for which a collective allowance is raised. Wholesale loans that are past due, individually assessed as unimpaired, but which carry an unidentified impairment provision, are
excluded from this category.

Loans that are individually assessed as impaired consist predominantly of wholesale loans that are past due
and for which an individual allowance has been raised.

Home loans, unsecured loans and credit card receivables that are subject to
forbearance in the retail portfolios are included within the collectively assessed for impairment category. Where wholesale loans under forbearance have been impaired, these form part of individually assessed impaired loans.


Loans and advances assessed as impaired (audited)
Past due up to 1 month £m   Past due 1-2
months £m   Past due 2-3
months £m   Past due 3-6
months £m   Past due 6 months and over £m   Total collectively assessed £m   Individually assessed for impairment £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Home loans   2,622   465   200   304   477   4,068   922   4,990
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   989   344   245   511   1,808   3,897   302   4,199
Corporate loans   546   34   20   28   85   713   1,384   2,097
Total   4,157   843   465   843   2,370   8,678   2,608   11,286
As at 31 December 2016
Home loans   2,866   795   201   298   452   4,612   820   5,432
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   1,135   354   250   516   1,702   3,957   492   4,449
Corporate loans   288   53   35   72   131   579   1,580   2,159
Total   4,289   1,202   486   886   2,285   9,148   2,892   12,040

Loans and advances assessed as impaired decreased by £0.8bn to £11.3bn, reflecting a stable or
generally improving trend in the ageing of impaired loans across the Group.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 109


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Potential credit risk loans (PCRLs) and coverage ratios


The Group reports potentially and actually impaired loans as PCRLs. PCRLs comprise two categories of loans: credit risk loans (CRLs) and potential
problem loans (PPLs).

CRLs comprise three classes of loans:


◾   Impaired Loans: comprises loans where an individually identified impairment allowance has been raised. This category also includes all Retail loans that have been transferred to a recovery book.
See page 111 for further analysis of impaired loans.


◾   Accruing past due 90 days or more: comprises loans that are 90 days or more past due with respect to principal or interest.


◾   Restructured loans: comprises loans not included above where, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a concession has been granted to the debtor that
would not otherwise be considered. For information on restructured loans refer to disclosures on forbearance on pages 111 to 114.

PPLs are loans that are currently complying with repayment terms but where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrower to continue to comply with such terms in the near future. If the credit quality of a wholesale loan on
a watch list deteriorates to the highest category, or a Retail loan deteriorates to delinquency cycle 2 (typically when past due 60 to 90 days), consideration is given to including it within the PPL category.


Potential credit risk loans and coverage ratios by business
CRLs   PPLs   PCRLs
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Barclays UK   1,950   2,044   266   310   2,216   2,354
Barclays International   1,275   1,249   198   192   1,473   1,441
Head Office   710   –   9   –   719   –
Barclays Non-Core   –   838   –   11   –   849
Total retail   3,935   4,131   473   513   4,408   4,644
Barclays UK   432   591   168   94   600   685
Barclays International   1,421   1,470   763   1,530   2,184   3,000
Head Office   206   –   22   –   228   –
Barclays Non-Core   –   299   –   59   –   358
Total wholesale   2,059   2,360   953   1,683   3,012   4,043
Group total   5,994   6,491   1,426   2,196   7,420   8,687
Impairment allowance   CRL coverage   PCRL coverage
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 %   2016 %   2017 %   2016 %
Barclays UK   1,649   1,519   84.6   74.3   74.4   64.5
Barclays International   1,542   1,492   120.9   119.5   104.7   103.5
Head Office   296   –   41.7   –   41.2   –
Barclays Non-Core   –   385   –   45.9   –   45.3
Total retail   3,487   3,396   88.6   82.2   79.1   73.1
Barclays UK   190   282   44.0   47.7   31.7   41.2
Barclays International   862   748   60.7   50.9   39.5   24.9
Head Office   113   –   54.9   –   49.6   –
Barclays Non-Core   –   194   –   64.9   –   54.2
Total wholesale   1,165   1,224   56.6   51.9   38.7   30.3
Group total   4,652   4,620   77.6   71.2   62.7   53.2

CRLs decreased to £6.0bn (2016: £6.5bn) with the Group’s CRL coverage ratio increasing to 77.6%
(2016: 71.2%) mainly within retail portfolios. The CRL coverage ratio for retail portfolios increased to 88.6% (2016: 82.2%) primarily due to movements in Barclays UK.


PPLs decreased to £1.4bn (2016: £2.2bn) primarily within Barclays International. The decrease was driven by Corporate and Investment
Bank where the volume of PPL cases has decreased significantly.


110 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Impaired loans

The following
table represents an analysis of impaired loans in line with the disclosure recommended by the Enhanced Disclosure Taskforce. Impaired loans are a subcomponent of CRLs and comprise loans where an individually identified impairment allowance has been
raised. This category also includes all retail loans that have been transferred to a recovery book. For the majority of products, transfer to a recovery unit occurs for loans that are past due over 6 months unless a forbearance agreement is agreed.
Earlier transfer points may occur depending on specific circumstances. Impaired loans may include loans that are still performing, fully collateralised loans or where indebtedness has already been written down to the expected realisable value.


Movement in impaired loans
At beginning of year £m   Classified as impaired during the year £m   Transferred to not impaired during the year £m   Repayments £m   Amounts written off £m   Acquisitions and disposals £m   Exchange and other adjustments £m   Balance at 31 December £m
2017
Home loans   1,140   247   (203   )   (149   )   (26   )   –   16   1,025
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   1,704   1,878   (66   )   (214   )   (1,467   )   –   27   1,862
Corporate loans   1,770   1,065   (271   )   (664   )   (202   )   –   (181   )   1,517
Total impaired loans   4,614   3,190   (540   )   (1,027   )   (1,695   )   –   (138   )   4,404
2016
Home loans   1,337   308   (150   )   (171   )   (19   )   –   (165   )   1,140
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   2,200   1,761   (17   )   (136   )   (1,605   )   (92   )   (407   )   1,704
Corporate loans   2,098   984   (427   )   (220   )   (331   )   (15   )   (319   )   1,770
Total impaired loans   5,635   3,053   (594   )   (527   )   (1,955   )   (107   )   (891   )   4,614

Forbearance

Forbearance measures consist of concessions towards a debtor that is experiencing or about to experience difficulties in meeting their financial commitments (“financial difficulties”).


Analysis of forbearance programmes
Balances   Impairment allowance   Impairment coverage
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 %   2016 %
Barclays UK   847   926   226   237   26.7   25.6
Barclays International   210   243   86   57   41.0   23.5
Head Office   186   –   11   –   5.9   –
Barclays Non-Core   –   211   –   9   –   4.3
Total retail   1,243   1,380   323   303   26.0   22.0
Barclays UK a   606   589   31   62   5.1   10.5
Barclays International a   2,347   2,044   519   257   22.1   12.6
Barclays Non-Core   –   269   –   50   –   18.5
Total wholesale   2,953   2,902   550   369   18.6   12.7
Group total b   4,196   4,282   873   672   20.8   15.7

Notes

a In 2017, ESHLA balances were reclassified from Barclays International to Barclays UK reflecting the management of the portfolio.

b Barclays Non-Core retail balances of £186m were reclassified into Head Office and £158m wholesale balances were reclassified into Barclays International.


Balances on forbearance programmes decreased 2% driven by better portfolio performance.


Retail balances on forbearance reduced 10% to £1.2bn, reflecting an overall decrease in both Barclays UK and Barclays International
portfolios.


◾   Barclays UK : Reduction was driven by UK cards portfolio, where balances on forbearance plans were lower due to an asset sale and application of tighter entry criteria. For the UK home loans
portfolio the reduction was due to stable economic conditions and reduced forbearance entries.


◾   Barclays International: US cards forbearance balances decreased due to an asset sale of high risk accounts. The increase in impairment allowance was driven by updated modelling methodology.

Wholesale balances on forbearance remained broadly stable at £3.0bn (2016: £2.9bn). Across the principal
portfolios, the flow of new cases into forbearance during 2017 was offset by a range of repayments and credit improvements where clients returned to the performing book and a modest level of write offs.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 111


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Retail forbearance programmes


Forbearance on the Group’s principal retail portfolios in the US and UK is presented below. The principal portfolios account for 71% (2016:
73%) of total retail forbearance balances.


Analysis of key portfolios in forbearance programmes
Balances on forbearance programmes   Marked to market LTV of forbearance balances: balance weighted %   Marked to market LTV of forbearance balances: valuation weighted %   Impairment allowances marked against balances on forbearance programmes £m   Total balances on forbearance programmes coverage ratio %
Of which:
Total £m   % of gross retail loans and advances %   Past due of which:
Up-to-date £m   1-90 days past due £m   91 or more days past due £m
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK
UK home loans   355   0.3   237   79   39   43.2   31.0   4   1.1
UK cards   302   1.7   153   98   51   n/a   n/a   179   59.3
UK personal loans   77   1.2   48   21   8   n/a   n/a   30   39.0
Barclays International
US cards   148   0.7   107   30   11   n/a   n/a   58   39.2
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK
UK home loans   390   0.3   188   149   53   44.7   31.3   3   0.8
UK cards   337   1.9   255   59   23   n/a   n/a   185   54.9
UK personal loans   94   1.5   58   26   10   n/a   n/a   38   40.4
Barclays International
US cards   186   0.8   139   35   12   n/a   n/a   38   20.4


◾   UK home loans: Improvement driven by stable economic conditions and a reduction in forbearance entries.


◾   UK cards: Balances on forbearance plans reduced due to an asset sale and tighter entry criteria. The forbearance impairment coverage ratio increased due to the inclusion of additional
forbearance populations in 2017 which carry higher impairment provision rates.


◾   UK personal loans: Impairment allowance held against forbearance stock decreased in line with the overall forbearance balance and the coverage ratio remained relatively stable.


◾   US cards: Balances were lower due to asset sale of high risk accounts while impairment allowance increased due to a change in methodology.


Forbearance by type
Barclays UK   Barclays International
UK home loans   UK cards   UK personal loans   US cards
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Payment concession   94   96   84   45   –   –   –   –
Interest only conversion   75   84   –   –   –   –   –   –
Term extension   184   210   –   –   8   16   –   –
Fully amortising   –   –   –   –   54   65   135   97
Repayment plan a   –   –   96   218   15   13   13   89
Interest rate concession   2   –   122   74   –   –   –   –
Total   355   390   302   337   77   94   148   186

Note

a Repayment plan represents a reduction to the minimum payment due requirements and interest rate.


◾   UK cards: The reduction in the Repayment Plan book was driven by a one-time accelerated charge-off of legacy
accounts in addition to reduced inflow as a result of tighter entry criteria. This reduction was partially offset by the inclusion of new segments following a review of the forbearance population to better align with policy.


112 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Wholesale
forbearance programmes

The tables below detail balance information for wholesale forbearance cases.


Analysis of wholesale balances in forbearance programmes a
Balances on forbearance programmes   Impairment allowances marked against balances on forbearance programmes
Of which:   Total balances on forbearance programmes coverage ratio
Performing balances   Impaired up-to-date balances
% of gross wholesale loans and advances   Balances between 1 and 90 days past due   Balances 91 days or more past due
Total balances
£m   %   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   %
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   606   2.1   378   8   89   131   31   5.1
Barclays International   2,347   1.4   1,587   300   57   403   519   22.1
Total   2,953   1.4   1,965   308   146   534   550   18.6
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   589   3.9   187   93   78   231   62   10.5
Barclays International   2,044   1.1   1,285   567   33   159   257   12.6
Barclays Non-Core   269   0.6   57   44   25   143   50   18.6
Total   2,902   1.2   1,529   704   136   533   369   12.7

Note

a In 2017, certain ESHLA balances were reclassified from Barclays International to Barclays UK reflecting the management of the portfolio.


Wholesale forbearance reporting split by exposure class
Personal and
Corporate   trusts   Other   Total
£m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2017
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   5   –   –   5
Restructure: maturity date extension   373   26   –   399
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   297   –   –   297
Restructure: payment other than cash   16   –   –   16
Change in security   9   –   –   9
Adjustments or non-enforcement of covenants   1,477   101   1   1,579
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure pending)   474   174   –   648
Total   2,651   301   1   2,953
As at 31 December 2016
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   32   –   –   32
Restructure: maturity date extension   411   107   –   518
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   346   1   –   347
Restructure: payment other than cash   10   –   –   10
Change in security   7   –   –   7
Adjustments or non-enforcement of covenants   1,242   155   –   1,397
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure pending)   438   153   –   591
Total   2,486   416   –   2,902
Wholesale forbearance reporting split by business unit
Barclays   Barclays
Barclays UK   International   Non-Core   Total
£m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2017
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   3   2   –   5
Restructure: maturity date extension   90   309   –   399
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   199   98   –   297
Restructure: payment other than cash   –   16   –   16
Change in security   –   9   –   9
Adjustments or non-enforcements of covenants   223   1,356   –   1,579
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure pending)   91   557   –   648
Total   606   2,347   –   2,953
As at 31 December 2016
Restructure: reduced contractual cash flows   3   29   –   32
Restructure: maturity date extension   114   316   88   518
Restructure: changed cash flow profile (other than extension)   180   164   3   347
Restructure: payment other than cash   –   10   –   10
Change in security   1   6   –   7
Adjustments or non-enforcements of covenants   132   1,212   53   1,397
Other (e.g. capital repayment holiday; restructure pending)   159   307   125   591
Total   589   2,044   269   2,902


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 113


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


Wholesale forbearance flows in 2017
£m
As at 1 January 2017   2,902
Added to forbearance   2,157
Removed from forbearance (credit improvement)   (632   )
Fully or partially repaid and other movements   (1,277   )
Written off/moved to recovery book   (197   )
As at 31 December 2017   2,953

Impairment

Impairment allowances

Impairment allowances remained stable at £4,652m (2016: £4,620m) during the
year.


Movements in allowance for impairment by asset class (audited)
Amounts
Acquisitions   Exchange   charged to
At beginning   and   Unwind of   and other   Amounts   income   Balance at
of year   disposals   discount   adjustments   written off   Recoveries   statement   31 December
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
2017
Home loans   467   –   (5   )   (4   )   (29   )   –   29   458
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   3,060   –   (43   )   (223   )   (2,042   )   252   2,051   3,055
Corporate loans   1,093   (5   )   –   (13   )   (258   )   82   240   1,139
Total impairment allowance   4,620   (5   )   (48   )   (240   )   (2,329   )   334   2,320   4,652
2016
Home loans   518   (3   )   (5   )   (108   )   (23   )   –   88   467
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   3,394   (2   )   (70   )   (709   )   (1,806   )   296   1,957   3,060
Corporate loans   1,009   –   –   81   (364   )   69   298   1,093
Total impairment allowance   4,921   (5   )   (75   )   (736   )   (2,193   )   365   2,343   4,620

Management adjustments to models for impairment


Management adjustments to models for impairment are applied in order to factor in certain conditions or changes in policy that are not incorporated
into the relevant impairment models, or to reflect additionally known facts and circumstances at the period end. Adjustments typically increase the model derived impairment allowance. Where applicable, management adjustments are reviewed and
incorporated into future model development.

Management adjustments to models of more than £10m with respect to impairment
allowance in our principal portfolios are presented below.


Principal portfolios that have management adjustments greater than £10m
2017   2016
Total   Total
management   management
adjustments   adjustments
to   to
impairment   Proportion   impairment   Proportion
allowances,   of total   allowances,   of total
including   impairment   including   impairment
forbearance   allowances   forbearance   allowances
As at 31 December   £m   %   £m   %
Barclays UK
UK cards   49   5   312   34
UK home loans   71   72   70   69
UK business lending   70   31   69   33
Barclays International
Corporate Banking   68   11   71   14
Barclays Partner Finance   37   24   59   37

UK cards:
Adoption of new PD models resulted in a
year-on-year
 release of PMAs.

UK home Loans:
 To capture the potential impact from an
increase in the house price to earnings ratio, change in the impairment methodology and increased coverage on interest-only loans maturing in the next five years.


UK business lending:
 To align to impairment policy requirements, potential impact from commercial property price deterioration and the
susceptibility of minimum debt service customers to interest rate rises.

Corporate banking:
Most material adjustment related to
the risk associated with the potential of rate rises impacting low interest cover clients.


Barclays Partner Finance:

Adoption of new PD models resulted in a
year-on-year
 release of PMAs.


114 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Analysis of debt securities


Debt securities include government securities held as part of the Group’s treasury management portfolio for liquidity and regulatory purposes,
and are for use on a continuing basis in the activities of the Group.

The following tables provide an analysis of debt securities held
by the Group for trading and investment purposes by issuer type, and where the Group held government securities exceeding 10% of shareholders’ equity.

Further information on the credit quality of debt securities is presented on pages 100 to 101.


Debt securities
2017   2016
As at 31 December   £m   %   £m   %
Of which issued by:
Governments and other public bodies   69,981   64.5   64,852   63.7
Corporate and other issuers   27,955   25.8   28,284   27.8
US agency   7,868   7.3   6,208   6.1
Mortgage and asset backed securities   2,520   2.3   2,372   2.3
Bank and building society certificates of deposit   21   0.1   23   0.1
Total   108,345   100.0   101,739   100.0
Government securities
As at 31 December   2017 Fair value £m   2016 Fair value £m
United States   21,570   16,284
United Kingdom   19,475   20,145

Analysis of derivatives


The tables below set out the fair values of the derivative assets together with the value of those assets subject to enforceable counterparty
netting arrangements for which the Group holds offsetting liabilities and eligible collateral.


Derivative assets (audited)
2017   2016
As at 31 December   Balance sheet assets £m   Counterparty netting £m   Net exposure £m   Balance sheet assets £m   Counterparty netting £m   Net exposure £m
Foreign exchange   54,943   42,117   12,826   79,744   59,040   20,704
Interest rate   153,043   117,559   35,484   228,652   185,723   42,929
Credit derivatives   12,549   9,952   2,597   16,273   12,891   3,382
Equity and stock index   14,698   12,702   1,996   17,089   12,603   4,486
Commodity derivatives   2,436   1,935   501   4,868   3,345   1,523
Total derivative assets   237,669   184,265   53,404   346,626   273,602   73,024
Cash collateral held   33,092   41,641
Net exposure less collateral   20,312   31,383

Derivative asset exposures would be £217bn (2016: £315bn) lower than reported under IFRS if netting
were permitted for assets and liabilities with the same counterparty or for which the Group holds cash collateral. Similarly, derivative liabilities would be £217bn (2016: £317bn) lower reflecting counterparty netting and collateral
placed. In addition,
non-cash
 collateral of £6bn (2016: £8bn) was held in respect of derivative assets. The Group received collateral from clients in support of over the counter derivative
transactions. These transactions are generally undertaken under International Swaps and Derivative Association (ISDA) agreements governed by either UK or New York law.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 115


Risk review

Risk performance

Credit risk


The table below sets out the fair value and notional amounts of OTC derivative instruments by type of collateral arrangement.


Derivatives by collateral arrangement
2017   2016
Notional contract amount £m   Fair value   Notional contract amount £m   Fair value
Assets £m   Liabilities £m   Assets £m   Liabilities £m
Unilateral in favour of Barclays
Foreign exchange   18,280   484   (345   )   17,713   607   (274   )
Interest rate   5,495   868   (26   )   6,666   1,017   (60   )
Credit derivatives   –   –   –   174   3   (2   )
Equity and stock index   6   3   –   390   3   (147   )
Commodity derivatives   243   –   (9   )   753   33   (26   )
Total unilateral in favour of Barclays   24,024   1,355   (380   )   25,696   1,663   (509   )
Unilateral in favour of counterparty
Foreign exchange   21,052   720   (1,851   )   20,837   786   (2,549   )
Interest rate   74,412   8,458   (9,934   )   108,915   3,795   (5,979   )
Credit derivatives   283   6   (3   )   152   3   (7   )
Equity and stock index   1,030   432   (53   )   1,121   312   (49   )
Commodity derivatives   515   4   (6   )   1,231   67   (66   )
Total unilateral in favour of counterparty   97,292   9,620   (11,847   )   132,256   4,963   (8,650   )
Bilateral arrangement
Foreign exchange   4,318,754   48,660   (46,403   )   3,772,477   70,464   (68,788   )
Interest rate   8,060,574   135,465   (131,334   )   7,335,641   187,155   (179,650   )
Credit derivatives   404,069   7,337   (5,903   )   608,859   11,422   (9,994   )
Equity and stock index   144,255   6,178   (9,099   )   192,448   6,146   (9,692   )
Commodity derivatives   11,801   630   (575   )   11,766   1,318   (1,442   )
Total bilateral arrangement   12,939,453   198,270   (193,314   )   11,921,191   276,505   (269,566   )
Uncollateralised derivatives
Foreign exchange   380,823   4,442   (4,256   )   363,921   7,490   (6,287   )
Interest rate   202,053   4,215   (1,715   )   184,362   5,723   (2,459   )
Credit derivatives   6,808   252   (327   )   5,872   383   (510   )
Equity and stock index   16,448   884   (5,917   )   13,706   2,558   (3,385   )
Commodity derivatives   4,661   60   (266   )   16,389   504   (748   )
Total uncollateralised derivatives   610,793   9,853   (12,481   )   584,250   16,658   (13,389   )
Total OTC derivative assets/(liabilities)   13,671,562   219,098   (218,022   )   12,663,393   299,789   (292,114   )


116 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Market risk


Summary of Contents   Page
Outlines key measures used to summarise the market risk profile of the bank such as value at risk (VaR). A distinction is made
between management and regulatory measures.   ◾ Market risk
overview and summary of performance   118
Provides a Group-wide overview of where assets and liabilities on the Group’s balance sheet are managed within regulatory
traded and non-traded books.   ◾ Balance
sheet view of trading and banking books   119
The Group discloses details on management measures of market risk. Total management VaR includes all trading positions
and is presented on a diversified basis by risk factor. This
section also outlines the macroeconomic conditions modelled as part of the Group’s risk management framework.   ◾ Traded
market risk   120
◾ Review of
management measures   120
– The daily average, maximum and minimum values of management VaR   120
– Business scenario stresses   120
◾ Review of
regulatory measures   121
The Group’s regulatory measures of market risk under the approved internal models approach are also disclosed.   – Analysis of regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and Comprehensive Risk
Measure   121
– Breakdown of the major regulatory risk measures by portfolio   121


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 117


Risk review

Risk performance

Market risk


Market risk


The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities
from fluctuation in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations


All disclosures in this section pages
118 to 121 are
unaudited unless otherwise stated.

Key metrics


Average Management value at risk   -10%
in 2017 at £19m (2016: £21m) remained relatively stable.
This small reduction was driven by a 25% decrease in average credit risk
VaR, primarily due to tighter credit spreads.


Overview of market risk


This section contains key statistics describing the market risk profile of the bank. A distinction is made between regulatory and management
measures within the section. The market risk management section on pages
108 to 115 provides descriptions of these metrics:


◾   page 119 provides a view of market risk in the context of the Group’s balance sheet


◾   page 129 covers the management of market risk. Management measures are shown from page 162 and regulatory equivalent measures are shown from page 163.

Measures of market risk in the


Group and accounting measures


Traded market risk measures such as VaR and balance sheet exposure measures have fundamental differences:


◾   balance sheet measures show accruals-based balances or marked to market values as at the reporting date


◾   VaR measures also take account of current marked to market values, but in addition hedging effects between positions are considered


◾   market risk measures are expressed in terms of changes in value or volatilities as opposed to static values.


For these reasons, it is not possible to present direct reconciliations of traded market risk and accounting measures. The table ‘Balance sheet
split by trading and banking books’, on page
119, helps the reader understand the main categories of assets and liabilities subject to regulatory market risk measures.


Summary of performance in the period

Overall, the Group has maintained a steady risk profile:


◾   measures of traded market risk have been relatively stable over 2017, characterised by a low volatility environment.


118 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Balance sheet view of trading and banking books

As defined by regulatory rules, a trading book consists of positions held for trading intent or to hedge elements of the trading book. Trading intent must be evidenced in the basis of the strategies, policies and procedures set up
by the firm to manage the position or portfolio. The table below provides a Group-wide overview of where assets and liabilities on the Group’s balance sheet are managed within regulatory traded and

non-traded
 books.

The balance sheet split by trading book and banking books is shown on an IFRS
accounting scope of consolidation. The reconciliation between the accounting and regulatory scope of consolidation is shown in the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017.


Balance sheet split by trading and banking books
Banking book a   Trading book   Total
As at 31 December 2017   £m   £m   £m
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   –   171,082
Items in course of collection from other banks   2,153   –   2,153
Trading portfolio assets   1,555   112,205   113,760
Financial assets designated at fair value   7,874   108,407   116,281
Derivative financial instruments   924   236,745   237,669
Financial investments   58,916   –   58,916
Loans and advances to banks   32,464   3,199   35,663
Loans and advances to customers   343,771   21,781   365,552
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12,546   –   12,546
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets   2,389   –   2,389
Investments in associates and joint ventures   718   –   718
Property, plant and equipment   2,572   –   2,572
Goodwill and intangible assets   7,849   –   7,849
Current tax assets   482   –   482
Deferred tax assets   3,457   –   3,457
Retirement benefit assets   966   –   966
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   1,193   –   1,193
Total assets   650,911   482,337   1,133,248
Deposits from banks   35,337   2,386   37,723
Items in course of collection due to other banks   446   –   446
Customer accounts   415,783   13,338   429,121
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   40,338   –   40,338
Trading portfolio liabilities   –   37,351   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   4,368   169,350   173,718
Derivative financial instruments   389   237,956   238,345
Debt securities in issue   73,314   –   73,314
Subordinated liabilities   23,826   –   23,826
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   8,565   –   8,565
Provisions   3,543   –   3,543
Current tax liabilities   586   –   586
Deferred tax liabilities   44   –   44
Retirement benefit liabilities   312   –   312
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   –   –   –
Total liabilities   606,851   460,381   1,067,232

Note


a   The primary risk factors for banking book assets and liabilities are interest rates and to a lesser extent, foreign exchange rates. Credit spreads and equity prices will also be factors where the
Group holds debt and equity securities respectively, either as financial assets designated at fair value (see Note 14) or as available for sale (see Note 16) of the financial statements.


Included within the trading book are assets and liabilities which are included in the market risk regulatory measures. For more information on these
measures (VaR, SVaR, IRC and CRM) see page 334.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 119


Risk review

Risk performance

Market risk


Traded market risk review


Review of management measures


The following disclosures provide details on management measures of market risk. See the risk management section on pages 332 to 333 for more detail
on management measures and the differences when compared to regulatory measures.

The table below shows the total Management VaR on a
diversified basis by risk factor. Total Management VaR includes all trading positions in CIB and Head Office.

Limits are applied against
each risk factor VaR as well as total Management VaR, which are then cascaded further by risk managers to each business.

The daily
average, maximum and minimum values of management VaR


Management VaR (95%, one day) (audited)
2017   2016
For the year ended 31 December a   Average £m   High b £m   Low b £m   Average £m   High b £m   Low b £m
Credit risk   12   18   8   16   24   9
Interest rate risk   8   15   4   7   13   4
Equity risk   8   14   4   7   11   4
Basis risk   5   6   3   5   9   3
Spread risk   5   8   3   3   5   2
Foreign exchange risk   3   7   2   3   5   2
Commodity risk   2   3   1   2   4   1
Inflation risk   2   4   1   2   3   2
Diversification effect b   (26   )   n/a   n/a   (24   )   n/a   n/a
Total management VaR   19   26   14   21   29   13

Notes


a   Includes BAGL.


b   Diversification effects recognise that forecast losses from different assets or businesses are unlikely to occur concurrently, hence the expected aggregate loss is lower than the sum of the
expected losses from each area. Historic correlations between losses are taken into account in making these assessments. The high and low VaR figures reported for each category did not necessarily occur on the same day as the high and low VaR
reported as a whole. Consequently a diversification effect balance for the high and low VaR figures would not be meaningful and is therefore omitted from the above table.


Management VaR remained relatively stable
year-on-year
 characterised
by a low volatility environment. The
year-on-year
 reduction in Credit VaR was driven primarily by tighter credit spreads.


Group Management VaR
a
 (£m)


Business Scenario Stresses


As part of the Group’s risk management framework, on a regular basis the performance of the trading business in hypothetical scenarios
characterised by severe macroeconomic conditions is modelled. Up to seven global scenarios are modelled on a regular basis, for example, a sharp deterioration in liquidity, a slowdown in the global economy, global recession, and a sharp increase in
economic growth.

In 2017, the scenario analyses showed that the largest market risk related impacts would be due to a severe
deterioration in financial liquidity and global recession.


120 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Review of regulatory measures

The
following disclosures provide details on regulatory measures of market risk. See page 334 for more detail on regulatory measures and the differences when compared to management measures.


The Group’s market risk capital requirement comprises of two elements:


◾   the market risk of trading book positions booked to legal entities are measured under a PRA approved internal models approach, including Regulatory VaR, Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR), Incremental
Risk Charge (IRC) and Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM) as required


◾   the trading book positions that do not meet the conditions for inclusion within the approved internal models approach are calculated using standardised rules.


The table below summarises the regulatory market risk measures, under the internal models approach. See Table 76: MR1-A - Market Risk - own fund
requirements on page 97 of the Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017 for a breakdown of capital requirements by approach.


Analysis of Regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and Comprehensive Risk Measure a
Year-end £m   Avg. £m   Max £m   Min £m
As at 31 December 2017
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   28   27   39   19
Regulatory VaR (10-day) b   90   85   123   60
SVaR (1-day)   59   63   105   41
SVaR (10-day) b   186   200   331   130
IRC   188   202   326   142
CRM   –   1   2   –
As at 31 December 2016
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   33   26   34   18
Regulatory VaR (10-day) b   105   84   108   57
SVaR (1-day)   65   56   75   34
SVaR (10-day) b   205   178   236   109
IRC   154   155   238   112
CRM   2   5   12   2

Notes


a   Includes BAGL.


b   The 10 day VaR is based on scaling of 1 day VaR model output since VaR is currently not modelled for a 10 day holding period. More information about Regulatory and Stressed VaR methodology is
available in Barclays Pillar 3 Report 2017.

Overall, there was an increase in IRC in 2017, with no significant movements
in other internal model components:


◾   Regulatory VaR/SVaR: Average VaR/SVaR was broadly unchanged compared to the previous year.


◾   IRC: Increase was mainly driven by positional increases.


◾   CRM: Reduced to zero as the final positions matured in a specific legacy portfolio.


Breakdown of the major regulatory risk measures by portfolio a
As at 31 December 2017   Macro £m   Equities £m   Credit £m   Barclays International Treasury £m   Banking £m   Group Treasury £m   Barclays Non-Core £m   Financial Resource Management b £m
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   13   6   19   –   5   6   –   8
Regulatory VaR (10-day)   42   20   59   –   16   18   –   25
SVaR (1-day)   23   11   41   –   10   11   –   20
SVaR (10-day)   72   35   130   1   30   35   –   64
IRC   203   5   270   –   1   10   –   65
CRM   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Breakdown of the major regulatory risk measures by portfolio a
As at 31 December 2016   Macro £m   Equities £m   Credit £m   Barclays International Treasury £m   Banking £m   Group Treasury £m   Barclays Non-Core £m   Financial Resource Management b £m
Regulatory VaR (1-day)   14   12   6   14   12   5   6   –
Regulatory VaR (10-day)   44   38   20   45   40   15   21   –
SVaR (1-day)   22   43   7   30   18   9   22   –
SVaR (10-day)   69   137   24   95   58   30   69   –
IRC   220   8   146   196   25   10   18   –
CRM   –   –   –   –   –   –   2   –

Note


a   Excludes BAGL.


b   The movement from Barclays International Treasury to Financial Resource Management was due to changes in the hierarchy.


The table above shows the primary portfolios which are driving the trading businesses’ modelled capital requirement as at 2017 year end. The
standalone portfolio results diversify at the total level and are not additive. Regulatory VaR, SVaR, IRC and CRM in the prior table show the diversified results at a group level.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 121


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and capital risk


Summary of
Contents   Page
Liquidity risk performance
The risk that the firm, although solvent, either   ◾ Liquidity
overview and summary of performance   124
does not have sufficient financial resources   ◾ Liquidity
risk stress testing   124
available to enable it to meet its obligations   – Liquidity Risk Appetite   125
as they fall due, or can secure such resources   – Liquidity regulation   125
only at excessive cost.   – Internal and regulatory stress tests   125
This section provides an overview of the
Group’s liquidity risk.
The liquidity pool is held unencumbered and   ◾ Liquidity pool   126
is not used to support payment or clearing   – Composition of the liquidity pool   126
requirements. The liquidity pool is intended   – Liquidity pool by currency   126
to offset stress outflows, and comprises the   – Management of the Group liquidity pool   126
following cash and unencumbered assets.   – Contingent liquidity   127
The basis for sound liquidity risk   ◾ Funding
structure and funding relationships   127
management is a solid funding structure that   – Deposit funding   127
reduces the probability of a liquidity stress   – Behavioural maturity profile   128
leading to an inability to meet funding   – Wholesale funding   128
obligations as they fall due.
Asset encumbrance arises from collateral   ◾ Encumbrance   129
pledged against secured funding and other   – On-balance sheet   130
collateralised obligations. Barclays funds a   – Off-balance sheet   130
portion of trading portfolio assets and other   – Repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements   131
securities via repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing, and pledges a portion of customer loans and advances as collateral in securitisation, covered bond
and other similar secured structures.
In addition to monitoring and managing key   ◾ Credit
ratings   132
metrics related to the financial strength of the
Group, Barclays solicits independent credit ratings.
These ratings
assess the creditworthiness of the Group, its subsidiaries and branches and are based on reviews of a broad range of business and financial attributes including risk management processes and procedures, capital strength, earnings, funding, asset
quality, liquidity, accounting and governance.
Provides details on the contractual maturity   ◾ Contractual
maturity of financial assets and liabilities   133
of all financial instruments and other assets and liabilities.


122 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Page
Capital risk performance
Capital risk is the risk that the firm has an   ◾ Capital risk
overview and summary of performance   137
insufficient level or composition of capital to   ◾ Regulatory
minimum capital and leverage requirements   138
support its normal business activities and to   –  Capital   138
meet its regulatory capital requirements   –  Leverage   138
under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This also includes the
risk from the firm’s pension plans.
This section details Barclays’ capital position providing information on both capital resources and capital requirements.
It also provides details of the leverage ratios and exposures.
This section outlines the Group’s capital   ◾ Analysis of capital
resources   139
ratios, capital composition, and provides   –  Capital ratios   139
information on significant movements in   –  Capital resources   139
CET1 capital during the year.   –  Movement in CET1 capital   140
This section outlines risk weighted assets by   ◾ Analysis of risk
weighted assets   141
risk type, business and macro drivers.   –  Risk weighted assets by risk type and business   141
–  Movement analysis of risk weighted assets   141
This section outlines the Group’s leverage   ◾ Analysis of
leverage ratios and exposures   142
ratios, leverage exposure composition, and   –  Leverage ratios and exposures   142
provides information on significant movements in the IFRS and leverage balance sheet.
The Group discloses the two sources of foreign   ◾ Foreign exchange
risk   143
exchange risk that it is exposed to.   –  Transactional foreign currency exposure   143
–  Translational foreign exchange exposure   143
–  Functional currency of operations   143
A review focusing on the UK retirement fund,   ◾ Pension risk
review   144
which represents the majority of the Group’s   –  Assets and Liabilities   144
total retirement benefit obligation.   –  IAS19 Position   144
–  Risk Measurement   145
This section outlines the Group’s Minimum   ◾ Minimum requirement
for own funds and eligible liabilities   145
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) position and ratios.
Interest rate risk in the banking book performance
A description of the non-traded market risk framework is provided. The Group discloses a
sensitivity analysis on pre-tax net interest income for non-trading financial assets and liabilities. The analysis is carried out by Business Unit and
currency. The Group measures some non-traded market risks, in particular prepayment, recruitment, and residual risk using an Economic Capital methodology The Group discloses the overall impact of a parallel shift in interest rates on Available for Sale and cash flow hedges. The Group measures the volatility of the value of the Available for Sale
instruments in the liquidity pool through non-traded market risk VaR.   ◾ Interest rate risk
in the banking book overview and summary of performance   146
◾ Net interest income
sensitivity   147
–  by business unit   147
–  by currency   147
◾ Economic Capital by
business unit   147
◾ Analysis of equity
sensitivity   148
◾ Volatility of the
available for sale portfolio in the liquidity pool   148


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 123


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Liquidity risk

The risk that the firm is unable to meet its contractual or
contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets.


All disclosures in this section (pages 124 to 136) are unaudited and exclude BAGL unless otherwise stated.


Key metrics


LCR   154%
The Group strengthened its liquidity position during the year, increasing its surplus to internal and regulatory requirements.
Term Issuance   £12bn
The Group maintains access to stable and diverse sources of funding across customer deposits and wholesale
debt.


Overview

The Group has a comprehensive Key Risk Control Framework for managing the Group’s liquidity risk. The Liquidity Framework meets the PRA’s standards and is designed to maintain that the Group’s liquidity resources are
sufficient in amount and quality, and a funding profile that is appropriate to meet the liquidity risk appetite. The Liquidity Framework is delivered via a combination of policy formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit
setting and monitoring.

This section provides an analysis of the Group’s: i) summary of performance, ii) liquidity risk stress
testing, iii) liquidity pool, iv) funding structure and funding relationships, v) encumbrance, vi) credit ratings, and vii) contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities.


For further detail on liquidity risk governance and framework see pages 343 to 345.


Summary of performance in the period

The Group continued to maintain surpluses to its internal and regulatory requirements. The liquidity pool increased to £220bn (December 2016: £165bn) reflecting the approach of holding a conservative liquidity position
and through net deposit growth, the unwind of legacy
Non-Core
 portfolios, money market borrowing and drawdown from the Bank of England Term Funding Scheme. The Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) increased to 154%
(December 2016: 131%), equivalent to a surplus of £75bn (December 2016: £39bn) to 100%.

Wholesale funding outstanding
excluding repurchase agreements was £157bn (December 2016: £158bn). The Group issued £11.5bn equivalent of capital and senior unsecured debt from Barclays PLC (the Parent company) of which £6.1bn was in public senior
unsecured debt, and £5.4bn in capital instruments. In the same period £6.1bn of Barclays Bank PLC capital and senior public term instruments either matured or were redeemed, including the $1.375bn 7.1% Series 3 USD preference shares.


Liquidity risk stress testing

Under the Liquidity Framework, the Group has established a Liquidity Risk Appetite (LRA) together with the appropriate limits for the management of the liquidity risk. This is the level of liquidity risk the Group chooses to take in
pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations. The key expression of the liquidity risk is through internal stress tests. It is measured with reference to the liquidity pool compared to anticipated net stressed
outflows for specific scenarios.


124 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Liquidity Risk Appetite

As
part of the LRA, the Group runs three short term liquidity stress scenarios, aligned to the PRA’s prescribed stresses:


◾   90-day market-wide stress event


◾   30-day Barclays-specific stress event


◾   combined 30-day market-wide and Barclays-specific stress event.


Under normal market conditions, the liquidity pool is managed to be at a target of at least 100% of anticipated outflows under each of these stress
scenarios. The
30-day
 combined stress scenario, results in the greatest net outflows of each of the liquidity stress tests. The combined LRA scenario has been enhanced and improved to capture a Barclays
specific stress coinciding with a market stress over the full stress horizon. As part of the LRA, Barclays also establishes the minimum LCR limit. Barclays also evaluates its long-term LRA, one year stress test based on prolonged closure of capital
markets.

Key LRA assumptions include:


For the year ended 31 December 2017


Drivers of Liquidity Risk   LRA Combined stress - key assumptions
Wholesale Secured   ◾ Zero
rollover of maturing wholesale unsecured funding
and Unsecured   ◾ Loss of repo
capacity on non-extremely liquid repos at contractual maturity date
Funding Risk   ◾ Roll of repo
for extremely liquid repo at wider haircut at contractual maturity date
◾ Withdrawal
of contractual buyback obligations, excess client futures margin, Prime Brokerage client cash and overlifts
◾ Haircuts applied to the market value of marketable assets held in the liquidity buffer
Retail and Corporate   ◾ Retail and
Corporate deposit outflows as counterparties seek to diversify their deposit balances
Funding Risk
Intra-day Liquidity Risk   ◾ Liquidity held against intraday requirements for the settlement of cash and securities under a stress
Intra-Group Liquidity Risk   ◾ Liquidity support for material subsidiaries. Surplus liquidity held within certain subsidiaries is not taken as a benefit to the   wider
Group
Cross-Currency Liquidity Risk   ◾ Currency liquidity cash flows at contractual maturity for physically settled FX forwards and cross currency swaps
Off-balance Sheet   ◾ Drawdown on
committed facilities based on facility and counterparty type
Liquidity Risk   ◾ Collateral
outflows due to a 2 notch credit rating downgrade
◾ Increase in
the Group’s initial margin requirement across all major exchanges
◾ Variation
margin outflows from collateralised risk positions
◾ Outflow of
collateral owing but not called
◾ Loss of internal sources of funding within the Prime Brokerage synthetics business
Franchise-Viability Risk   ◾ Liquidity held in order to meet outflows that are non-contractual in nature, but are necessary in order to support the
firm’s   ongoing franchise (e.g. debt buybacks)
Funding Concentration Risk   ◾ Liquidity held against largest wholesale funding counterparty refusing to roll

Liquidity regulation


The Group monitors its position against the CRD IV Delegated Act Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) and the Basel III Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR).


The LCR is designed to promote short-term resilience of a bank’s liquidity risk profile by holding sufficient High Quality Liquid
Assets to survive an acute stress scenario lasting for 30 days. The NSFR has a time horizon of 12 months and has been developed to promote a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities.


The CRD IV LCR became effective on 1 October 2015, with a minimum ratio requirement in the UK of 80% as at 31 December 2016; this
increased to 90% on 1 January 2017 and then to 100% on 1 January 2018. As of 31 December 2017, the Group reported a CRD IV LCR of 154% (2016: 131%).


In October 2014, the BCBS published a standard for the NSFR with the minimum requirement. On 23 November 2016 the European Commission published
draft amendments to the CRR including its proposed implementation of NSFR in the EU. This proposal made a number of changes from the Basel NSFR, particularly in the treatment of derivative and secured financing transactions. In October 2017, the
BCBS agreed to allow national discretion for the NSFR’s treatment of derivative liabilities. Barclays continues to assess the impact of these changes on its NSFR ratio, and notes that NSFR is not proposed to be a binding regulation in the EU
until two years after the European legislation is finalised. We remain above 100% well ahead of implementation timelines, based on a conservative interpretation of the Basel rules.


Internal and regulatory liquidity stress tests

The LRA short term stress scenarios and the CRD IV LCR are comparable, in the sense that adequacy of defined liquidity resources is assessed against net stressed outflows over a short term stress horizon. The CRD IV LCR stress tests
provide an independent assessment of the Group’s liquidity risk profile.


Stress Test   Barclays short term LRA   CRD IV LCR
Time Horizon   30 - 90 days   30 days
Calculation   Liquid assets to net cash outflows   Liquid assets to net cash outflows

As at December 2017, the Group held eligible liquid assets well in excess of 100% of net stress outflows for both
the 30 day combined market and Barclays specific LRA scenario and the LCR.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 125


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Compliance with internal and regulatory stress tests
As at 31 December 2017   Barclays’ Short Term LRA (30 day combined requirement) £bn   a,b   CRD IV LCR £bn   b
Eligible liquidity buffer   220   215
Net stress outflows   (175   )   (140   )
Surplus   45   75
Liquidity pool as a percentage of anticipated net outflows as at 31 December 2017   126%   154%
Liquidity pool as a percentage of anticipated net outflows as at 31 December 2016   120%   131%

Notes


a   Of the three stress scenarios monitored as part of the short term LRA, the 30 day combined stress scenario results in the lowest ratio at 126% (2016: 144%). This compares to 139% (2016: 134%) under
the 90 day market-wide scenario and 131% (2016: 120%) under the 30 day Barclays specific scenario.


b   31 December 2016 reflects the Barclays specific scenario results of 120% being the lowest ratio of the three scenarios. LCR and LRA includes BAGL in 2016.


The Group plans to maintain its surplus to the internal and regulatory stress requirements at an efficient level, while considering risks to market
funding conditions and its liquidity position. The continuous reassessment of these risks may lead to appropriate actions being taken with respect to sizing of the liquidity pool.


Liquidity pool

The Group
liquidity pool as at 31 December 2017 was £220bn (2016: £165bn). During 2017, the
month-end
 liquidity pool ranged from £165bn to £232bn (2016: £132bn to £175bn), and
the
month-end
 average balance was £202bn (2016: £153bn). The liquidity pool is held unencumbered and is not used to support payment or clearing requirements. Such requirements are treated as part
of our regular business funding. The liquidity pool is intended to offset stress outflows, and comprises the following cash and unencumbered assets.


Composition of the Group liquidity pool as at 31 December 2017
Liquidity pool of which CRD IV LCR
eligible   2016
Liquidity pool £bn   Cash £bn   Level 1 £bn   Level 2A £bn   Liquidity pool £bn
Cash and deposits with central banks a   173   169   –   –   103
Government bonds b
AAA to AA-   31   –   29   –
BBB+ to BBB-   2   –   2   –
Other LCR Ineligible Government bonds   1   –   –   –
Total government bonds   34   –   31   –   39
Other
Government Guaranteed Issuers, PSEs and GSEs   6   –   5   2
International Organisations and MDBs   4   –   4   –
Covered bonds   2   –   2   –
Other   1   –   1   –
Total Other   13   –   12   2   23
Total as at 31 December 2017   220   169   43   2
Total as at 31 December 2016   165   101   55   3

Notes


a   Of which over 99% (2016: over 98%) was placed with the Bank of England, US Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan and Swiss National Bank.


b   Of which over 84% (2016: over 90%) are comprised of UK, US, Japanese, French, German, Danish, Swiss and Dutch securities.


The Group liquidity pool is well diversified by major currency and the Group monitors LRA stress scenarios for major currencies.


Liquidity pool by currency
USD   EUR   GBP   Other   Total
£bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn
Liquidity pool as at 31 December 2017   70   55   71   24   220
Liquidity pool as at 31 December 2016   44   36   49   36   165

Management of the Group liquidity pool


The composition of the liquidity pool is subject to limits set by the Board and the independent liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk
functions. In addition, the investment of the liquidity pool is monitored for concentration risk by issuer, currency and asset type. Given the incremental returns generated by these highly liquid assets, the risk and reward profile is continuously
managed.

As at 31 December 2017, 93% (2016: 91%) of the liquidity pool was located in Barclays Bank PLC and was available to meet
liquidity needs across the Group. The residual liquidity pool is held predominantly within Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI), a subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC. The portion of the liquidity pool outside of Barclays Bank PLC is held against entity-specific
stressed outflows and regulatory requirements. To the extent the use of this portion of the liquidity pool is restricted due to regulatory requirements, it is assumed to be unavailable to the rest of the Group.


126 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Contingent liquidity

In
addition to the Group liquidity pool, the Group has access to other unencumbered assets which provide a source of contingent liquidity. While these are not relied on in the Group’s LRA, a portion of these assets may be monetised in a stress to
generate liquidity through use as collateral for secured funding or through outright sale.

In a Barclays-specific, market-wide or
combined liquidity stress, liquidity available via market sources could be severely disrupted. In circumstances where market liquidity is unavailable or available only at heavily discounted prices, the Group could generate liquidity via central bank
facilities. The Group maintains a significant amount of collateral
pre-positioned
 at central banks and available to raise funding.


For more detail on the Group’s other unencumbered assets see page 129.


Funding structure and funding relationships

The basis for sound liquidity risk management is a solid funding structure that reduces the probability of a liquidity stress leading to an inability to meet funding obligations as they fall due. The Group’s overall funding
strategy is to develop a diversified funding base (geographically, by type and by counterparty) and maintain access to a variety of alternative funding sources, to provide protection against unexpected fluctuations, while minimising the cost of
funding.

Within this, the Group aims to align the sources and uses of funding. As such, retail and corporate loans and advances are
largely funded by customer deposits, with the surplus primarily funding the liquidity pool. Other assets, together with other loans and advances to customers and unencumbered assets are funded by wholesale debt and equity. The majority of reverse
repurchase agreements are matched by repurchase agreements. Derivative liabilities and assets are largely matched. A substantial proportion of balance sheet derivative positions qualify for counterparty netting and the remaining portions are largely
offset once netted against cash collateral received and paid.

These funding relationships are summarised below:


Assets   2017 £bn   2016 £bn   Liabilities   2017 £bn   2016 £bn
Loans and advances to customers a   313   326   Customer accounts a   387   374
Group liquidity pool   220   165   < 1 Year wholesale funding   57   70
> 1 Year wholesale funding   100   88
Other assets b   89   185   Equity and other liabilities   78   151
Reverse repurchase agreements, trading portfolio assets, cash collateral and settlement balances c   273   190   Repurchase agreements, trading portfolio liabilities, cash collateral and settlement balances   273   190
Derivative financial instruments   238   347   Derivative financial instruments   238   340
Total assets   1,133   1,213   Total liabilities   1,133   1,213


Deposit funding (audited)
2017   2016
Funding of loans and advances to customers As at 31 December 2017   Loans and advances to customers £bn   Customer deposits £bn   Loan to deposit ratio %   Loan to deposit ratio %
Barclays UK   184   193
Barclays International   101   162
Total retail and corporate funding d   285   355   80%   89%
Barclays International and Head Office   81   74
Total Barclays Group   366   429   85%   93%

Notes


a   Excludes cash collateral and settlement balances.


b   Other assets include trading portfolio assets that are not part of repurchase agreements, loans and advances to banks and other asset categories.


c   Includes reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending and trading portfolio assets that are part of repurchase agreements.


d   Excludes investment banking balances other than interest earning lending. Comparatives have been restated to include interest earning lending balances within the investment banking business.

As at 31 December 2017, £153bn (2016: £139bn) of total customer deposits were insured through the UK
Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) and other similar schemes. In addition to these customer deposits £4bn (2016: £4bn) of other liabilities are insured by governments.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 127


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Although contractually current accounts are repayable on demand and savings accounts at short notice, the Group’s broad base of customers,
numerically and by depositor type, helps protect against unexpected fluctuations in balances. Such accounts form a stable funding base for the Group’s operations and liquidity needs. The Group assesses the behavioural maturity of both customer
assets and liabilities to identify structural balance sheet funding gaps. Customer behaviour is determined by quantitative modelling combined with qualitative assessment taking into account historical experience, current customer composition, and
macroeconomic projections. These behavioural profiles represent our forward looking expectation of the
run-off
 profile.


Behavioural maturity profile
Behavioural maturity profile cash outflow/(inflow)
Loans and advances to customers £bn   Customer deposits £bn   Customer funding surplus/ (deficit) £bn   Not more than
one year £bn   Over one year but not more than five years £bn   More than five years £bn
As at 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   184   193   9   1   (19   )   27
Barclays International a   101   162   61   6   19   36
Total   285   355   70   7   -   63
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   166   189   23   (2   )   (19   )   44
Barclays International a   118   152   34   (6   )   7   33
Barclays Non-Core   19   –   (19   )   (1   )   (6   )   (12   )
Total   303   341   38   (9   )   (18   )   65

Note


a   Excludes investment banking balances other than interest earning lending. Comparatives have been restated to include interest earning lending balances within the investment banking business.

Wholesale funding
a


The Group maintains access to a variety of sources of wholesale funds in major currencies, including those available from term investors across a
variety of distribution channels and geographies, money markets, and repo markets. The Group has direct access to US, European and Asian capital markets through its global investment banking operations and long-term investors through its clients
worldwide, and is an active participant in money markets. As a result, wholesale funding is well diversified by product, maturity, geography and major currency.


As at 31 December 2017, the Group’s total wholesale funding outstanding (excluding repurchase agreements) was £157.4bn (2016:
£157.8bn), of which £20.4bn (2016: £25.8bn) was secured funding and £137.0bn (2016: £132.0bn) unsecured funding. Unsecured funding includes £44.8bn (2016: £37.6bn) of privately placed senior unsecured notes
issued through a variety of distribution channels including intermediaries and private banks.

During the year, the Group issued
£11.5bn equivalent of capital and senior unsecured debt from Barclays PLC (the Parent company), of which £6.1bn was in public senior unsecured debt and £5.4bn in capital instruments. In the same period, £6.1bn of Barclays
Bank PLC capital and senior public term instruments either matured or were redeemed, including the $1.375bn 7.1% Series 3 USD preference shares.

As at 31 December 2017 wholesale funding of £57.2bn (2016: £70.3bn) matures in less than one year, of which £13.8bn
b
 (2016: £21.5bn)
 relates to term funding. Although not a requirement, the liquidity pool exceeded the wholesale funding maturing in less than one year by £163bn (2016: £95bn).


The Group expects to continue issuing public wholesale debt in 2018 from Barclays PLC (the Parent company), in order to maintain compliance with
indicative MREL requirements and maintain a stable and diverse funding base by type, currency and market.


128 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Maturity profile of wholesale
funding b
<1 month   1-3 months   3-6 months   6-12 months   <1 year   1-2 years   2-3 years   3-4 years   4-5 years   >5 years   Total
£bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn   £bn
Barclays PLC
Senior unsecured (Public benchmark)   –   0.7   –   0.1   0.8   1.5   1.0   4.2   4.0   9.6   21.1
Senior unsecured (Privately placed)   –   –   –   0.1   0.1   –   –   0.2   –   0.5   0.8
Subordinated liabilities   –   –   –   –   –   –   1.1   –   –   5.4   6.5
Barclays Bank PLC (including subsidiaries)
Deposits from banks   5.4   4.7   0.7   0.6   11.4   0.1   0.1   0.3   –   –   11.9
Certificates of deposit and commercial paper   2.4   8.1   7.1   7.0   24.6   1.2   0.8   0.6   0.4   0.1   27.7
Asset backed commercial paper   1.9   4.1   0.4   –   6.4   –   –   –   –   –   6.4
Senior unsecured (Public benchmark)   –   –   –   –   –   2.5   0.6   0.6   –   1.1   4.8
Senior unsecured (Privately placed) c   0.5   0.9   3.6   2.9   7.9   9.9   6.7   1.8   3.1   14.6   44.0
Covered bonds   –   1.0   –   –   1.0   1.8   1.0   1.0   2.4   1.3   8.5
Asset backed securities   –   –   0.6   0.2   0.8   1.7   1.0   –   0.1   1.8   5.4
Subordinated liabilities   2.3   0.1   0.8   –   3.2   0.1   0.8   5.2   3.5   4.5   17.3
Other d   0.5   –   0.1   0.4   1.0   0.2   0.2   0.3   –   1.3   3.0
Total as at 31 December 2017   13.0   19.6   13.3   11.3   57.2   19.0   13.3   14.2   13.5   40.2   157.4
Of which secured   1.9   5.1   1.1   0.2   8.3   3.5   2.0   1.0   2.5   3.1   20.4
Of which unsecured   11.1   14.5   12.2   11.1   48.9   15.5   11.3   13.2   11.0   37.1   137.0
Total as at 31 December 2016   16.6   17.3   16.4   20.0   70.3   14.3   14.4   8.6   14.1   36.1   157.8
Of which secured   3.7   5.6   3.4   2.3   15.0   1.8   3.2   0.4   1.0   4.4   25.8
Of which unsecured   12.9   11.7   13.0   17.7   55.3   12.5   11.2   8.2   13.1   31.7   132.0

Notes


a   The composition of wholesale funds comprises the balance sheet reported deposits from banks, financial liabilities at fair value, debt securities in issue and subordinated liabilities, excluding
cash collateral and settlement balances and collateral swaps. It does not include participation in central bank facilities reported within repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing.


b   Term funding comprises public benchmark and privately placed senior unsecured notes, covered bonds, asset-backed securities (ABS) and subordinated debt where the original maturity of the instrument
was more than 1 year.


c   Includes structured notes of £33.4bn, £7.2bn of which matures within 1 year.


d   Primarily comprised of fair value deposits of £1.7bn.


Currency composition of wholesale debt

As at 31 December 2017, the proportion of wholesale funding by major currencies was as follows:


Currency composition of wholesale funding
USD %   EUR %   GBP %   Other %
Deposits from banks   48   21   27   4
Certificates of deposits and commercial paper   50   40   9   1
Asset backed commercial paper   85   10   5   –
Senior unsecured (public benchmark)   59   23   12   6
Senior unsecured (Privately placed)   46   28   10   16
Covered bonds/ABS   30   42   28   –
Subordinated liabilities   40   30   29   1
Total as at 31 December 2017   50   28   10   12
Total as at 31 December 2016   48   32   16   4

To manage cross-currency refinancing risk, the Group manages to foreign exchange cash flow limits, which limit risk
at specific maturities.

Encumbrance

Asset encumbrance arises from collateral pledged against secured funding and other collateralised obligations. Barclays funds a portion of trading portfolio assets and other securities via repurchase agreements and other similar
borrowing, and pledges a portion of customer loans and advances as collateral in securitisation, covered bond and other similar secured structures. Barclays monitors the mix of secured and unsecured funding sources within the Group’s funding
plan and seeks to efficiently utilise available collateral to raise secured funding and meet other collateral requirements.

Encumbered
assets have been defined consistently with the Group’s reporting requirements under Article 100 of the CRR. Securities and commodities assets are considered encumbered when they have been pledged or used to secure, collateralise or credit
enhance a transaction which impacts their transferability and free use. This includes external repurchase or other similar agreements with market counterparts.


Excluding assets positioned at central banks, as at 31 December 2017, £193bn (2016: £168bn) of the Group’s assets were
encumbered, primarily due to cash collateral posted, firm financing of trading portfolio assets and other securities and funding secured against loans and advances to customers.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 129


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Assets may also be encumbered under secured funding arrangements with central banks. In advance of such encumbrance, assets are often positioned
with central banks to facilitate efficient future draw down. £70bn (2016: £63bn) of
on-balance
 sheet assets were positioned at the central banks, consisting of encumbered assets and collateral
pre-positioned
 and available for use in secured financing transactions.

£342bn (2016:
£277bn) of on and off balance sheet assets not positioned at the central bank were identified as readily available for use in secured financing transactions. Additionally, they include cash and securities held in the Group liquidity pool as
well as unencumbered assets which provide a source of contingent liquidity. While these additional assets are not relied upon in the Group’s LRA, a portion of these assets may be monetised to generate liquidity through use as collateral for
secured funding or through outright sale. Loans and advances to customers are only classified as readily available if they are already in a form, such that, they can be used to raise funding without further management actions. This includes excess
collateral already in secured funding vehicles.

£198bn (2016: £231bn) of assets not positioned at the central bank were
identified as available as collateral. These assets are not subject to any restrictions on their ability to secure funding, to be offered as collateral, or to be sold to reduce potential future funding requirements, but are not immediately available
in the normal course of business in their current form. They primarily consist of loans and advances which would be suitable for use in secured funding structures but are conservatively classified as not readily available because they are not in
transferable form.

Not available as collateral consists of assets that cannot be pledged or used as security for funding due to
restrictions that prevent their pledge or use as security for funding in the normal course of business.

Derivatives and reverse repo
assets relate specifically to derivatives, reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending. These are shown separately as these
on-balance
 sheet assets cannot be pledged. However, these assets
can give rise to the receipt of
non-cash
 assets which are held off balance sheet, and can be used to raise secured funding or meet additional funding requirements.


In addition, £548bn (2016: £406bn) of the total £608bn (2016: £466bn) securities accepted as collateral, and held
off-balance
 sheet, were
on-pledged,
 the significant majority of which related to matched-book activity where reverse repurchase agreements are matched by repurchase agreements
entered into to facilitate client activity. The remainder relates primarily to reverse repurchase agreements used to settle trading portfolio liabilities as well as collateral posted against derivatives margin requirements.


Asset encumbrance
Assets encumbered as a result of
transactions with counterparties other than central banks   Other assets (comprising assets encumbered at the central bank and unencumbered assets)
Assets   Assets not positioned at the central
bank
On-balance sheet As at 31 December 2017   Assets £bn   As a result of covered bonds £bn   As a result of securitis- ations £bn   Other £bn   Total £bn   positioned at the central banks £bn   b   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn   Derivatives and Reverse repos £bn   Total £bn
Cash and balances at central banks   171.1   –   –   –   –   –   171.1   –   –   –   171.1
Trading portfolio assets   113.8   –   –   73.9   73.9   –   39.9   –   –   –   39.9
Financial assets at fair value   116.3   –   –   4.8   4.8   –   1.5   10.0   –   100.0   111.5
Derivative financial instruments   237.7   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   237.7   237.7
Loans and advances – banks a   11.1   –   –   –   –   –   3.2   7.0   0.9   –   11.1
Loans and advances – customers a   312.9   11.2   18.4   13.0   42.6   70.0   20.9   179.4   –   –   270.3
Cash collateral   58.6   –   –   56.4   56.4   –   2.2   –   –   –   2.2
Settlement balances   18.6   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   18.6   –   18.6
Financial investments   58.9   –   –   15.5   15.5   –   43.0   0.4   –   –   43.4
Reverse repurchase agreements   12.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   12.5   12.5
Non current assets held for sale   1.2   –   –   –   –   –   –   1.2   –   –   1.2
Other financial assets   20.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   20.5   –   20.5
Total on-balance sheet   1,133.2   11.2   18.4   163.6   193.2   70.0   281.8   198.0   40.0   350.2   940.0


Off-balance sheet
Collateral received £bn   Collateral received of
which on- pledged £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   608.4   547.6   60.1   –   0.7
Total unencumbered collateral   –   –   341.9   198.0   40.7

Notes


a Excluding cash collateral and settlement balances.


b Includes both encumbered and unencumbered assets. Assets within this category that have been encumbered are
disclosed as assets pledged in Note 40 to the financial statements page
266.


130 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Asset encumbrance
Assets encumbered as a result of transactions with counterparties other than
central banks   Other assets (comprising assets encumbered
at the central bank and unencumbered assets)
Assets   Assets not positioned at the central bank
On-balance sheet As at 31 December 2016   Assets £bn   As a result of covered bonds £bn   As a result of securitis- ations £bn   Other £bn   Total £bn   positioned at the central banks £bn   b   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not Available as collateral £bn   Derivatives and Reverse repos £bn   Total £bn
Cash and balances at central banks   102.4   –   –   –   –   –   102.4   –   –   –   102.4
Trading portfolio assets   80.2   –   –   51.2   51.2   –   29.0   –   –   –   29.0
Financial assets at fair value   78.6   –   –   3.2   3.2   –   1.5   10.7   –   63.2   75.4
Derivative financial instruments   346.6   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   346.6   346.6
Loans and advances – banks a   20.2   –   –   –   –   –   10.1   9.0   1.1   –   20.2
Loans and advances – customers a   325.7   16.5   6.2   8.0   30.7   63.0   23.8   208.2   –   –   295.0
Cash collateral   68.8   –   –   68.8   68.8   –   –   –   –   –   –
Settlement balances   21.3   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   21.3   –   21.3
Financial investments   63.3   –   –   13.6   13.6   –   49.3   0.4   –   –   49.7
Reverse repurchase agreements   13.5   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   13.5   13.5
Non current assets held for sale   6.4   –   –   –   –   –   1.2   3.1   2.1   –   6.4
Other financial assets   21.0   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   21.0   –   21.0
Total on-balance sheet   1,148.0   16.5   6.2   144.8   167.5   63.0   217.3   231.4   45.5   423.3   980.5


Off-balance sheet
Collateral received £bn   Collateral received of which on- pledged £bn   Readily available assets £bn   Available as collateral £bn   Not available as collateral £bn
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   466.2   405.5   59.7   –   1.0
Total unencumbered collateral   –   –   277.0   231.4   46.5

Notes


a Excluding cash collateral and settlement balances.


b Includes both encumbered and unencumbered assets. Assets within this category that have been encumbered are
disclosed as assets pledged in Note 40 to the financial statements page
266.


Repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements


Barclays enters into repurchase and other similar secured borrowing agreements to finance its trading portfolio assets. The majority of reverse
repurchase agreements are matched by offsetting repurchase agreements entered into to facilitate client activity. The remainder are used to settle trading portfolio liabilities.


Due to the high quality of collateral provided against secured financing transactions, the liquidity risk associated with this activity is
significantly lower than unsecured financing transactions. Nonetheless, Barclays manages to gross and net secured mismatch limits to limit refinancing risk under a severe stress scenario and a portion of the Group’s liquidity pool is held
against stress outflows on these positions. The Group secured mismatch limits are calibrated based on market capacity, liquidity characteristics of the collateral and risk appetite of the Group.


The cash value of repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions will typically differ from the market value of the collateral against which these
transactions are secured by an amount referred to as a haircut (or overcollateralisation). Typical haircut levels vary depending on the quality of the collateral that underlies these transactions. For transactions secured against extremely liquid
fixed income collateral, lenders demand relatively small haircuts (typically ranging from
0-2%).
 For transactions secured against less liquid collateral, haircuts vary by asset class (typically ranging from
5-10%
 for corporate bonds and other less liquid collateral).

As at 31 December 2017, the
significant majority of repurchase activity related to matched-book activity. The Group may face refinancing risk on the net maturity mismatch for matched-book activity.


Net matched-book activity a,b,c
Negative number represents net repurchase agreement (net liability)   Less than one month £bn   One month to three months £bn   Over three months £bn
As at 31 December 2017
Extremely liquid Fixed Income d   (36.4   )   18.1   16.1
Liquid Fixed Income   (0.9   )   1.5   (1.4   )
Equities   9.7   (5.6   )   (8.8   )
Less liquid Fixed Income   1.7   (0.7   )   (2.2   )
Total   (25.9   )   13.3   3.7
As at 31 December 2016
Extremely liquid Fixed Income   (21.8   )   11.6   10.7
Liquid Fixed Income   (0.4   )   0.8   (0.7   )
Equities   6.1   (0.5   )   (9.6   )
Less liquid Fixed Income   0.6   (0.2   )   (1.3   )
Total   (15.5   )   11.7   (0.9   )

Notes

a Includes collateral swaps.

b Includes financing positions for prime brokerage clients which are reported as
customer payables or receivables on balance sheet.

c Values are reported on a cash value basis.


d Extremely liquid fixed income is defined as very highly rated sovereigns and agencies, typically rated AA+ or better. It excludes liquid fixed
income, equities and other less liquid collateral.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 131


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


The residual repurchase agreement activity is the firm-financing component and reflects Barclays funding of a portion of its trading portfolio
assets. The primary risk related to firm-financing activity is the inability to roll-over transactions as they mature.


Firm financing repurchase agreements a,b ,c
Less than one month £bn   One month to three months £bn   Over three months £bn   Total £bn
As at 31 December 2017
Extremely liquid Fixed Income d   37.2   10.3   1.4   48.9
Liquid Fixed Income   4.1   1.5   2.5   8.1
Highly liquid   17.4   21.4   15.7   54.5
Less liquid   2.1   1.9   12.6   16.6
Total   60.8   35.1   32.2   128.1
As at 31 December 2016
Extremely liquid Fixed Income   28.3   7.1   1.1   36.5
Liquid Fixed Income   2.8   0.8   1.2   4.8
Highly liquid   13.2   8.9   14.0   36.1
Less liquid   1.9   0.8   2.6   5.3
Total   46.2   17.6   18.9   82.7

Notes


a Includes collateral swaps.


b Includes financing positions for prime brokerage clients which are reported as customer payables or receivables
on balance sheet.

c Values are reported on a cash value basis.


d Extremely liquid fixed income is defined as very highly rated sovereigns and agencies, typically rated AA+ or
better. It excludes liquid fixed income, equities and other less liquid collateral.

Credit ratings


In addition to monitoring and managing key metrics related to the financial strength of the Group, Barclays also solicits independent credit ratings
from Standard & Poor’s Global (S&P), Moody’s, Fitch and Rating and Investment Information (R&I). These ratings assess the creditworthiness of the Group, its subsidiaries and branches and are based on reviews of a broad
range of business and financial attributes including capital strength, profitability, funding, liquidity, asset quality, strategy and governance.


Credit ratings
As at 31 December 2017   Standard & Poor’s   Moody’s   Fitch
Barclays Bank PLC
Long-term   A   A1   A
Short-term   A-1   P-1   F1
Outlook   Stable   Negative   Rating Watch Positive
Barclays Bank UK PLC
Long-term   A (prelim)   (P) A1   A+ (EXP)
Short-term   A-1 (prelim)   (P) P-1   F1 (EXP)
Outlook   Stable   Unassigned   Stable
Barclays PLC
Long-term   BBB   Baa2   A
Short-term   A-2   P-3   F1
Outlook   Stable   Negative   Stable

All credit rating agencies took rating actions this year to assign initial ratings to Barclays Bank UK PLC in
anticipation of the establishment of this entity as the UK ring-fenced bank in April 2018. There were also rating actions on the existing entities of Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays PLC by some of the credit rating agencies as detailed below.


In September 2017, Fitch assigned an expected rating to Barclays Bank UK PLC of A+, reflecting a one notch uplift from the expected
standalone rating of A. This is due to the sufficient amount of junior debt they expect to be outstanding in Barclays Bank UK PLC, referred to as qualifying junior debt (QJD). In the same rating action, Fitch revised the outlook of Barclays Bank PLC
from stable to rating watch positive in anticipation of assigning QJD uplift of one notch during 2018.

In October 2017, S&P upgraded
long and short-term ratings of Barclays Bank PLC by one notch to
A/A-1
 from
A-/A-2
 as S&P finalised their view of the status
of Barclays Bank PLC. They determined that Barclays Bank PLC would remain core to the Group revising their previous expectation of a highly strategic status.

Simultaneously, Barclays Bank PLC was assigned a preliminary rating of A with a stable outlook in anticipation that it too would be core to the Group. In November 2017, S&P also revised their view of UK economic risk for the UK
banking sector, which led to outlooks for Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays UK PLC being revised from negative to stable.


Moody’s assigned a provisional rating to Barclays Bank UK PLC in October 2017 of (P)A1. The negative outlooks for Barclays PLC and Barclays
Bank PLC have remained in place since the outcome of the EU referendum in June 2016. Since October 2017, the implementation of ring-fencing has been included in the rationale for the maintenance Barclays Bank PLC’s negative outlook.


Barclays also solicits issuer ratings from R&I and the ratings of
A-
 for B PLC and A for BB PLC were
affirmed in July 2017 with stable outlooks.

A credit rating downgrade could result in outflows to meet collateral requirements on
existing contracts. Outflows related to credit rating downgrades are included in the LRA stress scenarios and a portion of the liquidity pool is held against this risk. Credit ratings downgrades could also result in reduced funding capacity and
increased funding costs.


132 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The contractual collateral requirement following
one-
 and
two-notch

long-term and associated short-term downgrades across all credit rating agencies, would result in outflows of £4bn and £6bn respectively, and are fully reserved for in the liquidity pool. These numbers do not assume any management or
restructuring actions that could be taken to reduce posting requirements. These outflows do not include the potential liquidity impact from loss of unsecured funding, such as from money market funds, or loss of secured funding capacity. However,
unsecured and secured funding stresses are included in the LRA stress scenarios and a portion of the liquidity pool is held against these risks.

Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities

The table below provides detail on the contractual maturity of
all financial instruments and other assets and liabilities. Derivatives (other than those designated in a hedging relationship) and trading portfolio assets and liabilities are included in the ‘on demand’ column at their fair value.
Liquidity risk on these items is not managed on the basis of contractual maturity since they are not held for settlement according to such maturity and will frequently be settled before contractual maturity at fair value. Derivatives designated in a
hedging relationship are included according to their contractual maturity.

Financial assets designated at fair value in respect of
linked liabilities to customers under investment contracts have been included in other assets and other liabilities as the Group is not exposed to liquidity risk arising from them; any request for funds from creditors would be met by simultaneously
liquidating or transferring the related investment.


Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities
(audited)
As at 31 December 2017   On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over
six months but not more than nine months £m   Over nine months but not more than one
year £m   Over
one year but not more than two years £m   Over
two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over
ten years £m   Total £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   170,236   846   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   171,082
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,153
Trading portfolio assets   113,760   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   113,760
Financial assets designated at fair value   14,800   77,288   8,828   4,570   1,252   2,095   160   196   557   6,535   116,281
Derivative financial instruments   237,504   41   –   –   –   71   22   15   1   15   237,669
Financial investments   30   2,378   2,717   97   504   5,675   3,928   16,162   17,059   10,366   58,916
Loans and advances to banks   3,439   30,227   1,256   77   125   247   93   11   –   188   35,663
Loans and advances to customers   12,022   70,816   8,511   5,519   7,622   35,969   26,151   39,435   48,382   111,125   365,552
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   7,522   4,446   578   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   12,546
Other financial assets   –   759   –   –   –   110   –   –   –   –   869
Total financial assets   561,466   186,801   21,890   10,263   9,503   44,167   30,354   55,819   65,999   128,229   1,114,491
Other assets a   18,757
Total assets   1,133,248
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   4,967   30,826   718   438   214   74   135   316   35   –   37,723
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   446   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   446
Customer accounts   334,961   74,812   7,381   3,386   3,628   2,684   500   882   231   656   429,121
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   3,550   17,841   4,516   2,136   1,396   310   93   10,006   490   –   40,338
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,351   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   13,298   102,860   10,570   5,918   3,139   10,515   7,281   5,879   4,923   9,335   173,718
Derivative financial instruments   237,235   10   3   –   –   10   5   4   41   1,037   238,345
Debt securities in issue   907   17,120   8,395   5,107   1,562   8,136   3,883   12,819   10,983   4,402   73,314
Subordinated liabilities   –   2,402   791   7   23   57   1,959   8,751   5,466   4,370   23,826
Other financial liabilities   –   3,793   –   –   –   781   –   –   –   –   4,574
Total financial liabilities   632,715   249,664   32,374   16,992   9,962   22,567   13,856   38,657   22,169   19,800   1,058,756
Other liabilities a   8,476
Total liabilities   1,067,232
Cumulative liquidity gap   (71,249   )   (134,112   )   (144,596   )   (151,325   )   (151,784   )   (130,184   )   (113,686   )   (96,524   )   (52,694   )   55,735   66,016

Note


a As at 31 December 2017, other assets includes balances of £1,193m (2016: £71,454m) and other
liabilities includes balances of £0m (2016: £65,292m) relating to amounts held for sale. Please refer to Note 43 for details.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 133


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Contractual maturity of financial assets and liabilities
(audited)
As at 31 December 2016   On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over
six months but not more than nine months £m   Over nine months but
not more than one year £m   Over
one year but not more than two years £m   Over
two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over
ten years £m   Total £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   102,031   322   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   102,353
Items in the course of collection from other banks   1,467   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,467
Trading portfolio assets   80,240   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   80,240
Financial assets designated at fair value   15,558   43,270   5,518   2,376   2,081   686   90   129   771   8,129   78,608
Derivative financial instruments   345,625   5   400   5   2   14   168   175   123   109   346,626
Financial investments   40   1,015   3,064   741   2,666   10,127   9,031   15,148   12,768   8,717   63,317
Loans and advances to banks   4,858   34,346   2,753   480   133   412   236   20   13   –   43,251
Loans and advances to customers   26,929   85,993   7,522   6,310   8,245   29,326   25,602   44,776   48,233   109,848   392,784
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   7,043   3,678   892   144   905   792   –   –   –   –   13,454
Other financial assets   –   1,128   –   –   –   77   –   –   –   –   1,205
Total financial assets   583,791   169,757   20,149   10,056   14,032   41,434   35,127   60,248   61,908   126,803   1,123,305
Other assets a   89,821
Total assets   1,213,126
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   5,906   39,610   1,120   672   351   193   13   328   21   –   48,214
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   636   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   636
Customer accounts   317,963   86,081   5,305   3,023   4,528   2,836   1,262   1,043   441   696   423,178
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   5,480   9,235   1,934   917   1,326   311   –   83   474   –   19,760
Trading portfolio liabilities   34,687   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   34,687
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   15,285   41,583   3,970   4,112   1,827   7,540   5,762   5,773   3,588   6,591   96,031
Derivative financial instruments   339,646   4   –   –   2   10   34   46   75   670   340,487
Debt securities in issue   27   16,731   11,713   5,902   6,867   3,166   8,069   9,186   10,152   4,119   75,932
Subordinated liabilities   –   8   –   –   1,317   3,230   56   7,487   6,575   4,710   23,383
Other financial liabilities   –   3,198   –   –   –   1,189   –   –   –   –   4,387
Total financial liabilities   719,630   196,450   24,042   14,626   16,218   18,475   15,196   23,946   21,326   16,786   1,066,695
Other liabilities a   75,066
Total liabilities   1,141,761
Cumulative liquidity gap   (135,839   )   (162,532   )   (166,425   )   (170,995   )   (173,181   )   (150,222   )   (130,291   )   (93,989   )   (53,407   )   56,610   71,365

Note


a As at 31 December 2017, other assets includes balances of £1,193m (2016: £71,454m) and other
liabilities includes balances of £0m (2016: £65,292m) relating to amounts held for sale. Please refer to Note 43 for details.


Expected maturity dates do not differ significantly from the contract dates, except for:


◾   trading portfolio assets and liabilities and derivative financial instruments, which may not be held to maturity as part of the Group’s trading strategies


◾   retail deposits, which are included within customer accounts, are repayable on demand or at short notice on a contractual basis. In practice, these instruments form a stable base for the
Group’s operations and liquidity needs because of the broad base of customers – both numerically and by depositor type (see Behavioural maturity profile on page 128); and


◾   financial assets designated at fair value held in respect of linked liabilities, which are managed with the associated liabilities.


134 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Contractual maturity of financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis


The table below presents the cash flows payable by the Group under financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturities at the balance sheet date. The amounts
disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows of all financial liabilities (i.e. nominal values).

The balances in the below table do not agree
directly to the balances in the consolidated balance sheet as the table incorporates all cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, related to both principal as well as those associated with all future coupon payments.


Derivative financial instruments held for trading and trading portfolio liabilities are included in the on demand column at their fair value.


Financial liabilities designated at fair value in respect of linked liabilities under investment contracts have been excluded from this analysis as the Group is not
exposed to liquidity risk arising from them.


Contractual maturity of financial liabilities - undiscounted
(audited)
Over three
months   Over six   Over one   Over three   Over five
but not   months   year   years but   years but
Not more   more   but not   but not   not more   not more
On   than three   than six   more than   more than   than five   than ten   Over ten
demand   months   months   one year   three years   years   years   years   Total
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2017
Deposits from banks   4,967   30,831   720   654   213   316   36   –   37,737
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   446   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   446
Customer accounts   334,961   74,830   7,383   7,020   3,197   884   231   725   429,231
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   3,550   17,847   4,526   3,557   410   10,259   490   –   40,639
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,351   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   37,351
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   13,298   102,983   10,609   9,118   18,142   6,177   5,490   12,834   178,651
Derivative financial instruments   237,235   9   3   –   15   5   48   1,755   239,070
Debt securities in issue   907   17,614   8,565   7,025   13,786   13,928   12,687   6,734   81,246
Subordinated liabilities   –   2,822   1,816   685   5,501   10,232   6,243   6,231   33,530
Other financial liabilities   –   3,793   –   –   781   –   –   –   4,574
Total financial liabilities   632,715   250,729   33,622   28,059   42,045   41,801   25,225   28,279   1,082,475
As at 31 December 2016
Deposits from banks   5,906   39,617   1,122   1,025   207   328   21   –   48,226
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   636   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   636
Customer accounts   317,963   86,101   5,325   7,565   4,266   1,120   1,403   1,013   424,756
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   5,480   9,249   1,939   2,253   312   83   474   –   19,790
Trading portfolio liabilities   34,687   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   34,687
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   15,285   41,599   3,986   5,979   13,445   5,899   3,900   8,443   98,536
Derivative financial instruments   339,646   4   –   2   44   48   84   1,086   340,914
Debt securities in issue   27   17,126   11,894   13,285   12,915   10,505   12,282   6,054   84,088
Subordinated liabilities   –   398   680   3,117   7,089   9,324   7,842   4,866   33,316
Other financial liabilities   –   3,198   –   –   1,189   –   –   –   4,387
Total financial liabilities   719,630   197,292   24,946   33,226   39,467   27,307   26,006   21,462   1,089,336


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 135


Risk review

Risk
performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Liquidity


Maturity of off balance sheet commitments received and given


The table below presents the maturity split of the Group’s off balance sheet commitments received and given at the balance sheet date. The amounts disclosed in the
table are the undiscounted cash flows (i.e. nominal values) on the basis of earliest opportunity at which they are available.


Maturity analysis of off-balance sheet
commitments received (audited)
On demand £m   Not more than three months £m   Over three months but not more than six months £m   Over six months but not more than
nine months £m   Over nine months but not more than one
year £m   Over one year but not more than
two years £m   Over two years but not more than three years £m   Over three years but not more than five years £m   Over five years but not more than ten years £m   Over ten years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Guarantees, letters of credit and credit insurance   6,373   5   2   3   1   8   7   5   3   4   6,411
Forward starting repurchase agreements   –   29   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   29
Total off balance sheet commitments received   6,373   34   2   3   1   8   7   5   3   4   6,440
As at 31 December 2016
Guarantees, letters of credit and credit insurance   6,044   18   1   410   2   23   1   3   –   –   6,502
Forward starting repurchase agreements   102   246   –   1   –   –   18   –   –   –   367
Total off balance sheet commitments received   6,146   264   1   411   2   23   19   3   –   –   6,869
Maturity analysis of off-balance sheet
commitments given (audited)
Over three   Over six
months   months   Over nine   Over one   Over two   Over three   Over five
but not   but not   months   year but   years but   years but   years but
Not more   more   more   but not   not more   not more   not more   not more
On   than three   than six   than nine   more than   than two   than three   than five   than ten   Over ten
demand   months   months   months   one year   years   years   years   years   years   Total
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2017
Contingent liabilities   16,047   1,085   560   92   242   346   80   59   245   256   19,012
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   34   593   147   26   6   5   1   –   –   –   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   311,481   1,144   883   77   778   44   47   259   2   46   314,761
Total off-balance sheet commitments given   327,562   2,822   1,590   195   1,026   395   128   318   247   302   334,585
As at 31 December 2016
Contingent liabilities   17,111   425   845   233   285   355   187   88   259   151   19,939
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   987   10   8   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,005
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   300,043   479   415   604   818   55   47   150   –   70   302,681
Total off-balance sheet commitments given   318,141   914   1,268   837   1,103   410   234   238   259   221   323,625


136 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and capital risk – Capital


Capital
risk The risk that the firm has an
insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or
regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans. All disclosures in this section pages 137 to 145 are unaudited unless otherwise stated. Key metrics
Fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio   13.3%
Average UK leverage ratio   4.9%


Overview

The fully loaded CRD IV CET1
ratio, among other metrics, is a measure of the capital strength and resilience of Barclays. Maintenance of our capital is vital in order to meet the minimum capital requirements, and to cover the Group’s current and forecast business needs,
and associated risks in order to provide a viable and sustainable business offering.

This section provides an overview of the Group’s: (i) regulatory
minimum capital and leverage requirements; (ii) capital resources; (iii) risk weighted assets (RWAs); and (iv) leverage ratios and exposures.

More
details on monitoring and managing capital risk may be found in the Risk Management sections on pages 346 and 347.

Summary of performance in
the period

Barclays continues to be in excess of minimum transitional and end point capital requirements, and regulatory minimum leverage requirements.


The fully loaded CET1 ratio increased to 13.3% (December 2016: 12.4%) principally due to a reduction in risk weighted assets (RWAs) of £52.6bn to £313.0bn.
CET1 capital decreased £3.6bn to £41.6bn.

The sell down of Barclays’ holding in BAGL to 14.9%, resulting in regulatory proportional consolidation,
increased the CET1 ratio by c.60bps with a £31.1bn reduction in RWAs offset by £1.8bn reduction due to BAGL minority interests no longer being included in CET1 capital.


Losses in respect of the discontinued operation due to the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL allocated to goodwill, and the recycling of the BAGL currency
translation reserve losses to the income statement, had no impact on CET1.

The CET1 ratio increased by a further c.50bps as a result of their RWA reductions,
excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, including reductions on Non-Core.

Excluding the impacts of BAGL and foreign currency movements, CET1 capital
decreased further as profits relating to continuing operations, after absorbing the impact of the US DTA
re-measurement,
 were more than offset by the redemption of USD preference shares and the payment of
pension deficit reduction contributions in the year.

The average UK leverage ratio increased to 4.9% (December 2016: 4.5%) primarily driven by the issuance of
additional tier 1 capital (AT1) securities, the reduction in Non-Core related exposures and due to BAGL’s regulatory proportional consolidation.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 137


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Capital


Regulatory minimum capital and leverage requirements

Capital

Barclays’ end point CET1 regulatory requirement is expected to be 11.4% comprising of a 4.5% Pillar
1 minimum, a 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB), a 1.5% Global Systemically Important Institution
(G-SII)
 buffer, a 2.4% Pillar 2A requirement, and an expected 0.5% Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB).


The CCB and the
G-SII
 buffer, determined by the PRA in line with guidance from the Financial
Stability Board (FSB), are subject to phased implementation at 25% per annum from 2016 with full effect from 2019. The CCB has been set at 2.5% with 1.25% applicable for 2017. The
G-SII
 buffer for 2017 was set
at 2% with 1% applicable for 2017. On 21 November 2016, the FSB confirmed that the
G-SII
 buffer for 2018 has been set at 1.5% with 1.1% applicable for 2018. On 21 November 2017, the FSB confirmed
that the
G-SII
 buffer will remain at 1.5% applicable for 2019.

On 25 September 2017, the
Financial Policy Committee (FPC) reaffirmed that it expects to increase the UK CCyB rate from 0% to 0.5% applicable from 27 June 2018 and to 1% applicable from 28 November 2018. Based on current UK exposures, Barclays’ CCyB is
expected to be approximately 0.5% from November 2018. Other national authorities also determine the appropriate CCyBs that should be applied to exposures in their jurisdiction however based on current exposures these are not material.


Barclays’ Pillar 2A requirement as per the PRA’s Individual Capital Guidance (ICG) for Q417 and 2018 is 4.3% of which at least 56.25%
needs to be met in CET1 form, equating to approximately 2.4% of RWAs. Certain elements of the Pillar 2A requirement are a fixed quantum while others are a proportion of RWAs and are based on a point in time assessment. The Pillar 2A requirement is
subject to at least annual review.

For regulatory reporting purposes, BAGL is treated on a proportional consolidation basis based on
Barclays’ holding in BAGL of 14.9%. The CRD IV CET1 transitional minimum capital requirement for 2017 is 9.2% which comprised of a 4.5% Pillar 1 minimum, a 2.4% Pillar 2A requirement, a 1.25% CCB, a 1%

G-SII
 buffer and a 0% CCyB.

Leverage


In October 2017, following the FPC recommendation, the PRA increased the minimum requirement for the UK leverage ratio from 3% to 3.25%.


Barclays is subject to a leverage ratio requirement that is implemented on a phased basis, with a transitional requirement of 3.6% as at
31 December 2017; this comprises the 3.25% minimum requirement, a transitional
G-SII
 additional leverage ratio buffer
(G-SII
 ALRB) of 0.35% and a countercyclical
leverage ratio buffer (CCLB) which is currently nil. Although the leverage ratio is expressed in terms of tier 1 capital, 75% of the minimum requirement, equating to 2.4375%, needs to be met with CET1 capital. In addition, the
G-SII
 ALRB and CCLB must be covered solely with CET1 capital. The CET1 capital held against the 0.35% transitional
G-SII
 ALRB was £3.4bn. The fully loaded expected end
point UK leverage requirement is 4.0%.


138 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Capital Resources

The CRR
and Capital Requirements Directive (CRD) implemented Basel III within the EU (collectively known as CRD IV) on 1 January 2014. The rules are supplemented by Regulatory Technical Standards and the PRA’s rulebook, including the
implementation of transitional rules. However, rules and guidance are still subject to change as certain aspects of CRD IV are dependent on final technical standards and clarifications to be issued by the EBA and adopted by the European Commission
and the PRA.


Capital ratios
As at 31 December   2017   2016
Fully loaded CET1 a,b   13.3%   12.4%
PRA transitional tier 1 c,d   17.2%   15.6%
PRA transitional total capital c,d   21.5%   19.6%
Capital resources (audited)
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Total equity (excluding non-controlling interests) per the balance sheet   63,905   64,873
Less: other equity instruments (recognised as AT1 capital)   (8,941   )   (6,449   )
Adjustment to retained earnings for foreseeable dividends   (392   )   (388   )
Minority interests (amount allowed in consolidated CET1)   –   1,825
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions
Additional value adjustments (PVA)   (1,385   )   (1,571   )
Goodwill and intangible assets   (7,908   )   (9,054   )
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding temporary differences   (593   )   (494   )
Fair value reserves related to gains or losses on cash flow hedges   (1,161   )   (2,104   )
Excess of expected losses over impairment   (1,239   )   (1,294   )
Gains or losses on liabilities at fair value resulting from own credit   83   86
Defined-benefit pension fund assets   (732   )   (38   )
Direct and indirect holdings by an institution of own CET1 instruments   (50   )   (50   )
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold)   –   (183   )
Other regulatory adjustments   (22   )   45
Fully loaded CET1 capital   41,565   45,204
Additional tier 1 (AT1) capital
Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts   8,941   6,449
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries   3,538   5,445
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions   (130   )   (130   )
Transitional AT1 capital e   12,349   11,764
PRA transitional tier 1 capital   53,914   56,968
Tier 2 (T2) capital
Capital instruments and the related share premium accounts   6,472   3,769
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries   7,040   11,366
Other regulatory adjustments and deductions   (251   )   (257   )
PRA transitional total regulatory capital   67,175   71,846

Notes


a   The transitional regulatory adjustments to CET1 capital are no longer applicable resulting in CET1 capital on a fully loaded basis being equal to that on a transitional basis.


b   The CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) as applicable to Barclays’ tier 2 Contingent Capital Notes was 13.9% based on £43.5bn of transitional CRD IV CET1 capital
and £313bn RWAs. The transitional CET1 ratio according to the FSA October 2012 transitional statement would be 13.9%. This is calculated as CET1 capital as adjusted for the transitional relief (£43.5bn), divided by CRD IV RWAs. The
following transitional relief items are added back to CET1 capital: Goodwill and Intangibles (£1.6bn), Deferred tax asset (£0.1bn) and Expected losses over impairment (£0.2bn).


c   The PRA transitional capital is based on the PRA Rulebook and accompanying supervisory statements.


d   As at 31 December 2017, Barclays’ fully loaded tier 1 capital was £50,376m, and the fully loaded tier 1 ratio was 16.1%. Fully loaded total regulatory capital was £64,646m and
the fully loaded total capital ratio was 20.7%. The fully loaded tier 1 capital and total capital measures are calculated without applying the transitional provisions set out in CRD IV and assessing compliance of AT1 and T2 instruments against the
relevant criteria in CRD IV.


e   Of the £12.3bn transitional AT1 capital, fully loaded AT1 capital comprises the £8.9bn of contingent convertible instruments issued by Barclays PLC (the holding company) and related
share premium accounts, and £0.1bn capital deductions. It excludes £3.5bn legacy tier 1 capital instruments issued by subsidiaries that are subject to grandfathering. For the leverage ratio, only the AT1 capital on a fully loaded basis
is applicable.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 139


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Capital


Movement in CET1 capital
2017 £m
Opening balance as at 1 January   45,204
Loss for the period attributable to equity holders   (1,283   )
Own credit relating to derivative liabilities   78
Dividends paid and foreseen   (978   )
Decrease in retained regulatory capital generated from earnings   (2,183   )
Net impact of share schemes   86
Available for sale reserve   438
Currency translation reserve   3
Other reserves   (920   )
Decrease in other qualifying reserves   (393   )
Pensions re-measurements within reserves   53
Defined-benefit pension fund asset deduction   (694   )
Net impact of pensions   (641   )
Minority interests   (1,825   )
Additional value adjustments (PVA)   186
Goodwill and intangible assets   1,146
Deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability excluding those arising from temporary differences   (99   )
Excess of expected loss over impairment   55
Deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences (amount above 10% threshold)   183
Other regulatory adjustments   (68   )
Decrease in regulatory capital due to adjustments and deductions   (422   )
Closing balance as at 31 December   41,565

CET1 capital decreased to £41.6bn (December 2016: £45.2bn) due to the following:


◾   a £1.3bn loss for the period attributable to equity holders reflecting profit after tax of £1.1bn, including the net tax charge of £0.9bn due to the re-measurement of US DTAs in Q417 offset by £2.3bn of losses in respect of the discontinued operation. The discontinued operation losses, resulting from the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL
allocated to goodwill and the recycling of BAGL currency translation reserve losses to the income statement, had no impact on CET1 capital with offsetting movements in the goodwill and intangible assets deduction and other qualifying reserves


◾   a £1.0bn decrease for dividends paid and foreseen


◾   a £0.4bn increase in the available for sale reserve primarily due to gains from changes in fair value on BAGL’s remaining shares held as available for sale


◾   The currency translation reserve remained flat in the year largely due to the £1.4bn recycling of BAGL losses to the income statement which were offset by a £1.3bn decrease driven by
the depreciation of period end USD against GBP


◾   a £0.9bn decrease in other reserves which included a £0.5bn decrease as a result of USD preference share redemptions and £0.4bn of separation payments in relation to the sale of
Barclays’ holding in BAGL


◾   a £0.6bn decrease net of tax as a result of movements relating to pensions. The pension asset capital deduction increase relates to the UK Retirement Fund, which is the Group’s main
pension scheme, moving from a small deficit in December 2016 to a £1.0bn surplus largely due to payment deficit contributions


◾   a £1.8bn decrease due to BAGL minority interests which are no longer eligible as a result of proportional consolidation of BAGL


◾   a £1.1bn increase due to a reduced goodwill and intangible assets deduction largely as a result of the impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL allocated to goodwill.


140 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk weighted assets


Risk weighted assets (RWAs) by risk type and business
Credit risk   Counterparty credit risk a   Market
risk   Operational risk   Total RWAs
As at 31 December 2017   Std £m   IRB £m   Std £m   IRB £m   Settlement Risk £m   CVA £m   Std £m   IMA £m   £m   £m
Barclays UK   3,811   54,955   –   –   –   –   –   –   12,167   70,933
Barclays International   49,058   69,520   17,000   17,243   101   2,776   13,313   13,547   27,708   210,266
Head Office b   2,907   9,766   65   633   –   225   88   1,365   16,785   31,834
Barclays Group   55,776   134,241   17,065   17,876   101   3,001   13,401   14,912   56,660   313,033
As at 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   5,592   49,591   47   –   –   –   –   –   12,293   67,523
Barclays International   53,201   82,327   13,515   13,706   30   3,581   9,343   9,460   27,538   212,701
Head Office b   9,048   27,122   77   1,157   –   927   482   2,323   12,156   53,292
Barclays Non-Core   4,714   9,945   1,043   6,081   37   2,235   477   2,928   4,673   32,133
Barclays Group   72,555   168,985   14,682   20,944   67   6,743   10,302   14,711   56,660   365,649
Movement analysis of risk weighted assets
Risk weighted assets   Credit risk £bn   Counterparty credit risk a £bn   Market risk £bn   Operational risk £bn   Total RWAs £bn
As at 31 December 2016   241.5   42.4   25.0   56.7   365.6
Book size   (11.0   )   (1.2   )   5.4   –   (6.8   )
Acquisitions and disposals   (31.7   )   (1.5   )   (1.6   )   –   (34.8   )
Book quality   (3.5   )   0.5   0.1   –   (2.9   )
Model updates   (1.4   )   –   –   –   (1.4   )
Methodology and policy   0.6   (2.2   )   (0.6   )   –   (2.2   )
Foreign exchange movement c   (4.5   )   –   –   –   (4.5   )
As at 31 December 2017   190.0   38.0   28.3   56.7   313.0

Notes


a   RWAs in relation to default fund contributions are included in counterparty credit risk.


b   Includes Africa Banking RWAs.


c   Foreign exchange movement does not include FX for modelled counterparty risk or modelled market risk.


RWAs decreased £52.6bn to £313.0bn:


◾   book size decreased RWAs by £6.8bn primarily due to portfolio rundowns related to Barclays Non-Core, the re-measurement of US DTAs as a result of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and securitisation transactions, partially offset by increased trading activity in investment bank businesses


◾   acquisitions and disposals decreased RWAs £34.8bn primarily as a result of the proportional consolidation of BAGL


◾   book quality decreased RWAs £2.9bn primarily due to changes in risk profile in CIB


◾   model updates decreased RWAs £1.4bn primarily due to model changes in Africa Banking prior to the sell down of Barclays holding in BAGL


◾   methodology and policy decreased RWAs £2.2bn primarily due to a revised calculation basis for modelled derivative exposures


◾   foreign exchange movements decreased RWAs £4.5bn primarily due to the depreciation of period end USD against GBP.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 141


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Capital


Leverage ratios and exposures


Barclays is required to disclose an average UK leverage ratio which is based on capital and exposure measures on the last day of each month in the
quarter; as well as a UK leverage ratio which is based on the last day of the quarter. Both approaches exclude qualifying claims on central banks from the leverage exposures. Barclays is also required to disclose a Capital Requirements Regulation
(CRR) leverage ratio, which is based on the end point CRR definition of tier 1 capital and the CRR definition of leverage exposure.


Leverage exposure
Leverage ratios   As at 31.12.17 £bn   As at 31.12.16 £bn
Average UK leverage exposure   1,045   1,137
Average fully loaded tier 1 capital   51.2   51.6
Average UK leverage ratio   4.9%   4.5%
UK leverage ratio   5.1%   5.0%
CRR leverage ratio   4.5%   4.6%
UK leverage exposure
Accounting assets
Derivative financial instruments   238   347
Cash collateral   53   67
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12   13
Financial assets designated at fair value a   116   79
Loans and advances and other assets   714   707
Total IFRS assets   1,133   1,213
Regulatory consolidation adjustments   8   (6   )
Derivatives adjustments
Derivatives netting   (217   )   (313   )
Adjustments to cash collateral   (42   )   (50   )
Net written credit protection   14   12
Potential Future Exposure (PFE) on derivatives   120   136
Total derivatives adjustments   (125   )   (215   )
Securities financing transactions (SFTs) adjustments   19   29
Regulatory deductions and other adjustments   (13   )   (15   )
Weighted off-balance sheet commitments   103   119
CRR leverage exposure   1,125   1,125
Qualifying central bank claims   (140   )   (75   )
UK leverage exposure   985   1,050
Fully loaded CET1 capital   41.6   45.2
Fully loaded AT1 capital   8.8   6.8
Fully loaded tier 1 capital   50.4   52.0

Note


a   Included within financial assets designated at fair value are reverse repurchase agreements designated at fair value of £100bn (December 2016: £63bn).


The average UK leverage ratio increased to 4.9% (December 2016: 4.5%) primarily driven by the issuance of AT1 securities, the reduction in Non-Core
related exposures and due to BAGL’s regulatory proportional deconsolidation.

The CRR leverage ratio decreased to 4.5% (December
2016: 4.6%). The difference between the average UK leverage ratio and the CRR leverage ratio movement is primarily driven by an increase in cash at central banks, which are excluded from the UK leverage ratio calculation. Additionally, the year end
fully loaded tier 1 capital is lower than the average due to the re-measurement of US DTAs as a result of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December;


◾   loans and advances and other assets increased by £7bn to £714bn. This was primarily due to a £69bn increase in cash and balances at central banks largely driven by an increase in
the cash contribution to the Group liquidity pool mainly exempt under UK leverage rules and a £70bn decrease in assets held for sale driven by the sell down of Barclays’ holding in BAGL.


◾   reverse repurchase agreements increased £36bn to £112bn, primarily due to an increase in matched book trading


◾   net derivative leverage exposures decreased £33bn to £166bn due to a reduction in interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives, the rundown of Non-Core related assets, a decrease in cash collateral and the depreciation of period end USD and JPY against GBP


◾   regulatory consolidation adjustments increased £14bn to £8bn primarily due to the proportional consolidation of BAGL following the sell down of Barclays’ holding


◾   weighted off balance sheet commitments decreased £16bn to £103bn primarily due to the proportional consolidation of BAGL following the sell down of Barclays’ holding.


142 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional Barclays regulatory disclosures are prepared in accordance with the EBA Guidelines on disclosure requirements under Part Eight of
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (see Barclays PLC Pillar 3 Report 2017) and will be disclosed on 22 February 2018, available at home.barclays/results.

Foreign exchange risk (audited)

The Group is exposed to two sources of foreign exchange risk.


a) Transactional foreign currency exposure

Transactional foreign currency exposures represent exposure on banking assets and liabilities, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the transacting entity.


The Group’s risk management policies prohibit the holding of significant open positions in foreign currencies outside the trading portfolio
managed by Barclays International which is monitored through VaR.

Banking book transactional foreign exchange risk outside of Barclays
International is monitored on a daily basis by the market risk function and minimised by the businesses.

b) Translational foreign
exchange exposure

The Group’s investments in overseas subsidiaries and branches create capital resources denominated in foreign
currencies, principally USD and EUR. Changes in the GBP value of the net investments due to foreign currency movements are captured in the currency translation reserve, resulting in a movement in CET1 capital.


The Group’s strategy is to minimise the volatility of the capital ratios caused by foreign exchange movements, by matching the CET1 capital
movements to the revaluation of the Group’s foreign currency RWA exposures.

Functional currency of operations


Functional currency of operations (audited)
Foreign currency net investments £m   Borrowings which hedge the net investments £m   Derivatives which hedge the net investments £m   Structural currency exposures pre- economic hedges £m   Economic hedges £m   Remaining structural currency exposures £m
As at 31 December 2017
USD   27,848   (12,404   )   (540   )   14,904   (6,153   )   8,751
EUR   2,489   (3   )   –   2,486   (2,127   )   359
ZAR   8   –   –   8   –   8
JPY   467   (152   )   (301   )   14   –   14
Other   2,475   –   (1,299   )   1,176   –   1,176
Total   33,287   (12,559   )   (2,140   )   18,588   (8,280   )   10,308
As at 31 December 2016
USD   29,460   (12,769   )   –   16,691   (7,898   )   8,793
EUR   2,121   (363   )   –   1,758   (2,053   )   (295   )
ZAR   3,679   –   (2,571   )   1,108   –   1,108
JPY   438   (209   )   (224   )   5   –   5
Other   2,793   –   (1,318   )   1,475   –   1,475
Total   38,491   (13,341   )   (4,113   )   21,037   (9,951   )   11,086

The economic hedges primarily represent the USD and EUR preference shares and Additional Tier 1 (AT1) instruments
that are held as equity. These are accounted for at historic cost under IFRS and do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes.


During 2017, total structural currency exposure net of hedging instruments decreased by £0.8bn to £10.3bn (2016: £11.1bn). Foreign
currency net investments decreased by £5.2bn to £33.3bn (2016: £38.5bn) driven predominantly by the decrease in ZAR investments following the partial disposal of the Group’s investment in BAGL and accounting deconsolidation of
the remaining holding. The hedges associated with these investments decreased by £2.8bn to £14.7bn (2016: £17.5bn).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 143


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Capital


Pension risk review

The UK
Retirement Fund (UKRF) represents approximately 96% (2016: 96%) of the Group’s total retirement benefit obligations globally. As such this risk review section focuses exclusively on the UKRF. The UKRF is closed to new entrants and there is no
new final salary benefit being accrued. Existing active members accrue a combination of a cash balance benefit and a defined contribution element. Pension risk arises as the market value of the pension fund assets may decline, investment returns may
reduce or the estimated value of the pension liabilities may increase.

See page 347 for more information on how pension risk is managed.


Assets

The
Trustee Board of the UKRF defines its overall long-term investment strategy with investments across a broad range of asset classes. This results in an appropriate mix of return seeking assets as well as liability matching assets to better match
future pension obligations. The main market risks within the asset portfolio are against interest rates and equities. The split of scheme assets is shown within Note 35. The fair value of the UKRF assets was £30.1bn as at 31 December 2017
(2016: £31.8bn).

Liabilities

The UKRF retirement benefit obligations are a series of future cash flows with relatively long duration. On an IAS 19 basis these cash flows are sensitive to changes in the expected long-term price inflation rate (RPI) and the
discount rate (AA corporate bond yield curve):


◾   An increase in long-term expected inflation corresponds to an increase in liabilities


◾   A decrease in the discount rate corresponds to an increase in liabilities.

Pension risk is generated through the Group’s defined benefit schemes and this risk is set to reduce over time as the main defined benefit scheme is closed to new entrants. The chart below outlines the shape of the UKRF’s
liability cash flow profile as at 31 December 2017 that takes account of the future inflation indexing of payments to beneficiaries. The majority of the cash flows (approximately 88%) fall between 0 and 40 years, peaking between 11 and 20 years
and reducing thereafter. The shape may vary depending on changes to inflation and longevity expectations and any members who elect to transfer out. Transfers out will bring forward the liability cash flows.


For more detail on the UKRF’s financial and demographic assumptions see Note 35 to the financial statements.


Proportion of liability cash flows   IAS19 Pension Position in 2017

The graph above shows the UKRF’s net IAS 19 pension position for each

quarter-end
 for the past two years. The volatility shown by the fluctuation in the net IAS 19 pension position is reflective of the movements observed in the market.


In Q2 2016 the UKRF IAS 19 position deteriorated as the AA discount rate moved lower, driven by both a decrease in long-dated government bond yields
as well as a tightening in credit spreads.

During H2 2016 this trend continued driven by the outcome of the EU Referendum in June as
well as the Bank of England’s announcement on quantitative easing in August. These events drove significant market moves adversely affecting the UKRF AA discount rate. For example the market index IBOXX £-Corp AA yield was 53bps lower
between June and September.

Gilt yields reverted higher in the months following September 2016 which was also reflected in a higher AA
discount rate. As a result the net IAS 19 position ended 2016 close to zero.

During 2017 the net improvement in the IAS 19 position was
largely driven by bank contributions. Changes to market levels, in particular equity prices and interest rates, largely offset each other over the year.

Please see Note 35 for the sensitivity of the UKRF to changes in key assumptions.


144 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk measurement

In line
with Barclays’ risk management framework the assets and liabilities of the UKRF are modelled within a VaR framework to show the volatility of the pension positions on a total portfolio level. This enables the risks, diversification and
liability matching characteristics of the UKRF obligations and investments to be adequately captured. VaR is measured and monitored on a monthly basis. Risks are reviewed and reported regularly at forums including the Board Risk Committee, the Group
Risk Committee, the Pensions Management Group and the Pension Executive Board. The VaR model takes into account the valuation of the liabilities based on an IAS 19 basis (see Note 35). The Trustee receives quarterly VaR measures on a funding basis.


The pension liability is also sensitive to post-retirement mortality assumptions which are reviewed regularly. See Note 35 for more
details.

In addition the impact of pension risk to the Group is taken into account as part of the stress testing process. Stress testing
is performed internally on at least an annual basis. The UKRF exposure is also included as part of regulatory stress tests.

Barclays
defined benefit pension schemes affects capital in two ways:


◾   An IAS 19 deficit is treated as a liability on the Group’s balance sheet. Movement in a deficit due to re-measurements, including actuarial losses, are
recognised immediately through Other Comprehensive Income and as such reduces shareholders’ equity and CET1 capital. An IAS 19 surplus is treated as an asset on the balance sheet and increases shareholders’ equity; however it is deducted
for the purposes of determining CET1 capital.


◾   In the Group’s statutory balance sheet an IAS 19 surplus or deficit is partially offset by a deferred tax liability or asset respectively. These may or may not be recognised for calculating
CET1 capital depending on the overall deferred tax position of the Group at the particular time.

Pension risk is taken
into account in the Pillar 2A capital assessment undertaken by the PRA at least annually. The Pillar 2A requirement forms part of the Group’s overall regulatory minimum requirement for CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital. More detail
on minimum regulatory requirements can be found in the capital risk management section on page 346.

Minimum requirement for own funds
and eligible liabilities (MREL)

Under the Bank of England’s statement of policy on MREL, the BoE will set MREL for UK globally
systemically important banks
(G-SIBs)
 as necessary to implement the total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) standard and institution or group-specific MREL requirements will depend on the preferred resolution
strategy for that institution or group.

The MREL requirements will be phased in from 1 January 2019 and will be fully implemented
by 1 January 2022, at which time
G-SIBs
 with resolution entities incorporated in the UK, including Barclays, will be required to meet an MREL equivalent to the higher of (i) two times the sum of its
Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements or (ii) the higher of two times its leverage ratio or 6.75% of leverage exposures. However, the PRA will review the MREL calibration by the end of 2020, including assessing the proposal for Pillar 2A
recapitalisation which may drive a different 1 January 2022 MREL requirement than currently proposed. In addition, it is proposed that CET1 capital cannot be counted towards both MREL and the combined buffer requirement (CBR), meaning that the
CBR will effectively be applied above both the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements relating to own funds and MREL.

Barclays’
indicative MREL requirement is currently expected to be 29.1% of RWAs from 1 January 2022 consisting of the following components:


◾   Loss absorption and recapitalisation amounts consisting of 8% Pillar 1 and 4.3% Pillar 2A buffers respectively


◾   Regulatory buffers including a 1.5% G-SII buffer, 2.5% Capital Conservation Buffer and 0.5% from the planned introduction of a 1% Countercyclical Capital
Buffer for the UK a


MREL position and ratios
MREL ratios   2017   2016
Fully loaded CET1 capital   13.3%   12.4%
Additional tier 1 (AT1) capital instruments and related share premium accounts   2.9%   1.8%
Tier 2 (T2) capital instruments and related share premium accounts   2.1%   1.0%
Term senior unsecured funding   6.8%   4.6%
Total Barclays PLC (the Parent company) MREL ratio   25.0%   19.8%
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries b   1.1%   1.5%
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries b   2.2%   3.0%
Total MREL ratio on a transitional basis, including eligible Barclays Bank PLC instruments   28.2%   24.2%
MREL position   £m   £m
Fully loaded CET1 capital   41,565   45,204
AT1 capital instruments and related share premium accounts   8,941   6,449
T2 capital instruments and related share premium accounts   6,472   3,769
Term senior unsecured funding   21,166   16,785
Total Barclays PLC (the Parent company) MREL position   78,144   72,207
Qualifying AT1 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries b   3,408   5,315
Qualifying T2 capital (including minority interests) issued by subsidiaries b   6,789   11,109
Total MREL position on a transitional basis, including eligible Barclays Bank PLC instruments   88,341   88,631
Total RWAs   313,033   365,649

Notes


a   2022 requirements subject to Bank of England review by the end of 2020.


b   Includes other AT1 capital regulatory adjustments and deductions of £130m (December 2016: £130m) and other T2 capital regulatory adjustments and deductions of £251m (December
2016: £257m).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 145


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Interest rate risk


Interest rate risk in the banking book


The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its
(non-traded)
 assets and liabilities.

All disclosures in this section (pages 146 to
148) are unaudited and exclude BAGL unless otherwise stated.

Key metrics


AEaR   +£76m
across the Group from a positive 100bps shock in interest rates. The Group maintains access to stable and diverse sources of funding across customer
deposits and wholesale debt.


Overview

The
non-traded
 market risk framework covers exposures in the banking book, mostly relating to accrual accounted and Available for Sale instruments. The potential volatility of net interest
income is measured by an Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR) metric which is monitored regularly and reported to Senior Management and the BRC as part of the limit monitoring framework.


For further detail on interest rate risk in the banking book governance and framework see pages 347 to 348.


Summary of performance in the period

Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR), is a key measure of interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB). The additional sensitivity measure of a positive 100bps shock was added for 2017, driven by the rise in GBP base rate in November
2017.


146 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Interest rate risk in the banking book

Net interest income sensitivity

The table below shows a sensitivity analysis on

pre-tax
 net interest income for
non-trading
 financial assets and financial liabilities, including the effect of any hedging. The sensitivity has been measured using the
Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR) methodology as described on page 347. Note that this metric assumes an instantaneous parallel change to interest rate forward curves. The model floors shocked market rates at zero; changes in Net Interest Income (NII)
sensitivity are only observed where forward rates are greater than zero. The main model assumptions are: (i) one year time horizon; (ii) balance sheet is held constant; (iii) balances are adjusted for assumed behavioural profiles
(e.g. considers that customers may remortgage before the contractual maturity); and (iv) behavioural assumptions are kept unchanged in all rate scenarios.


Net interest income sensitivity (AEaR) by business unit a,b,c
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Barclays Non-Core £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
+100bps   45   31   –   76
+25bps   11   9   –   20
-25bps   (61   )   (22   )   –   (83   )
As at 31 December 2016
+100bps   19   46   6   71
+25bps   5   16   1   22
-25bps   (130   )   (90   )   –   (220   )

Notes


a   Excludes investment banking business.


b   Excludes Treasury operations, which are driven by the firm’s investments in the liquidity pool, which are risk managed using value-based risk measures described on pages 342 to 344.
Treasury’s NII (AEaR) sensitivity to a +25/-25bps move is £13m / £(2)m respectively.


c   Expected fixed rate mortgage pipeline completions in Barclays UK assumed to be consistent with level and timing of pipeline hedging.


NII asymmetry arises due to the current low level of interest rates. Modelled NII sensitivity to a -25bp shock to rates has however reduced year on
year as a result of the change in UK base rate increasing from 0.25% to 0.5% in November 2017.

Both Barclays UK and Barclays
International exposures to falling rates have reduced as a result of the higher base rate environment and the movement of customer savings rates away from the implicit customer savings market 0% floor.


Net interest income sensitivity (AEaR) by currency a
2017   2016
As at 31 December 2017   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m
GBP   12   (76   )   9   (215   )
USD   1   (1   )   3   (5   )
EUR   4   (1   )   7   1
Other currencies   3   (5   )   3   (1   )
Total   20   (83   )   22   (220   )
As percentage of net interest income   0.20%   (0.84%   )   0.21%   (2.09%   )

Note


a   Barclays UK and Barclays International sensitivity (excluding Investment Banking business and Treasury).


Economic Capital by business unit

Barclays measures some
non-traded
 market risks using an economic capital (EC) methodology. EC is predominantly calculated using a VaR model using a 99% confidence interval aligning to other
regulatory submissions. For more information on definitions of prepayment, recruitment and residual risk, and on how EC is used to manage IRRBB risk, see the treasury and capital risk management section on pages 347 to 348.


Economic Capital by business unit
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International a £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Prepayment risk   20   13   33
Recruitment risk   64   1   65
Residual risk   3   3   6
Total   87   17   104
As at 31 December 2016
Prepayment risk   27   8   35
Recruitment risk   18   2   20
Residual risk   1   35   36
Total   46   45   91

Note


a   Only retail exposures within Barclays International are captured in the measure.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 147


Risk review

Risk performance

Treasury and Capital risk – Interest rate risk


Recruitment risk in Barclays UK has increased by £46m due to higher volumes of pipeline hedging, as a result of increased customer appetite
for fixed rate mortgages.

Analysis of equity sensitivity


Equity sensitivity table measures the overall impact of a +/- 25bps movement in interest rates on retained earnings, available for sale and cash
flow hedge reserves. This data is captured using DV01 metric which is an indicator of the shift in value for a 1 basis point in the yield curve.


Analysis of equity sensitivity
2017   2016
As at 31 December   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m   +25 basis points £m   -25 basis points £m
Net interest income   20   (83   )   22   (220   )
Taxation effects on the above   (6   )   25   (7   )   66
Effect on profit for the year   14   (58   )   15   (154   )
As percentage of net profit after tax   (1.57%   )   6.52%   0.54%   (5.45%   )
Effect on profit for the year (per above)   14   (58   )   15   (154   )
Available for sale reserve   (164   )   219   (154   )   114
Cash flow hedge reserve   (616   )   598   (732   )   692
Taxation effects on the above   195   (204   )   222   (202   )
Effect on equity   (571   )   555   (649   )   450
As percentage of equity   (0.87%   )   0.84%   (0.91%   )   0.63%

As indicated in relation to the net interest income sensitivity table on page 147, the impact of a 25bps movement in
rates is largely driven by Barclays UK.

The year on year movement in cash flow hedge reserve sensitivities was driven by structural
changes in business activities and related hedging. Movements in the available for sale reserve would impact CRD IV fully loaded CET1 capital, however the movement in the cash flow hedge reserve would not impact CET1 capital.


Volatility of the Available for Sale portfolio in the liquidity pool


Changes in value of Available for Sale exposures flow directly through capital via the Available for Sale reserve. The volatility of the value of
the Available for Sale investments in the Liquidity pool is captured and managed through a value measure rather than an earning measure, i.e. the
Non-Traded
 Market Risk VaR.


Although the underlying methodology to calculate the
non-traded
 VaR is identical to the one used in Traded
Management VaR, the two measures are not directly comparable. The
Non-Traded
 VaR represents the volatility to capital driven by the Available for Sale exposures. These exposures are in the banking book and do
not meet the criteria for trading book treatment.

Non-traded
 Value at Risk (£m)


Analysis of volatility of the available for sale portfolio in the liquidity
pool
2017   2016
For the year ended 31 December   Average £m   High £m   Low £m   Average £m   High £m   Low £m
Non-Traded Market Value at Risk (daily, 95%)   36   50   27   40   46   32

Non-traded
 VaR shown was mainly driven by volatility of interest rates in
developed markets. The increases in late Spring and early Autumn were driven primarily by additional outright interest rate risk exposure taken in the liquidity pool at those times.


148 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Operational risk


Operational risk


The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or due to external events (for example,
fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks

All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless
otherwise stated.

Key metrics


87%
of the Group’s net reportable operational risk events had a loss value of £50k or less


75%
of events by number are due to external frand


Overview

Operational risks are inherent in the Group’s business activities and it is not always cost effective or possible to attempt to eliminate all operational risks. The Operational Risk Management Framework is therefore focused on
identifying operational risks and confirming that they are assessed and managed within the Group’s approved risk appetite. More material losses are less frequent and the Group seeks to reduce the likelihood and impact of these in accordance
with its risk appetite.

The Operational Principal Risk comprises the following risks: data management and information, financial
reporting, fraud, payments process, people, premises and security, supplier, tax, technology and transaction operations.

For definitions
of these risks see pages 90 to 91. In order to provide complete coverage of the potential adverse impacts on the Group arising from operational risk, the operational risk taxonomy extends beyond the operational risks listed above to cover areas
included within conduct, legal and model risks.

This section provides an analysis of the Group’s operational risk profile,
including events above the Bank’s reportable threshold, which have had a financial impact in 2017.


For information on conduct risk events please see page 152.

Summary of performance in the period


During 2017, total operational risk losses increased to £309m (2016: £209m) while the number of recorded events for 2017 decreased to
2,949 from 3,414 events recorded during the prior year. The loss for the year was primarily driven by events falling within the execution, delivery and process management and external fraud categories, with a limited number of high impact events.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F    149


Risk review

Risk performance

Operational risk


Operational risk profile


Within operational risk, a high proportion of risk events have a low financial cost while a very small proportion of operational risk events will
have a material impact on the financial results of the Group. In 2017, 87% of the Group’s net reportable operational risk events by volume had a value of less than £50,000 (2016: 86%), although this type of event accounted for only 16%
(2016: 22%) of the Group’s total net operational risk losses.

The analysis below presents the Group’s operational risk events
by Basel event category:


◾   Execution, Delivery and Process Management impacts increased to £222m (2016: £165m) and accounted for 72% (2016: 69%) of overall operational risk losses. The events in this category are
typical of the banking industry as a whole where high volumes of transactions are processed on a daily basis. The increase in impact was largely driven by a limited number of events with higher loss values.


◾   External Fraud is the category with the highest frequency of events (75% of total events in 2017, up from 71% in prior year) where high volume, low value events are driven by debit and credit card
fraud. These accounted for 20% of overall operational risk losses in 2017, slightly down compared to 25% for prior year.


◾   Business Disruption impacts increased to £24m, accounting for 8% of total operational risk losses in 2017, mainly driven by a few events with significant impacts. Overall the volume of events
in this category remained low and decreased from 2016.

The Group’s operational risk profile is informed by
bottom-up
 risk assessments undertaken by each business unit and
top-down
 qualitative review from the Operational Risk Management for each risk type. External Fraud and
Technology are highlighted as key operational risk exposures. The operational risk profile is also informed by a number of risk themes: execution, resilience, cyber and data. These represent threats to the Group but have scope which extends across
multiple risk types, and therefore require a risk management approach which is integrated within relevant risk and control frameworks.


Investment continues to be made in new and enhanced fraud prevention systems and tools to combat the increasing level of fraud attempts being made
and to minimise any disruption to genuine transactions. Fraud remains an industry wide threat and the Group continues to work closely with external partners on various prevention initiatives. Technology, resilience and cyber security risks evolve
rapidly so the Group maintains


continued focus and investment in the control environment to manage these risks, and actively
partners with peers and relevant organisations to understand and disrupt threats originating outside the Group.


For further information, see operational risk management section (pages 90 to 91).

Operational risk events by risk category


% of total risk events by count


Operational risk events by risk category


% of total risk events by value


Note


a   The data disclosed includes operational risk losses for reportable events (excluding BAGL) having an impact of ³ £10,000 and excludes events that are conduct or legal risk, aggregate and boundary events. A boundary event is an operational risk event that results in a credit risk impact. Due to the nature of
risk events that continue to evolve, prior year losses are updated.


150 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Model risk


Model risk
The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based
on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview

Model risk is a focal area of management and the Board. It is an important component of regulators’ assessment of Barclays’ risk management capabilities. Models are used to support a broad range of business and risk
management activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risks, valuing exposures, conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, supporting new business acceptance and risk/reward evaluation,
managing client assets, or meeting reporting requirements.

Summary of performance in the period


The Principal Risk framework for model risk was established in 2016. In 2017, the framework was enhanced and embedded further in the organisation
by:


◾   Strengthening of the Group-wide Model Risk Management (MRM) framework, policy and associated standards, validation templates and procedures.


◾   Enhancement of Board oversight of model risk, through the establishment of a model risk tolerance framework and periodic updates to the Board on the progress of the MRM implementation.


◾   Improved collection and attestation of the Group’s global inventory of models.


◾   Reporting metrics on policy adherence and breaches.


◾   Enhancement of model development and model identification processes, with the areas of model ownership throughout the firm establishing their own model control functions.


In addition to the governance outlined above, which details how new models are validated and existing models are internally controlled and assessed,
models have been classified based on their materiality (the level of reliance placed on the model output for decision making or reporting), and their complexity. A strengthened programme of review and validation for such material models commenced
during 2017. In 2018, model risk governance will be broadened beyond the quantitative models of the firm to include “non-modelled methods” covering certain material decision making and capital planning functions of the firm, such as the
primary stress testing programmes and impairment estimations.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 151


Risk review

Risk performance

Conduct risk


Conduct risk
The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from
the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview

Barclays strives to create and maintain mutually beneficial long-term relationships with its customers and clients. This means taking personal accountability for understanding their needs and providing them with products and
services that meet those needs appropriately and help them manage their financial affairs.

As a transatlantic consumer, corporate and
investment bank, Barclays also plays a critical role in promoting fair, open and transparent markets, as well as fostering shared growth for all. This means abiding by standards that in many cases are higher than those set by the laws and
regulations that apply to the Group.

In 2017, aligned with the revised Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF), the oversight of
financial crime was transferred to conduct risk from operational risk.

Summary of performance in the period


Barclays is committed to continuing to drive the right culture throughout all levels of the organisation. Barclays will continue to enhance
effective management of conduct risk and appropriately consider the relevant tools, governance and management information in decision making processes. Focus on management of conduct risk is ongoing and the Group Dashboards are a key component of
this.

The Group continues to review the role and impact of conduct issues in the remuneration process at both the individual and
business level.

Businesses have continued to assess the potential customer, client and market impacts of strategic change and structural
reform. As part of the 2017 Medium-Term Planning Process, material conduct risks associated with strategic and financial plans were assessed.


Throughout 2017, conduct risks were raised by businesses for consideration by the Board Reputation
Committee (RepCo). RepCo reviewed the risks raised and whether management’s proposed actions were appropriate to mitigate the risks effectively. RepCo received regular updates with regards to key risks and issues including those relating to
structural reform and regulatory change.

The Group continued to incur significant costs in relation to litigation and conduct matters,
please refer to Note 29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters and Note 27 Provisions for further detail. Costs include customer redress and remediation, as well as fines and settlements. Resolution of these matters remains a necessary and
important part of delivering the Group’s strategy and an ongoing commitment to improve oversight of culture and conduct.

The Board
and Senior Management received Group Dashboards setting out key indicators in relation to conduct, culture, citizenship and complaints. These continue to be evolved and enhanced to allow effective oversight and decision making. Barclays has operated
at the overall set tolerance for conduct risk throughout 2017. The tolerance is assessed by the business through Key Indicators which are aggregated and provide an overall rating which is reported to the RepCo as part of the Conduct Dashboard.


Barclays remained focused on the continuous improvements being made to manage risk effectively, with an emphasis on enhancing governance
and management information to help identify risks at earlier stages.


152 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Risk performance

Reputation risk


Reputation risk
The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the
firm’s integrity and competence by clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview

Reputation risk was
re-designated
 as a Principal Risk under Barclays’ Enterprise Risk Management Framework with effect from


January 2017.

Reputation risk may
arise from any business decision or activity. It may also arise as a result of issues and incidents relevant to other Principal Risks, in particular other
non-financial
 risks e.g. conduct or operational risk.
Reputation risks and issues are identified via regular information gathering from within the business and from external stakeholders.


Some risks and issues are specific to Barclays, whilst others are also relevant to the banking sector more generally.


Barclays has set tolerances for reputation risk, which take into account the risks arising from specific events or decisions and longer term
strategic themes. The primary responsibility for managing reputation risk lies with each business and function, where there are processes in place to identify, assess and manage reputation risks and issues.


There are circumstances, however, where it is necessary to escalate to Group level the evaluation of the reputation risk associated with particular
decisions beyond an individual, business or function. The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of reputation risk.


Summary of performance in the period


Barclays is committed to identifying reputation risks and issues as early as possible and managing them appropriately. Throughout 2017, reputation
risks and issues were overseen by the Board Reputation Committee (RepCo), which reviews the processes and policies by which Barclays identifies and manages reputation risk.


RepCo reviewed risks raised by the businesses and considered whether management’s proposed actions, for example attaching conditions to
proposed client transactions or increased engagement with impacted stakeholders, were appropriate to mitigate the risks effectively. RepCo also received regular updates with regard to key reputation risks and issues, including: legacy conduct
issues; Barclays’ association with sensitive sectors; cyber and data security; fraud and scams that could impact Barclays customers and the resilience of key Barclays systems and processes.


In 2017, the central reputation management team received 581 referrals from across the businesses (625 referrals in 2016) for consideration. These
referrals covered a variety of sectors including, but not limited to, defence, fossil fuels and mining.

As part of Barclays 2017 Medium
Term Planning process, material reputation risks associated with strategic and financial plans were also assessed.

The effectiveness of
the supporting governance arrangements and management information, including the impact of other Principal Risks on Barclays’ reputation, were reviewed by the Board and senior management during 2017. Following this, RepCo requested certain
refinements to reputation risk reporting and processes, which are in progress.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 153


Risk review

Risk performance

Legal risk


Legal risk
The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm
to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements. All disclosures in this section are unaudited unless otherwise stated.


Overview

The Group conducts diverse activities in a highly regulated global market and therefore is exposed to the risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages, fines, sanctions and other legal outcomes relating to a failure to meet its
legal obligations in the conduct of its business. Legal risk encompasses the failure of the Group to appropriately escalate or manage contractual arrangements, litigation, intellectual property, competition/anti-trust issues, use of law firms and
its contact with regulators. The multitude of laws and regulations pertaining to the Group’s activities across the globe are by nature dynamic resulting in a level of legal risk that cannot be avoided. A Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF)
prescribes the requirements for identification, escalation, measurement and management of legal risk to support effective risk management across the Group.

Summary of performance in the period

In 2017, Barclays remained focused on continuous improvements to manage legal risk
effectively, with an emphasis on enhancing governance to help identify risks at earlier stages and escalate as appropriate.

This is
supported by the LRMF which includes legal risk tolerances, key indicators and governance. The LRMF is supported by legal risk policies and associated standards covering six areas of identified legal risk and mandatory minimum control requirements.
For further information, see legal risk management on page 95. Legal risk policies and tolerances were reviewed and enhanced during 2017 to reflect the LRMF.


Business and functions have progressed implementing the requirements outlined in the LRMF within
their areas, including strengthening evaluation and monitoring of their legal risk profile. Mandatory training in relation to legal risk was rolled out across the Group in Q4 2017.


The Legal Function organisation and coverage model aligns expertise to businesses, functions, products, activities and geographic locations. It
continues to provide legal support, oversight and challenge across the organisation, including advising on appropriate identification, management and escalation of legal risk and potential legal outcomes aligned to other Principal Risks. A legal
risk oversight committee, as part of the Legal Executive Committee, meets on a quarterly basis to oversee, challenge and monitor legal risk across the Group.

Overall, in 2017 significant progress has been made to implement legal risk as a new Principal Risk across the Group. As the LRMF matures, Barclays will continue to strengthen and embed consistent Group-wide processes to support
management and monitoring of legal risk as well as drive continued education to support proactive identification and escalation of legal risk issues.


154 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Risk review

Supervision and regulation


Supervision of the Group


The Group’s operations, including its overseas branches, subsidiaries and associates, are subject to a large number of rules and regulations
that are a condition for authorisations to conduct banking and financial services business in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates. These apply to business operations, impact financial returns and include capital, leverage and
liquidity requirements, authorisation, registration and reporting requirements, restrictions on certain activities, conduct of business regulations and many others. These requirements are set in legislation and by the relevant central banks and
regulatory authorities that authorise, regulate and supervise the Group in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Often, the requirements may reflect global standards developed by international bodies such as the G20, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (BCBS), the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (lOSCO) and the Financial Stability Board (FSB). Various bodies, such as central banks and self-regulatory organisations, also create voluntary Codes of Conduct which
affect the way the Group does business.

Regulatory developments impact the Group globally. We focus particularly on EU, UK and US
regulation due to the location of Barclays’ principal areas of business. Regulations elsewhere may also have a significant impact on Barclays due to the location of its branches, subsidiaries and, in some cases, clients. For more information on
the risks related to supervision and regulation of the Group, including regulatory change, please see the Risk Factor entitled ‘Regulatory Change agenda and impact on Business Model’ on page 80.


Supervision in the EU


Financial regulation in the UK is to a significant degree shaped and influenced by EU legislation. This provides the structure of the European
Single Market, an important feature of which is the framework for the regulation of authorised firms in the EU. This framework is designed to enable a credit institution or investment firm authorised in one EU member state to conduct banking or
investment business in another member state through the establishment of branches or by the provision of services on a cross-border basis without the need for local authorisation. Barclays’ operations in Europe are authorised and regulated by a
combination of both home and host regulators. The impact of the UK’s departure from the EU in this respect and, more broadly, its impact on the UK domestic regulatory framework, is yet to be determined.


In the UK, the Bank of England (BoE) has responsibility for monitoring the UK financial system as a
whole, including by way of conducting annual stress tests on UK banks. The
day-to-day
 regulation and supervision of the Group is divided between the Prudential
Regulation Authority (PRA) (a division of the BoE) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).

In addition, the Financial Policy
Committee (FPC) of the BoE has influence on the prudential requirements that may be imposed on the banking system through its powers of direction and recommendation.


Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Bank UK PLC are authorised and subject to solo prudential supervision by the PRA and subject to conduct regulation
and supervision by the FCA. Barclays is also subject to prudential supervision by the PRA on a Group consolidated basis. Barclays Bank UK PLC’s authorisation is subject to restrictions on activities expected to be lifted prior to April 2018.
Barclays Services Limited is an appointed representative of Barclays Bank PLC and Clydesdale Financial Services Limited (the principals). This status enables Barclays Services Limited to undertake activities which would otherwise require
authorisation, with the principals assuming regulatory responsibility for the conduct of Barclays Services Limited as their appointed representative. Barclays Bank PLC’s German, French and Italian branches are also subject to direct supervision
by the European Central Bank (ECB). Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, which is licensed as a credit institution by the Central Bank of Ireland, has submitted an application for an extension of its current licence to support the Group’s ability to
provide services to EU clients after Brexit.

In its role as supervisor, the PRA seeks to maintain the safety and soundness of financial
institutions with the aim of strengthening, but not guaranteeing, the protection of customers and the financial system. The PRA’s continuing supervision of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the
collection of information by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular meetings with management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management, conduct and culture and strategy.


The regulation and supervision of market conduct matters is the responsibility of the FCA. The FCA’s regulation of the UK firms in the Group is
carried out through a combination of continuous assessment, regular thematic work and project work based on the FCA’s sector assessments, which analyse the different areas of the market and the risks that may lie ahead.


Both the PRA and the FCA have continued to develop and apply a more assertive approach to supervision
and the application of existing standards. This may include application of standards that either anticipate or go beyond requirements established by global or EU standards, whether in relation to capital, leverage and liquidity, resolvability and
resolution or matters of conduct.

The FCA has retained an approach to enforcement based on credible deterrence that has seen significant
growth in the size of regulatory fines. The approach appears to be trending towards a more US model of enforcement including vigorous enforcement of criminal and regulatory breaches, heightened fines and proposed measures related to increased
corporate criminal liability.

The FCA has focused strongly on conduct risk and on customer outcomes and will continue to do so. This has
included a focus on the design and operation of products, the behaviour of customers and the operation of markets. This may affect both the incidence of conduct costs and increase the cost of remediation.


The FCA and the PRA have also increasingly focused on individual accountability within firms. This focus is reflected in the Senior Managers and
Certification Regime (the SMCR) which came into force in 2016. The SMCR, which implements the recommendations in the final report of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards relating to individual accountability in banks, imposes a
regulatory approval, accountability and fitness and propriety framework in respect of senior or key individuals within relevant firms.


The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has played an active role in recent years in investigating and prosecuting complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
If, as a result of an investigation, the SFO determines that it has sufficient evidence to support a realistic prospect of conviction, and to prosecute would be in the public interest, the SFO may bring forward a prosecution. Alternatively, the SFO
may consider using a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA). DPAs, which were introduced in February 2014, are judicially supervised agreements between the SFO and organisations that could be prosecuted whereby the SFO suspends prosecution while the
organisation in question complies with conditions imposed on it by the DPA, such as the payment of fines.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 155


Risk review

Supervision and regulation


Supervision in the US


Barclays’ US activities and operations are subject to umbrella supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB), as
well as additional supervision, requirements and restrictions imposed by other federal and state regulators. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and their US branches and subsidiaries are subject to a comprehensive regulatory framework involving
numerous statutes, rules and regulations, including the International Banking Act of 1978, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (BHC Act), the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, the Commodity Exchange Act, the federal securities laws, and the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (DFA), which comprehensively amended the regulation of financial institutions in the US in response to the financial crisis, including by amending the other aforementioned statutes. ln some cases, US
requirements may impose restrictions on Barclays’ global activities in addition to its activities in the US.

Barclays PLC and
Barclays Bank PLC, along with Barclays US LLC (BUSL), Barclays’
top-tier
 US holding company that holds substantially all of Barclays’ US subsidiaries and assets (including Barclays Capital Inc. and
Barclays Bank Delaware) are regulated as bank holding companies (BHCs) by the FRB. BUSL is subject to requirements that are similar to those applicable to large US domestic bank holding companies, including in respect of capital adequacy, capital
planning and stress testing (including FRB
non-objection
 to proposed capital distributions), risk management and governance, liquidity, leverage limits and financial regulatory reporting. Barclays Bank
PLC’s US branches are also subject to enhanced prudential supervision requirements relating to, among others, liquidity and risk management.

Because the BHC Act generally restricts the activities of BHCs to banking and activities closely related to banking, Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BUSL have elected to be treated as financial holding companies under the BHC
Act. Financial holding company status allows these entities to engage in a variety of financial and related activities, directly or through subsidiaries, including underwriting, dealing and making markets in securities. Failure to maintain financial
holding company status could result in increasingly stringent penalties and ultimately, in the closure or cessation of certain operations in the US. To qualify as a financial holding company, Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, as foreign banking
organisations and BHCs, and BUSL, as a BHC, must maintain certain regulatory capital ratios above minimum requirements and must be deemed to be “well managed” for U.S. bank regulatory purposes. In addition, any US depository institution
subsidiaries of the foreign banking organisation or BHC must also maintain certain regulatory capital ratios above minimum requirements and be deemed to be “well managed” and must have at least a “satisfactory” rating under the
Community Reinvestment Act of 1977.


In addition to umbrella oversight by the FRB (and applicable Federal Reserve Banks), certain of
Barclays’ branches and subsidiaries are regulated by additional authorities based on the location or activities of those entities. The New York and Florida branches of Barclays Bank PLC are subject to extensive supervision and regulation by, as
applicable, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS) and the Florida Office of Financial Regulation. Barclays Bank Delaware, a Delaware chartered commercial bank, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Delaware Office of
the State Bank Commissioner. The deposits of Barclays Bank Delaware are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which also provides for FDIC supervisory authority over Barclays Bank
Delaware and requires that Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BUSL act as a source of strength for the insured bank. This could, among other things, require these entities to inject capital into Barclays Bank Delaware if it fails to meet applicable
regulatory capital requirements.

Barclays’ US securities broker/dealer and investment banking operations, primarily conducted
through Barclays Capital Inc., are also subject to ongoing supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and other government agencies and self-regulatory
organisations (SROs) as part of a comprehensive scheme of regulation of all aspects of the securities and commodities business under US federal and state securities laws.


Similarly, Barclays’ US commodity futures, commodity options and swaps-related and client clearing operations are subject to ongoing
supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the National Futures Association and other SROs. Barclays Bank PLC is also prudentially regulated as a swaps dealer so is subject to the FRB swaps rules with respect to
margin and capital requirements.

Barclays’ US retail and consumer activities, including the US credit card operations of Barclays
Bank Delaware, are subject to direct supervision and regulation by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). The CFPB has the authority to examine and take enforcement action related to compliance with federal laws and regulations regarding
the provision of consumer financial services and the prohibition of ‘unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices’.


Supervision in Asia Pacific


Barclays’ operations in Asia Pacific are supervised and regulated by a broad range of national regulators including: the Japan Financial
Services Agency, the Bank of Japan, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India and the People’s
Bank of China, China’s State Administration of Foreign Exchange and the China Banking Regulatory Commission. Such supervision and regulation extends to activities conducted through branches of Barclays Bank PLC in the Asia Pacific region as
well as subsidiaries of the Group.

Global regulatory developments


Regulatory change continues to affect all large financial institutions. Such change emanates from global institutions such as the G20, FSB, IOSCO
and BCBS, the EU regionally, and national regulators, especially in the UK and US. The level of regulatory and supervisory uncertainty faced by the Group and the financial markets more broadly continues to remain elevated in our primary markets. In
the EU, the legislative and regulatory bodies have been implementing, and continue to propose, multiple financial regulatory reforms, and the conditions of the UK’s eventual exit from the EU remain unclear, so the extent to which the UK will
continue to follow EU legislation after Brexit remains unclear. In the US, the financial regulatory environment continues to evolve due to political developments and the ongoing implementation of regulations arising from the DFA. Furthermore, the
application of various regional rules on a cross-border basis increases regulatory complexity for global financial institutions. For more information, please see the Risk Factor entitled ‘Regulatory Change agenda and impact on Business
Model’ on page 80.

The programme of reform of the global regulatory framework previously agreed by G20 Heads of Government in April
2009 has continued to be taken forward throughout 2017. The G20 continues to monitor emerging risks and vulnerabilities in the financial system and has stated that it will take action to address them if necessary.


The FSB has been designated by the G20 as the body responsible for
co-ordinating
 the delivery of the global
reform programme in relation to the financial services industry. It has focused particularly on the risks posed by systemically important financial institutions. In 2011, G20 Heads of Government adopted FSB proposals to reform the regulation of
global systemically important financial institutions (G-SIFls), including global systemically important banks
(G-SIBs),
 such as Barclays. In December 2017, the BCBS finalised ‘Basel III’ (the BCBS
international regulatory framework for banks), with the majority of the December 2017 changes expected to be implemented by 1 January 2022, including by regulators in many jurisdictions where Barclays operates.


156 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial regulatory framework


Financial services regulation can broadly be categorised as follows: (a) prudential regulation, which aims to promote safety and soundness of
financial institutions and reduce risk in the financial system; (b) recovery and resolution, a key aspect of which is to ensure that G-SIFls are capable of being resolved without recourse to taxpayer support and minimising market disruption;
(c) structural reform and the Volcker rule; (d) market infrastructure regulation, aimed at enhancing client protection, financial stability and market integrity; and (e) conduct, culture and other regulation.


(a) Prudential regulation


Certain Basel III standards were implemented in EU law through the Capital Requirements Directive IV (CRD IV), which came into effect in 2014 and
included new or enhanced requirements for the quality and quantity of capital, liquidity and leverage. Beyond the minimum standards required by CRD IV, the PRA has expected Barclays, in common with other major UK banks and building societies, to
meet a 7% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio at the level of the consolidated group since 1 January 2016.

G-SIBs
 are subject to a number of additional prudential requirements, including the requirement to hold additional loss absorbing capacity and additional capital buffers above the level required by Basel III
standards. The level of
G-SIB
 buffer is set by the FSB according to a bank’s systemic importance and can range from 1% to 3.5% of risk weighted assets. The
G-SIB

buffer must be met with common equity.

In November 2017, the FSB published an update to its list of

G-SIBs,
 maintaining the 1.5%
G-SIB
 buffer that applies to Barclays. The additional
G-SIB
 buffer has been phased in from January
2016, from when
G-SIBs
 were required to meet 25% of their designated buffer. This increased to 50% in 2017, 75% in 2018 and will increase to 100% in January 2019. Barclays is also subject to, among other
buffers, a countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) based on rates determined by the regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction in which Barclays maintains exposures. These rates may vary in either direction. On 27 June 2017, the FPC raised the
UK CCyB rate from 0% to 0.5% with binding effect from 27 June 2018. In November 2017, the FPC raised the UK CCyB rate from 0.5% to 1% with binding effect from 28 November 2018. In May 2016, the FPC set out a framework for determining a
systemic risk buffer (SRB) for ring-fenced bodies and large building societies (SRB Firms). The SRB is a firm-specific buffer, that is designed to increase the capacity of SRB Firms to absorb stress, and which must be met solely with CET1. The
framework set out by the PRA, which sets SRB at rates between 0% and 3% of risk weighted assets, will apply from 1 January 2019.


In January 2016, the BCBS endorsed a new market risk framework, including rules made as a result of
its “fundamental review of the trading book” (FRTB). The implementation of this framework has now been delayed, with the BCBS setting an expected implementation date of 1 January 2022 to allow for a review of the calibration of the
framework.

The BCBS’s finalisation of Basel III, noted above, among other things, eliminated model-based approaches for certain
categories of risk weighted assets (RWAs) (for example, operational risk RWAs, CVA volatility and credit risk RWAs for equity exposures), revised the standardised approach’s risk weights for a variety of exposure categories, replaced the four
current approaches for operational risk (including the advanced measurement approach) with a single standardised measurement approach, established 72.5% of standardised approach RWAs for exposure categories as a floor for RWAs calculated under
advanced approaches (referred to as the “output floor”), and for
G-SIBs
 introduced a leverage ratio buffer in an amount equal to 50% of the applicable
G-SIB

buffer used for RWA purposes (meaning, for Barclays, a leverage ratio buffer of 0.75%). The majority of the final Basel III changes are expected to be implemented commencing 1 January 2022, with a five-year

phase-in
 period for the output floor.

The BCBS has also published final standards on the
securitisation framework and interest rate risk in the banking book and guidelines on
step-in
 risk. The final standards for measuring and controlling large exposures were published by the BCBS in April 2014 to
take effect in 2019. In November 2016, the European Commission adopted a proposal (commonly referred to as CRD V) to begin the legislative process for introducing these standards within the EU. These proposals, if implemented in their current form,
would, among other things, implement FRTB by overhauling existing rules relating to standardised and advanced market risk and the rules governing the inclusion of positions in the regulatory trading book. The proposals would also enhance rules for
counterparty credit risk, in line with BCBS proposals finalised in 2014, strengthen requirements relating to leverage and large exposures and introduce a net stable funding ratio (NSFR), requiring banks to fund their assets with stable sources of
funds. CRD V also proposes to require that where (i) two or more credit institutions or investment firms established in the EU have a common parent undertaking established outside the EU and (ii) the group has been identified as a
G-SIB
 or has entities in the EU (whether subsidiaries or branches) with total assets of at least
€
30 billion, the group must establish an
intermediate parent undertaking, authorised and established in, and subject to the supervision of, an EU member state.


IFRS 9 (an accounting standard that covers accounting for financial instruments), which was adopted
into EU law by the European Commission in November 2016, came into force on 1 January 2018. In October 2016, the BCBS issued two documents on the treatment of accounting provisions in the regulatory framework, to take account of the future move
to expected credit loss provisioning under IFRS and Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) standards. One paper considered transitional arrangements to phase in the immediate capital impact of the new provisioning standards, while the other
discussed more fundamental changes to the recognition of provisions in regulatory capital and changes to the risk weighting framework. The BCBS then published an interim approach (including transitional arrangements) on 29 March 2017, retaining
the current regulatory treatment of provisions under the Basel framework for an interim period and proposing to consider more thoroughly the longer term regulatory treatment of provisions. On 28 December 2017, an EU Regulation came into force
to provide transitional arrangements for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9, in large part, on CET1 capital arising from the expected credit loss accounting measures set out in IFRS 9. The Regulation has applied since 1 January
2018.

In the US, BUSL and Barclays Bank PLC’s US branches are subject to enhanced prudential supervision requirements as required
by the DFA and described above in “Supervision in the US”.

In addition to prudential regulations already promulgated under the
DFA, the FRB has issued proposed regulations for NSFR implementation. The NSFR, as proposed by the FRB, would apply to US bank holding companies with more than $250bn in total assets or $10bn or more in

on-balance
 sheet foreign exposures, including BUSL, and consolidated depositary institution subsidiaries of such banking organisations with more than $10bn in assets, including Barclays Bank Delaware. Under
the proposed rule, such entities would be required to maintain a minimum level of available stable funding that equals or exceeds the amount of required stable funding over a
one-year
 period. Although the
proposal provides for an effective date of 1 January 2018, the FRB has not finalised its NSFR proposal and the schedule for finalisation is uncertain.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 157


Risk review

Supervision and regulation


Stress testing


The Group and certain of its members are subject to supervisory stress testing exercises in a number of jurisdictions. These exercises currently
include the annual stress testing programmes of the BoE, the FDIC and the FRB and the biannual stress testing programme of the EBA. These exercises are designed to assess the resilience of banks to adverse economic or financial developments and
ensure that they have robust, forward-looking capital planning processes that account for the risks associated with their business profile. Assessment by regulators is on both a quantitative and qualitative basis, the latter focusing on the
Group’s data provision, stress testing capability and internal management processes and controls. Failure to meet requirements of regulatory stress tests, or the failure by regulators to approve the stress test results and capital plans of the
Group or its members subject to these exercises, could result in the Group or certain of its members being required to enhance its capital position or limit capital distributions, to any external holders of its equity or capital or within the Group.


In the US, certain financial institution intermediate holding companies formed in 2016, including BUSL, were not required to participate
in the FRB’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) process in 2017. These firms, however, were required under the FRB’s capital plan rule to submit a capital plan to the FRB that was subject to a confidential review process
based on the assessment criteria in the capital plan rule. These capital plans were not subject to the FRB’s quantitative assessment - which evaluates a firm’s ability to meet its capital requirements under stress - under CCAR or
supervisory stress testing in 2017.

(b) Recovery and Resolution


Stabilisation and resolution framework

An important component of the EU legislative framework is the 2014 Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) which establishes a framework for the recovery and resolution of EU credit institutions and investment firms. The UK
implemented the BRRD through the Bank Recovery and Resolution Order 2014, which amended the Banking Act 2009 (the Banking Act) and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA), and the Banks and Building Societies (Depositor Preference and
Priorities) Order 2014, which amended the Insolvency Act 1986 (among other insolvency legislation).


Under the Banking Act, UK resolution authorities are empowered to intervene in and resolve a UK
financial institution that is no longer viable. Pursuant to these laws, the BoE (in consultation with the PRA and HM Treasury as appropriate) has several stabilisation options where a banking institution is failing or likely to fail:
(i) transfer some or all of the securities or business of the bank to a commercial purchaser; (ii) transfer some or all of the property, rights and liabilities of the bank to a ‘bridge bank’ wholly owned by the BoE or to a
commercial purchaser; (iii) transfer the impaired or problem assets to an asset management vehicle to allow them to be managed over time; (iv) cancel or reduce certain liabilities of the institution or convert liabilities to equity to
absorb losses and recapitalise the institution and (v) transfer the banking institution into temporary public ownership. In addition, the BoE may apply for a court insolvency order in order to wind up or liquidate the institution or to put the
institution into special administration. When exercising any of its stabilisation powers, the BoE must generally provide that shareholders bear first losses, followed by creditors in accordance with the priority of their claims under normal
insolvency proceedings.

In order to enable the exercise of its stabilisation powers, the BoE may impose a temporary stay on the rights
of creditors to terminate, accelerate or close out contracts, and in some cases to override events of default or termination rights that might otherwise be invoked as a result of a resolution action. In addition, the Banking Act gives the BoE the
power to override, vary, or impose conditions or contractual obligations between a UK bank, its holding company and its group undertakings, in order to enable any transferee or successor bank to operate effectively after any of the resolution tools
have been applied. There is also power for HM Treasury to amend the law (excluding provisions made by or under the Banking Act) for the purpose of enabling it to use its powers under this regime effectively, potentially with retrospective effect.
The Banking Act powers apply regardless of any contractual restrictions and compensation that may be payable.

In July 2016, the PRA
issued final rules on ensuring operational continuity in resolution. The rules will apply from 1 January 2019 and will require banks to ensure that their operational structures facilitate effective recovery and resolution planning and the
continued provision of functions critical to the economy in a resolution scenario.

In November 2016, the European Commission proposed a
package of amendments to the BRRD, including the introduction of two new moratorium tools. On 28 December 2017, an EU directive came into force harmonising the priority ranking of unsecured debt instruments under national insolvency laws. EU
member states are required to transpose the directive into national law by 29 December 2018.


The BoE’s preferred approach for the resolution of the Group is a

bail-in
 strategy with a single point of entry at Barclays PLC. Under such a strategy, Barclays PLC’s subsidiaries would remain operational while Barclays PLC’s eligible liabilities would be written
down or converted to equity in order to recapitalise the Group and allow for the continued provision of services and operations throughout the resolution.

While regulators in many jurisdictions have indicated a preference for single point of entry resolution, additional resolution or bankruptcy provisions may apply to certain of Barclays Bank PLC’s subsidiaries or branches. In
the US, Title II of the DFA established the Orderly Liquidation Authority, a regime for orderly liquidation of systemically important financial institutions, which could apply to BUSL. Specifically, when a systemically important financial
institution is in default or danger of default, the FDIC may be appointed receiver under the Orderly Liquidation Authority instead of the institution being resolved through a voluntary or involuntary proceeding under the US Bankruptcy Code. In
certain circumstances, including insolvency, violations of law and unsafe business practices, the licensing authorities of each US branch of Barclays Bank PLC and of Barclays Bank Delaware have the authority to take possession of the business and
property of the applicable Barclays entity they license or to revoke or suspend such licence. Specific resolution regimes may apply to certain Barclays entities or branches in other jurisdictions in which Barclays does business.


TLAC and MREL

The BRRD
requires competent authorities to impose a ‘Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities’ (‘MREL’) on financial institutions to facilitate their orderly resolution without broader financial disruption or recourse to
public funds. Following the finalisation of the BRRD, in November 2015, the FSB finalised its proposals to enhance the loss absorbing capacity of
G-SIBs
 to ensure that there is sufficient loss absorbing and
recapitalisation capacity available in resolution to implement an orderly resolution which minimises the impact on financial stability, ensures the continuity of critical functions and avoids exposing taxpayers to losses. To this end, the FSB has
set a new minimum requirement for ‘total loss absorbing capacity’ (TLAC). As the TLAC standard requires a certain amount of those loss absorbing resources to be committed to subsidiaries or

sub-groups
 that are located in host jurisdictions and deemed material for the resolution of the
G-SIB
 as a whole, the FSB published guiding principles on internal TLAC
on 6 July 2017. These provide guidance on the size and composition of the internal TLAC requirement, cooperation and co-ordination between home and host authorities and the trigger mechanism for internal TLAC.


158 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The EU has proposed to implement the TLAC standard (including internal TLAC) via the MREL requirement
and the European Commission has proposed amendments in its CRD V proposal to achieve this. As the proposals remain in draft, it is uncertain what the final requirements and timing will be. Under the BoE’s statement of policy on MREL, the BoE
will set MREL for UK
G-SIBs
 as necessary to implement the TLAC standard and institution or group-specific MREL requirements will depend on the preferred resolution strategy for that institution or group. The
MREL requirements will be phased in from 1 January 2019 and will be fully implemented by 1 January 2022, at which time
G-SIBs
 with resolution entities incorporated in the UK, including Barclays, will
be required to meet an MREL equivalent to the higher of (i) two times the sum of its Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements or (ii) the higher of two times its leverage ratio or 6.75% of leverage exposures. However, the PRA will review the
MREL calibration by the end of 2020, including assessing the proposal for Pillar 2A recapitalisation which may drive a different 1 January 2022 MREL requirement than currently proposed. In addition, it is proposed that CET1 capital cannot be
counted towards both MREL and the combined buffer requirement (CBR), meaning that the CBR will effectively be applied above both the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2A requirements relating to own funds and MREL.


In October 2016, the BCBS published its final standard on the prudential treatment of banks’ investments in TLAC instruments issued by other
institutions, confirming that internationally active banks (both
G-SIBs
 and
non-G-SIBs)
 must deduct their holdings of TLAC
instruments that do not otherwise qualify as regulatory capital from their own Tier 2 capital. Where the investing bank owns less than 10% of the issuing bank’s common shares, TLAC holdings are to be deducted from Tier 2 capital only to the
extent that they exceed 10% of the investing bank’s common equity (or 5% for
non-regulatory
 capital TLAC holdings); below this threshold, holdings would instead be subjected to risk-weighting.
G-SIBs
 may only apply risk-weighting to
non-regulatory
 capital TLAC holdings by the 5% threshold where those holdings are in the trading book and are sold within 30 business
days.


In December 2016, the FRB issued final regulations for TLAC, which apply to BUSL. The FRB’s
final TLAC rule, while generally following the FSB term sheet, contains a number of provisions that are more restrictive. For example, the FRB’s TLAC rule includes provisions that require BUSL (the Barclays IHC) to have (i) a specified
outstanding amount of eligible long-term debt, (ii) a specified outstanding amount of TLAC (consisting of common and preferred equity regulatory capital plus eligible long-term debt), and (iii) a specified common equity buffer. In
addition, the FRB’s TLAC rule would prohibit BUSL, for so long as the Group’s overall resolution plan treats BUSL as a
non-resolution
 entity, from issuing TLAC to entities other than the Group and
its
non-US
 subsidiaries.

Bank Levy


The BRRD requires EU member states to establish a
pre-funded
 resolution financing arrangement with funding
equal to 1% of covered deposits by 31 December 2024 to cover the costs of bank resolutions. Where the amount of such
pre-funding
 is insufficient, the BRRD requires that EU member states raise subsequent
contributions. The UK government raises both
pre-funded
 and subsequent contributions that would be required were the
pre-funded
 contributions not to cover costs or other
expenses incurred by use of the resolution funds by way of a tax on the balance sheets of banks known as the “Bank Levy”.


Recovery and Resolution Planning

The PRA has made rules that require authorised firms to draw up recovery plans and resolution packs, as required by the BRRD. Recovery plans are designed to outline credible actions that authorised firms could implement in the event
of severe stress in order to restore their business to a stable and sustainable condition. The resolution pack contains detailed information on the authorised firm in question which will be used to develop resolution strategies for that firm, assess
its current level of resolvability against the strategy, and to inform work on identifying barriers to the implementation of operational resolution plans. In the UK, recovery and resolution planning (RRP) work is considered part of continuing
supervision. Removal of potential impediments to an orderly resolution of the Group or one or more of its subsidiaries is considered as part of the BoE’s and PRA’s supervisory strategy for each firm, and the PRA can require firms to make
significant changes in order to enhance resolvability. Barclays currently provides the PRA with a recovery plan annually and with a resolution pack every other year.


In the US, Title I of the DFA and the implementing regulations issued by the FRB and the FDIC require
each bank holding company with assets of US $50 billion or more, including Barclays, to prepare and submit annually a plan for the orderly resolution of subsidiaries and operations in the event of future material financial distress or failure.
Barclays’ next submission will be due on 1 July 2018.

Similar requirements (which include powers for competent authorities to
adopt resolution measures) are in force or expected to come into force imminently in various other jurisdictions, which will affect the Group to the extent it has operations in a relevant jurisdiction.


(c) Structural reform and the Volcker rule

Recent developments in banking law and regulation in the UK have included legislation designed to ring-fence the retail and smaller business deposit-taking businesses of large banks. The Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013
put in place a framework for this ring-fencing and secondary legislation passed in 2014 elaborated on the operation and application of the ring-fence. Ring-fencing will require, among other things, the separation of the retail and smaller business
deposit-taking activities of UK banks in the UK and branches of UK banks in the European Economic Area (EEA) into a legally distinct, operationally separate and economically independent entity, which will not be permitted to undertake a range of
activities from 1 January 2019. Ring-fencing rules have been published by the PRA, further determining how ring-fenced banks will be permitted to operate. Further rules published by the FCA set out the disclosures that
non-ring-fenced
 banks are required to make to prospective account holders of
non-ring-fenced
 banks who are individuals. Barclays’ approach to compliance with the terms of
the UK ring-fencing regime is described in the section entitled ‘Structural Reform’ on page 162.

US regulation places further
substantive limits on the activities that may be conducted by banks and holding companies, including foreign banking organisations such as Barclays. The “Volcker Rule”, which was part of the DFA and which came into effect in the US in
2015, prohibits banking entities from undertaking certain proprietary trading activities and limits such entities’ ability to sponsor or invest in certain private equity funds and hedge funds (in each case broadly defined). As required by the
rule, Barclays has developed and implemented an extensive compliance and monitoring programme addressing proprietary trading and covered fund activities (both inside and outside of the US).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 159


Risk review

Supervision and regulation


(d) Market infrastructure regulation


In recent years, regulators have focused on improving transparency and reducing risk in markets, particularly risks related to
over-the-counter
 (OTC) transactions. This focus has resulted in a variety of new regulations across the G20 countries and beyond that require or encourage
on-venue
 trading, clearing, posting of margin and disclosure of information related to many derivatives transactions. Some of the most significant developments are described below.


The European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) has introduced requirements designed to improve transparency and reduce the risks associated
with the derivatives market, some of which are still to be fully implemented. EMIR requires that certain entities that enter into derivative contracts: report such transactions; clear certain over the counter (OTC) transactions where mandated to do
so; and implement risk mitigation standards in respect of uncleared OTC trades. The obligation to clear derivatives only applies to certain counterparties and specified types of derivatives. In October 2016, the European Commission adopted a
delegated regulation relating to the exchange of collateral, one of the risk mitigation techniques under EMIR. Provisions relating to initial margin have entered into force, subject to a
phase-in
 until
1 September 2020. Provisions relating to variation margin have already entered into force. EMIR has potential operational and financial impacts on the Group, including by imposing collateral requirements.


The European Commission has recently proposed various technical changes to EMIR, some of which could result in certain central counterparties (CCPs)
used by the Group being forced to relocate to a Eurozone jurisdiction. The changes proposed may have additional operational and financial impacts on the Group’s derivatives business.


CRD IV aims to complement EMIR by applying higher capital requirements for bilateral, uncleared OTC derivative trades. Lower capital requirements
for cleared derivative trades are only available if the CCP through which the trade is cleared is recognised as a ‘qualifying central counterparty’ (QCCP) which has been authorised or recognised under EMIR. Higher capital requirements may
apply to the Group following the UK’s departure from the EU if UK CCPs are then no longer regarded as QCCPs and vice versa.


The new Markets in Financial Instruments Directive and Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation
(collectively referred to as MiFID II) have applied in large part since 3 January 2018. MiFID II affects many of the investment markets in which the Group operates, the instruments in which it trades and the way it transacts with market
counterparties and other customers. Changes introduced by MiFID II include, among others: the introduction of a new type of trading venue (the organised trading facility), capturing
non-equity
 trading that
fell outside the MiFID I regime; the strengthening of conduct of business requirements, including in relation to conflicts of interest; the expansion of the concept of, and requirements applicable to, firms which systematically trade against
proprietary capital (systematic internalisers); and increased obligations on firms to secure best execution for their client. In addition, MiFID II mandates a trading obligation for certain types of cleared derivatives.


MiFID II strengthens investor protections, imposes new curbs on high frequency and commodity trading, increases

pre-and
 post-trade transparency and introduces a new regime for third country
(non-EU)
 firms. MiFID II also includes new requirements relating to
non-discriminatory
 access to trading venues, central counterparties and benchmarks, research unbundling and harmonised supervisory powers and sanctions across the EU.


Some final rules and guidance on the application of MiFID II are yet to be published, and so we anticipate continuing development of application of
the rules within the market into 2018.

US regulators have imposed similar rules as the EU with respect to the mandatory
on-venue
 trading and clearing of certain derivatives, and post-trade transparency, as well as in relation to the margining of OTC derivatives. US regulators have addressed the applicability of certain of their
regulations to cross-border transactions, and are continuing to review and consider their rules with respect to their application on a cross-border basis, including with respect to their registration requirements in relation to
non-US
 swap dealers and security-based swap dealers. The regulators may adopt further rules, or provide further guidance, regarding the cross-border applicability of such rules. In December 2017, the CFTC and the
European Commission recognised the trading venues of each other’s jurisdiction to allow market participants to comply with mandatory
on-venue
 trading requirements while trading on certain venues
recognised by the other jurisdiction.


The EU Benchmarks Regulation came into force in June 2016. Although some provisions have applied
since 2016, the majority of provisions have applied since 3 January 2018 (subject to transitional provisions). This Regulation applies to the administration, contribution of data to and use of benchmarks within the EU. Financial institutions
within the EU will be prohibited from using benchmarks unless their administrators are authorised, registered or otherwise recognised in the EU. This may impact the ability of Barclays to use certain benchmarks in the future.


In 2015, the European Commission launched work on establishing a Capital Markets Union (CMU) within the EU. The CMU aims to increase the
availability of
non-bank
 financing in the EU, deepen the EU single market for financial services and promote growth and financial stability. The CMU work programme is now being considered in light of Brexit.
Recent proposals have therefore included considerably broadened central supervisory powers for the European Supervisory Authorities (ESAs) (including in relation to outsourcing, and delegation and risk transfer by entities authorised in the EU to
entities or branches in third countries) and an increased focus by the ESAs on ongoing equivalence assessments in the context of third country regimes in various EU regulations and directives.


Certain participants in US swap markets are required to register with the CFTC as ‘swap dealers’ or ‘major swap participants’
and/or, following the compliance date for relevant SEC rules, with the SEC as ‘security-based swap dealers’ or ‘major security-based swap participants’. Such registrants are subject to CFTC, and would be subject to SEC regulation
and oversight. The SEC finalised the rules governing security based swap dealer registration in 2015 but clarified that registration timing is contingent upon the finalisation of certain additional rules under Title VII of DFA, several of which are
still pending. Additional SEC rules governing security-based swap transactions, including security-based swap reporting, will become effective after the security-based swap dealer registration date. Entities required to register are subject to
business conduct, record-keeping and reporting requirements and will be subject to capital and margin requirements in connection with transactions with certain US and
non-US
 counterparties. Barclays Bank PLC
has provisionally registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer and is subject to CFTC rules on business conduct, record-keeping and reporting. With respect to margin and capital, Barclays is subject to the rules of the FRB in connection with its swap
dealer business.


160 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The CFTC has approved certain comparability determinations that permit substituted compliance with
non-US
 regulatory regimes for certain swap regulations related to business conduct and other requirements, while other determinations remain pending. Most recently, in October 2017, the CFTC issued an order
permitting substituted compliance with EU margin rules for certain uncleared derivatives. However, as Barclays is subject to the margin rules of the FRB, it will not benefit from the CFTC’s action unless the FRB takes a similar approach. The
CFTC has stated that its transaction-level rules (such as margin and documentation requirements) would apply to certain transactions entered into between a
non-US
 swap dealer and a
non-US
 counterparty, if the transactions are arranged, negotiated or executed by personnel in the US, but has delayed the compliance date for this requirement until the effective date of future CFTC action
addressing the way in which each transaction-level requirement must be applied.

It is unclear whether further changes will be made to
the CFTC’s proposed rules or when they will become effective. In addition, it is uncertain whether and to what degree other US regulators, such as the FRB, will take an approach similar to the CFTC’s regarding substituted compliance.


(e) Conduct, culture and other regulation


Conduct and culture

On
7 March 2016, the PRA and FCA introduced measures to increase the individual accountability of senior managers and other covered individuals in the banking sector. The new regime comprises the ‘Senior Managers Regime’, which applies
to a limited number of individuals with senior management responsibilities within a firm, the ‘Certification Regime’, which is intended to assess and monitor the fitness and propriety of a wider range of employees who could pose a risk of
significant harm to the firm or its customers, and conduct rules that individuals subject to either regime must comply with. From March 2017, the conduct rules have applied more widely to other staff of firms within the scope of the regime. The
Financial Services Act 2010, among other things, requires the UK regulators to make rules about remuneration and to require regulated firms to have a remuneration policy that is consistent with effective risk management.


The Banking Act also amended FSMA to allow the FCA to make rules requiring firms to operate a collective consumer redress scheme to deal with cases
of widespread failure by regulated firms to meet regulatory requirements that may have created consumer detriment.


Our regulators have also enhanced their focus on the promotion of cultural values as a key area for
banks, although they generally view the responsibility for reforming culture as primarily sitting with the industry.

Data protection
and PSD2

Barclays has to comply with national data protection laws, governing the collection, use and disclosure of personal data,
in a majority of the countries in which it operates. From 25 May 2018, data protection laws throughout the EU will be replaced by a single General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which enhances the rights and protections available to data
subjects. The UK government has confirmed the UK will adopt and apply the GDPR from May 2018 and a bill has been published to implement GDPR. The impact across Barclays will be significant, affecting not only Group entities operating and processing
personal data within the EU but also those outside the EU offering goods or services to, or monitoring, individuals within the EU. The GDPR contains significant financial penalties for data protection breaches and

non-compliance,
 of up to 4% of Group global turnover.

A number of recent developments have
indicated a clear political and regulatory desire to make customer transactional account information more easily accessible to customers and parties providing services to them, such as the revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2) (which, in
accordance with the requirements under that Directive, must have been implemented by 13 January 2018). In addition to attempting to harmonise conduct rules for all providers of electronic payment services in the EU, PSD2 also creates a new
prudential authorisation regime for
non-bank
 payment services providers. PSD2 replaces the previous Payment Services Directive, and has a wider scope, applying transparency and information requirements to
payment transactions in all currencies where the provider of at least one leg of the payment service is located in the EU.

Cyber
security

Regulators in the EU and US have been increasingly focused on cyber security risk management for banking organisations and
have proposed laws and regulations and other requirements that necessitate implementation of a variety of increased controls for regulated Barclays entities. These include, among others, the adoption of cyber security policies and procedures meeting
specified criteria, minimum required security measures, enhanced reporting, compliance certification requirements and other cyber and information risk governance measures. When implemented, the proposals may increase technology and compliance costs
for Barclays.


Sanctions and financial crime


The UK Bribery Act 2010 introduced a new form of corporate criminal liability focused broadly on a company’s failure to prevent bribery on its
behalf. The legislation has broad application and in certain circumstances may have extraterritorial impact as to entities, persons or activities located outside the UK, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. In practice, the legislation
requires Barclays to have adequate procedures to prevent bribery which, due to the extraterritorial nature of the status, makes this both complex and costly.

On 30 September 2017, the Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced new corporate criminal offences of failing to prevent the facilitation of UK and overseas tax evasion. The legislation has very broad extra-territorial application
and may impact entities, persons or activities located outside the UK, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. It also requires Barclays to have reasonable prevention procedures in place to prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion by
persons acting for, or on behalf of, Barclays.

In the US, the Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act 2001 and regulations thereunder
contain numerous anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing requirements for financial institutions. In addition, Barclays is subject to the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits certain payments to foreign officials, as well as
rules and regulations relating to economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by the US Office of Foreign Assets Control which restrict certain business activities with certain individuals, entities, groups, countries and territories.


Two significant new regulatory rules will be coming into force in the US in 2018: the New York Department of Financial Services (DFS)
Rule 504 and the US Department of Treasury’s Financial Crime Enforcement Network (FinCEN) Customer Due Diligence (CDD) Rule. Rule 504 enumerates detailed transaction filtering and screening requirements for potential Bank Secrecy Act and
anti-money laundering violations and transactions with sanctioned entities, applicable to institutions regulated by the DFS (including Barclays Bank PLC, New York branch) and requires a senior bank official to certify compliance. The CDD Rule
requires Barclays to identify natural beneficial owners above a certain threshold of clients that are legal entities within the US market.

In some cases, US state and federal regulations addressing sanctions, money laundering and other financial crimes may impact entities, persons or activities located outside the US, including Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries. The
enforcement of these regulations has been a major focus of US state and federal government policy relating to financial institutions in recent years, and failure of a financial institution to ensure compliance could have serious legal, financial and
reputational consequences for the institution.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 161


Risk review

Supervision and regulation


Note

a Illustration of Barclays business divisions in preparation for regulatory ring-fencing. Plans are subject to internal and regulatory approvals and may change.


Structural Reform


Overview

Barclays intends to
achieve ring-fencing separation by transferring the Barclays UK division of Barclays Bank PLC to Barclays Bank UK PLC, the ring-fenced bank of the Group. Immediately following the transfer, Barclays Bank PLC’s shares in Barclays Bank UK PLC
will be distributed to the Parent company, Barclays PLC, establishing Barclays Bank UK PLC as a direct subsidiary of Barclays PLC. Barclays Bank PLC will continue to house the Barclays International division. The two banking entities will operate
alongside one another, together with Barclays Services Limited (ServCo), as subsidiaries of Barclays PLC within the Barclays Group.

In
order to achieve this target-state structure, Barclays will need to undertake a number of legal transfers, including the transfer of customer and
non-customer
 assets, liabilities and contractual arrangements.


Barclays is using a court approved statutory ring-fencing transfer scheme (RFTS) process as set out in the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 to conduct the majority of these transfers. In addition to the transfers conducted through the RFTS, certain items will be transferred via separate arrangements. Barclays is on track to be compliant with ring-fencing requirements
well in advance of the 1 January 2019 statutory deadline.

Timeline


Barclays’ Structural Reform timeline, including progress to date and indicative future milestones is as follows:


◾   2015:


–   Barclays Bank UK PLC, the legal entity which will become the ring-fenced bank, was incorporated.


◾   2016:


–   Barclays UK and Barclays International business divisions were established


–   Barclays’ US intermediate holding company was established as an umbrella holding company for Barclays’ US subsidiaries, including Barclays Capital Inc. (US broker-dealer) that operates
key investment banking businesses and Barclays Bank Delaware that operates Barclaycard US


–   Barclays Bank UK PLC banking authorisation application was submitted to the regulators


–   ServCo became a direct subsidiary of Barclays PLC.


◾   2017:


–   Banking licence (with restrictions) granted to Barclays Bank UK PLC in April 2017


–   The majority of assets, liabilities, and other items connected with service provision were transferred from Barclays Bank PLC to ServCo, resulting in the execution of the ServCo build being
substantially complete


–   Transfers of employees to the target structure employing entities took place in September 2017 under the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations 2006


–   Sort codes have been split between Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, with the last tranche completed in January 2018, so that each of the Group’s sort codes is aligned to a single
bank


–   RFTS court process has been initiated with the Directions Hearing held at the High Court of England and Wales on 10 November 2017, where the Barclays Group’s communications programme for
notifying customers and other stakeholders of the RFTS was approved.


◾   2018:


–   Sanction Hearing will be held on 26 and 27 February 2018 at which the Court will be asked to sanction Barclays’ RFTS


–   Subject to the Court sanctioning the RFTS, Barclays UK businesses and related items will be transferred to Barclays Bank UK PLC at the RFTS effective date, currently expected to be 1 April
2018

Immediately following the RFTS transfers, the shares in Barclays Bank UK PLC will be transferred from Barclays Bank
PLC to Barclays PLC, establishing Barclays Bank UK PLC as a direct subsidiary of Barclays PLC.

Illustrative unaudited
pro-forma
 financials for Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC are available at home.barclays/results.


162 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review


A review of the performance of Barclays, including the key performance indicators, and the contribution of each of our businesses to the overall performance of the Group.


Financial review   Page
◾ Key
performance indicators   164
◾ Consolidated
summary income statement   166
◾ Income
statement commentary   167
◾ Consolidated
summary balance sheet   168
◾ Balance
sheet commentary   169
◾ Analysis of
results by business   170
◾ Non-IFRS performance measures   181


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 163


Financial review

Key performance indicators


In assessing the financial performance of the Group, management uses a range of KPIs which focus on the Group’s financial strength, the delivery of sustainable returns and cost management. Significant strategic progress was made in 2017 with the closure of Barclays Non-Core and sell down of our stake in Barclays Africa, marking the completion of
our restructuring and enabling us to set new targets for Group returns and costs. The Non-Core segment was closed on 1 July 2017 with RWAs of £23bn, below guidance of approximately £25bn as set
out in the 2016 KPIs. With the closure of Non-Core we no longer have a Core
and Non-Core distinction within the Group and hence the previous target of Group RoTE to converge with Core RoTE has been updated. The Group is now targeting RoTE, excluding
litigation and conduct, of greater than 9% in 2019 and greater than 10% in 2020, based on a Group CET1 ratio of
c.13%. Guidance for Group operating expenses,
excluding litigation and conduct, is £13.6-13.9bn in 2019 and to have a
cost: income ratio of below 60%.


Non-IFRS performance measures Barclays’ management believes that the non-IFRS performance measures included in this document provide
valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the business’ performance between financial periods, and provide more detail concerning the
elements   of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of the
Group. They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management. However, any non-IFRS performance measures in this
document are not a substitute for IFRS   measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well. Refer to pages 181 to 183 for further information and calculations
of non-IFRS performance measures included throughout this section, and the most directly comparable IFRS measures.
Definition   Why is it important and how the Group performed
CRD IV fully loaded CET1 ratio Capital requirements are part of the regulatory framework governing how banks and depository institutions are supervised. Capital ratios express a
bank’s capital as a percentage of its RWAs as defined by the PRA. In the context of CRD IV, the fully loaded CET1 ratio is a measure of capital that is predominantly common equity as defined by the CRR.   The Group’s capital management objective is to maximise shareholder value by
prudently managing the level and mix of its capital to: ensure the Group and all of its subsidiaries are appropriately capitalised relative to their regulatory minimum and stressed capital requirements, support the Group’s risk appetite, growth
and strategic options, while seeking to maintain a robust credit proposition for the Group and its subsidiaries. The Group’s CRD IV fully loaded CET1 ratio increased to 13.3% (2016: 12.4%), as RWAs decreased £53bn to £313bn and CET1 capital
reduced to £41.6bn (2016: £45.2bn). The 90bps improvement was driven by organic capital generation from continuing operations, and the benefit of the proportional consolidation of BAGL and rundown of Non-Core, partially offset by adverse movements in reserves and the net impact of the re-measurement of US DTAs. Group target: CET1 ratio target of 150-200bps above the expected end point regulatory minimum level, providing 450-500bps buffer to the Bank of England stress test systemic reference
point.   13.3% CRD IV fully loaded CET1 ratio 2016: 12.4% 2015: 11.4%


164 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Definition   Why is it important and how the Group performed
Average UK leverage ratio The ratio is calculated as the average fully loaded tier 1 capital divided by average UK leverage exposure. The average exposure measure excludes qualifying central bank claims.   The leverage ratio is non-risk based and is intended to act as a supplementary measure to
the risk-based capital metrics such as the CET1 ratio. The average
UK leverage ratio increased to 4.9% (2016: 4.5%) driven by a decrease in average UK leverage exposure to £1,045bn (2016: £1,137bn), partially offset by a decrease in the average fully loaded tier 1 capital to £51.2bn (2016:
£51.6bn). Group target: maintaining the leverage
ratio above the expected end point minimum requirement.   4.9% Average UK
leverage ratio 2016: 4.5% 2015: n/a
Return on equity RoE is calculated as profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit recorded in reserves in
respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments.   This measure indicates the return generated by the management of the business based on
shareholders’ equity. RoE for the Group decreased to (3.1%)
(2016: 3.0%) reflecting an attributable loss of £1,922m (2016: profit of £1,623m).   (3.1%) Group RoE 2016: 3.0% 2015:
(0.6%)
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity RoTE is calculated as profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit recorded in reserves in
respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non- controlling interests and other equity instruments adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.   This measure indicates the return generated by the management of the business based on
shareholders’ tangible equity. Achieving a target RoTE demonstrates the organisation’s ability to execute its strategy and align management’s interests with the shareholders’. RoTE lies at the heart of the Group’s capital
allocation and performance management process. RoTE for the Group
was negative 3.6% (2016: positive 3.6%) reflecting an attributable loss of £1,922m (2016: profit of £1,623m), which included charges for litigation and conduct of £1,207m, a £1,090m impairment of Barclays’ holding in
BAGL, a £1,435m loss on the sale of 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital and a one-off net charge of £901m due to the re-measurement of US DTAs in
Q417. RoTE for the Group excluding litigation and conduct, losses
related to the sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs was 5.6%. Based on a CET1 ratio of 13% this would have been 5.5%. Group target: Group RoTE, excluding litigation and conduct, of greater than
9% in 2019 and greater than 10% in 2020, based on a CET1 ratio of c.13%.   (3.6%) Group RoTE 2016: 3.6% 2015: (0.7%) 5.6% Group RoTE
excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re- measurement of US DTAs
Operating expenses Total operating expenses.   Barclays views operating expenses as a key strategic area for banks; those who actively
manage costs and control them effectively will gain a strong competitive advantage. Operating expenses for the Group were £15.5bn (2016: £16.3bn). Excluding litigation and conduct charges, Group operating expenses were £14.2bn, in line with 2017 guidance. Group target: operating expenses, excluding litigation and conduct, of £13.6-13.9bn in 2019.   £15.5bn Operating expenses 2016: £16.3bn 2015:
£18.5bn £14.2bn Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct 2016: £15.0bn 2015:
£14.1bn
Cost: income ratio Operating expenses divided by total income.   This is a measure management uses to assess the productivity of the business operations.
Restructuring the cost base is a key execution priority for management and includes a review of all categories of discretionary spending and an analysis of how we can run the business to ensure that costs increase at a slower rate than
income. The Group cost: income ratio reduced to 73% (2016: 76%)
driven by a 5% reduction in operating expenses, partially offset by a 2% reduction in total income. The reduction in operating expenses was primarily driven by lower Non-Core related operating
expenses. Group target: a cost: income ratio of below
60%.   73% Cost: income ratio 2016: 76% 2015:
84%


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 165


Financial review

Consolidated summary income statement


For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m   2014 £m   2013 £m
Continuing operations
Net interest income   9,845   10,537   10,608   10,086   9,457
Net fee, commission and other income   11,231   10,914   11,432   11,677   14,587
Total income   21,076   21,451   22,040   21,763   24,044
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (2,336   )   (2,373   )   (1,762   )   (1,821   )   (2,601   )
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (13,884   )   (14,565   )   (13,723   )   (14,959   )   (16,628   )
UK bank levy   (365   )   (410   )   (426   )   (418   )   (462   )
Litigation and conduct   (1,207   )   (1,363   )   (4,387   )   (2,807   )   (2,442   )
Operating expenses   (15,456   )   (16,338   )   (18,536   )   (18,184   )   (19,532   )
Other net income/(expenses)   257   490   (596   )   (445   )   (32   )
Profit before tax   3,541   3,230   1,146   1,313   1,879
Tax charge   (2,240   )   (993   )   (1,149   )   (1,121   )   (1,251   )
Profit/(loss) after tax in respect of continuing operations   1,301   2,237   (3   )   192   628
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued operation   (2,195   )   591   626   653   669
Non-controlling interests in respect of continuing operations   (249   )   (346   )   (348   )   (449   )   (414   )
Non-controlling interests in respect of discontinued operation   (140   )   (402   )   (324   )   (320   )   (343   )
Other equity instrument holders a   (639   )   (457   )   (345   )   (250   )   –
Attributable (loss)/profit   (1,922   )   1,623   (394   )   (174   )   540
Selected financial statistics
Basic (loss)/earnings per share a   (10.3p   )   10.4p   (1.9p   )   (0.7p   )   3.8p
Diluted (loss)/earnings per share a   (10.1p   )   10.3p   (1.9p   )   (0.7p   )   3.7p
Dividends per ordinary share   3.0p   4.5p   6.5p   6.5p   6.5p
Return on equity   (3.1%   )   3.0%   (0.6%   )   (0.2%   )   1.0%
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity a   (3.6%   )   3.6%   (0.7%   )   (0.3%   )   1.2%

Note


a   The profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders of £639m (2016: £457m) is offset by a tax credit recorded in reserves of £174m (2016: £128m). The net
amount of £465m (2016: £329m), along with non-controlling interests is deducted from profit after tax in order to calculate earnings per share and return on average tangible shareholders’
equity.

The financial information above is extracted from the published accounts. This information should be read
together with the information included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


166 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review

Income statement commentary


2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax increased 10% to £3,541m driven by a 5% reduction in operating expenses, partially offset by a 2% reduction in income and
lower other net income. Results were impacted by the appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP of 5% and 7% respectively, compared to 2016, which positively impacted income and adversely affected impairment and operating expenses.


Following the closure of Barclays
Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017, Group results for 2017 included a Barclays
Non-Core
 loss before tax for the six months ended 30 June 2017 of £647m, compared to a loss before tax of £2,786m for the full year in 2016. From 1 July 2017, residual Barclays
Non-Core
 assets and liabilities were reintegrated into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office.


Total income decreased to £21,076m (2016: £21,451m) reflecting a £613m decrease in Barclays International and a £262m
reduction in Head Office, partially offset by a reduction in losses related to
Non-Core.


Credit
impairment charges were broadly stable at £2,336m (2016: £2,373m) and reflected a charge of £168m in 2017 relating to deferred consideration from an asset sale in US Cards, and the

non-recurrence
 of a £320m charge in 2016 following the management review of the UK and US cards portfolio impairment modelling. Impairment increased in Barclays International driven by an increase in
underlying delinquency trends and business growth in US Cards. The Group loan loss rate increased 4bps to 57bps.

Operating expenses
reduced 5% to £15,456m driven primarily by lower
Non-Core
 related operating expenses. Excluding litigation and conduct charges, Group operating expenses were £14.2bn, in line with 2017 guidance.


Other net income of £257m (2016: £490m) primarily reflected a gain of £109m on the sale of Barclays’ share in
VocaLink to MasterCard and a gain of £76m on the sale of a joint venture in Japan.


The effective tax rate on profit before tax increased to 63.3% (2016: 30.7%) principally due to a
one-off
 tax charge of £1,177m due to the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs as a result of the US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, partially offset by an unrelated £276m increase in
US DTAs due to a
re-measurement
 of Barclays Bank PLC’s US branch DTAs.

Loss after tax in
respect of the Africa Banking discontinued operation of £2,195m included a £1,090m impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL and a £1,435m loss on the sale of 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital, primarily due to recycling
of currency translation reserve losses to the income statement on accounting deconsolidation.

RoE was negative 3.1% (2016: positive
3.0%). RoTE was negative 3.6% (2016: positive 3.6%) and basic loss per share was 10.3p (2016: earnings per share of 10.4p). Excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to the sell down of BAGL and the

one-off
 net charge due to the re-measurement of US DTAs, RoTE was 5.6% and earnings per share was 16.2p.

2016 compared to 2015

Profit before tax increased to £3,230m (2015: £1,146m). The Group performance
reflected good operational performance in Barclays UK and Barclays International while being impacted by the
Non-Core
 loss before tax of £2,786m (2015: £2,603m) driven by the accelerated rundown of

Non-Core
 and provisions for UK customer redress of £1,000m (2015: £2,772m). The appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP positively impacted income and adversely affected impairment and
operating expenses.

Total income decreased 3% to £21,451m as
Non-Core
 income reduced
£1,776m to a net expense of £1,164m due to the acceleration of the
Non-Core
 rundown, while Barclays International income increased 9% to £14,995m, with growth in both CIB and Consumer, Cards
and Payments, and Barclays UK income increased 2% to £7,517m.

Total income included a £615m (2015: £nil) gain on
disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited and an own credit loss of £35m (2015: gain of £430m).

Credit
impairment charges increased £611m to £2,373m including a £320m charge in Q316 following the management review of the UK and US cards portfolio impairment modelling and balance growth primarily within Consumer, Cards and Payments.
This was partially offset by a reduction in credit impairment charges of 9% to £122m in
Non-Core
 due to lower impairment charges in European businesses. This resulted in an 11bps increase in the loan
loss rate to 53bps.


Operating expenses reduced 12% to £16,338m reflecting lower litigation and conduct charges.
This was partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of the prior year gain of £429m on the valuation of a component of the defined retirement benefit liability and increased structural reform implementation
costs. Operating expenses also included a £395m additional charge in Q416 relating to 2016 compensation awards reflecting a decision to more closely align income statement recognition with performance awards and to harmonise deferral
structures across the Group.

Operating expenses included provisions for UK customer redress of £1,000m (2015: £2,772m).


The cost: income ratio improved to 76% (2015: 84%).


Other net income of £490m (2015: expense of £596m) included gains on the sale of Barclays Risk Analytics and Index Solutions, the Asia
wealth and investment management business and the Southern European cards business, partly offset by the loss on sale of the French retail business of £455m.


The effective tax rate on profit before tax decreased to 30.7% (2015: 100.3%) principally as a result of a reduction in
non-deductible
 charges.

Profit after tax in respect of continuing operations increased to
£2,237m (2015: loss of £3m). Profit after tax in relation to the Africa Banking discontinued operation decreased 6% to £591m as increased credit impairment charges and operating expenses were partially offset by income growth.


RoE was positive 3.0% (2015: negative 0.6%). RoTE was positive 3.6% (2015: negative 0.7%) and basic earnings per share was 10.4p (2015:
loss per share of 1.9p).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 167


Financial review

Consolidated summary balance sheet


As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m   2014 £m   2013 £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   102,353   49,711   39,695   45,687
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   1,467   1,011   1,210   1,282
Trading portfolio assets   113,760   80,240   77,348   114,717   133,069
Financial assets designated at fair value   116,281   78,608   76,830   38,300   38,968
Derivative financial instruments   237,669   346,626   327,709   439,909   350,300
Financial investments   58,916   63,317   90,267   86,066   91,756
Loans and advances to banks   35,663   43,251   41,349   42,111   39,422
Loans and advances to customers   365,552   392,784   399,217   427,767   434,237
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12,546   13,454   28,187   131,753   186,779
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   1,193   71,454   7,364   –   –
Other assets   18,433   19,572   21,019   36,378   22,128
Total assets   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012   1,357,906   1,343,628
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   37,723   48,214   47,080   58,390   55,615
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   446   636   1,013   1,177   1,359
Customer accounts   429,121   423,178   418,242   427,704   431,998
Trading portfolio liabilities   37,351   34,687   33,967   45,124   53,464
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   173,718   96,031   91,745   56,972   64,796
Derivative financial instruments   238,345   340,487   324,252   439,320   347,118
Debt securities in issue a   73,314   75,932   69,150   86,099   86,693
Subordinated liabilities   23,826   23,383   21,467   21,153   21,695
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowings   40,338   19,760   25,035   124,479   196,748
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   –   65,292   5,997   –   –
Other liabilities   13,050   14,161   16,200   31,530   20,193
Total liabilities   1,067,232   1,141,761   1,054,148   1,291,948   1,279,679
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   22,045   21,842   21,586   20,809   19,887
Other equity instruments   8,941   6,449   5,305   4,322   2,063
Other reserves   5,383   6,051   1,898   2,724   249
Retained earnings   27,536   30,531   31,021   31,712   33,186
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   63,905   64,873   59,810   59,567   55,385
Non-controlling interests   2,111   6,492   6,054   6,391   8,564
Total equity   66,016   71,365   65,864   65,958   63,949
Total liabilities and equity   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012   1,357,906   1,343,628
Net asset value per ordinary share   322p   344p   324p   335p   331p
Tangible net asset value per share   276p   290p   275p   285p   283p
Number of ordinary shares of Barclays PLC (in millions)   17,060   16,963   16,805   16,498   16,113
Year-end US dollar exchange rate   1.35   1.23   1.48   1.56   1.65
Year-end Euro exchange rate   1.13   1.17   1.36   1.28   1.20

Note


a   Debt securities in issue include covered bonds of £8.5bn (2016: £12.4bn).


168 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review

Balance sheet commentary


Total assets


Total assets decreased £80bn to £1,133bn.

Cash and balances at central banks and items in the course of collection from other banks increased £69bn to £173bn, as the cash contribution to the Group liquidity pool was increased.


Trading portfolio assets increased £34bn to £114bn due to increased activity.


Financial assets designated at fair value increased £38bn to £116bn primarily due to increased reverse repurchase agreements to fund
trading activity.

Derivative financial instrument assets decreased £109bn to £238bn which is consistent with the movement in
derivative financial instrument liabilities. The decrease reflects the portfolio rundown of Barclays Non-Core, the adoption of daily settlements under the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME), an increase in major interest rate forward curves and the
depreciation of period end USD against GBP.

Financial investments decreased £4bn to £59bn due to a decrease in government
bonds held in the liquidity pool.

Total loans and advances decreased £35bn to £401bn which comprised of a lending reduction
of £22bn and a net decrease of £13bn in settlement and cash collateral balances.

Assets included in disposal groups
classified as held for sale decreased £70bn to £1bn driven by the disposal of BAGL and the French retail business.

Total
liabilities

Total liabilities decreased £75bn to £1,067bn.


Deposits from banks decreased £10bn to £38bn driven by a £7bn decrease due to lower cash collateral and a decrease in central bank
funding.

Customer accounts increased £6bn to £429bn driven by a £5bn increase due to increased funding requirements to
fund the liquidity pool assets and a £14bn increase in deposits. These were partially offset by a £5bn reduction in cash collateral balances and a £7bn reduction in prime brokerage balances.


Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing increased £21bn to £40bn. This
was primarily due to £10bn of new USD trades and other similar secured lending.

Derivative financial instruments decreased
£102bn to £238bn in line with the decrease in derivative financial instrument assets.

Liabilities included in disposal
groups classified as held for sale decreased £65bn to £nil driven by the disposal of BAGL and the French retail business.


Financial liabilities designated at fair value increased £78bn to £174bn. During the period, repurchase agreements designated at fair
value have increased £71bn and debt securities by £7bn.

Total shareholders’ equity


Total shareholders’ equity decreased £5.3bn to £66.0bn.


Share capital and share premium increased £0.2bn to £22.0bn due to the issuance of shares under employee share schemes and the Barclays
PLC scrip dividend programme.

Other equity instruments increased £2.5bn to £8.9bn primarily due to the issuance of equity
accounted AT1 securities.

The available for sale reserve increased £0.4bn to £0.3bn. The reserve movement is driven by fair
value movements on available for sale investments.

Cash flow hedging reserve has decreased £0.9bn to £1.2bn driven by a
£0.6bn decrease in the fair value of interest rate swaps held for hedging purposes as forward interest rates increased and £0.6bn due to gains recycled to the income statement, offset by a £0.3bn tax charge.


The currency translation reserve remained flat at £3.1bn which principally reflected the depreciation of period end USD against GBP, offset by
a £1.6bn net loss from recycling of the currency translation reserve to the income statement. This included a £1.4bn recycling of the currency translation reserve associated with the disposal of BAGL.


Non-controlling
 interests decreased £4.4bn to £2.1bn, driven by a £3.4bn reduction due to
the disposal of BAGL and £0.9bn relating to the redemption of preference shares.

Net asset value per share decreased to 322p
(2016: 344p). Tangible net asset value per share decreased to 276p (2016: 290p) as profit before tax was more than offset by the net impact of the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs in Q417 and adverse movements across
reserves.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 169


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


Barclays UK


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   6,086   6,048   5,973
Net fee, commission and other income   1,297   1,469   1,370
Total income   7,383   7,517   7,343
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (783   )   (896   )   (706   )
Net operating income   6,600   6,621   6,637
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (4,030   )   (3,792   )   (3,464   )
UK bank levy   (59   )   (48   )   (77   )
Litigation and conduct   (759   )   (1,042   )   (2,511   )
Operating expenses   (4,848   )   (4,882   )   (6,052   )
Other net expenses   (5   )   (1   )   –
Profit before tax   1,747   1,738   585
Attributable profit/(loss)   853   828   (47   )
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to customers at amortised cost   £183.8bn   £166.4bn   £166.1bn
Total assets   £237.4bn   £209.6bn   £202.5bn
Customer deposits   £193.4bn   £189.0bn   £176.8bn
Loan: deposit ratio   95%   88%   94%
Risk weighted assets   £70.9bn   £67.5bn   £69.5bn
Key facts
Average LTV of mortgage portfolio a   48%   48%   49%
Average LTV of new mortgage lending a   64%   63%   64%
Number of branches   1,208   1,305   1,362
Mobile banking active customers   6.4m   5.4m   4.5m
30 day arrears rate – Barclaycard Consumer UK   1.8%   1.9%   2.3%
Number of employees (full time equivalent) b   22,800   36,000   38,800
Performance measures
Return on equity   6.6%   6.4%   (0.2%   )
Average allocated equity   £13.6bn   £13.4bn   £13.7bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   9.8%   9.6%   (0.3%   )
Average allocated tangible equity   £9.1bn   £8.9bn   £9.3bn
Cost: income ratio   66%   65%   82%
Loan loss rate (bps)   42   52   42
Net interest margin   3.49%   3.62%   3.56%

Notes


a   Average LTV of mortgage portfolio and new mortgage lending calculated on the balance weighted basis.


b   As a result of the establishment of the Group Service Company in September 2017, employees who are now employed by the Group Service Company and who were previously allocated to, or were within,
Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


170 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Analysis of Barclays UK
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Analysis of total income
Personal Banking   3,823   3,891   3,714
Barclaycard Consumer UK   1,977   2,022   2,065
Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking   1,583   1,604   1,564
Total income   7,383   7,517   7,343
Analysis of credit impairment charges and other provisions
Personal Banking   (222   )   (183   )   (194   )
Barclaycard Consumer UK   (541   )   (683   )   (488   )
Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking   (20   )   (30   )   (24   )
Total credit impairment charges and other provisions   (783   )   (896   )   (706   )
Analysis of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost
Personal Banking   £139.8bn   £135.0bn   £134.0bn
Barclaycard Consumer UK   £16.4bn   £16.5bn   £16.2bn
Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking a   £27.6bn   £14.9bn   £15.9bn
Total loans and advances to customers at amortised cost   £183.8bn   £166.4bn   £166.1bn
Analysis of customer deposits
Personal Banking   £141.1bn   £139.3bn   £131.0bn
Barclaycard Consumer UK   –   –   –
Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking   £52.3bn   £49.7bn   £45.8bn
Total customer deposits   £193.4bn   £189.0bn   £176.8bn

Note


a   Includes the integration of the ESHLA portfolio at amortised cost from Barclays Non-Core.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 171


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax increased 1% to £1,747m as lower PPI charges of £700m (2016: £1,000m) and a reduction in credit impairment
charges were partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016, higher costs of setting up the ring-fenced bank and increased investment,
primarily in cyber resilience, digital and technology.

Total income decreased 2% to £7,383m, of which £151m reflected the
non-recurrence
 of the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016.


Personal Banking income decreased 2% to £3,823m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain and the
impact of the UK base rate reduction in 2016, partially offset by deposit pricing initiatives, growth in balances and an update to EIR modelling. Barclaycard Consumer UK income decreased 2% to £1,977m reflecting a provision for remediation in
H217. Wealth, Entrepreneurs & Business Banking (WEBB) income decreased 1% to £1,583m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain, partially offset by growth in balances.


Net interest income increased 1% to £6,086m due to deposit pricing initiatives and growth in loans and advances to customers and deposits,
partially offset by the impact of the UK base rate reduction in 2016. Net interest margin decreased 13bps to 3.49% reflecting the integration of the Education, Social Housing and Local Authority (ESHLA) portfolio from

Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017. Net fee, commission and other income decreased 12% to £1,297m driven by the
non-recurrence
 of the Visa gain.


Credit impairment charges decreased 13% to £783m principally reflecting the
non-recurrence
 of a
£200m charge in 2016 following the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling, partially offset by higher charges in Barclaycard Consumer UK and Personal Banking.


Operating expenses decreased 1% to £4,848m due to lower charges for PPI of £700m (2016: £1,000m), partially offset by the costs of
setting up the ring-fenced bank and increased investment, primarily in cyber resilience, digital and technology. The cost: income ratio was 66% (2016: 65%).


Loans and advances to customers increased 10% to £183.8bn and total assets increased 13% to
£237.4bn, reflecting the integration of the ESHLA portfolio from
Non-Core
 into WEBB on 1 July 2017 and mortgage growth in Personal Banking in H217.


Customer deposits increased 2% to £193.4bn due to deposit growth, partially offset by the realignment of clients between Barclays UK and
Barclays International in preparation for structural reform.

RWAs increased to £70.9bn (December 2016: £67.5bn) reflecting
the integration of the ESHLA portfolio.

2016 compared to 2015


Profit before tax increased £1,153m to £1,738m reflecting lower provisions for UK customer redress and a reduction in operating
expenses. This was partially offset by an increase in credit impairment charges following the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling.

Total income, including a gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited recognised in Personal Banking and WEBB, increased 2% to £7,517m.


Personal Banking income increased 5% to £3,891m driven by the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited, improved
deposit margins and balance growth, partially offset by lower mortgage margins. Barclaycard Consumer UK income decreased 2% to £2,022m primarily as a result of the European Interchange Fee Regulation, which came into full effect from December
2015, offset by balance growth and gains from debt sales. WEBB income increased 3% to £1,604m reflecting the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited, improved margins and deposit growth, partially offset by reduced
transactional fee income.

Net interest income increased 1% to £6,048m due to balance growth and deposit pricing initiatives,
partially offset by lower mortgage margins. Net interest margin increased 6bps to 3.62% reflecting higher margins on deposits, partially offset by lower mortgage margins. Net fee, commission and other income increased 7% to £1,469m due to the
gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited, partially offset by the impact of the European Interchange Fee Regulation in Barclaycard Consumer UK, which came into full effect from December 2015, and reduced fee and commission
income in WEBB.


Credit impairment charges increased 27% to £896m due to a £200m charge in Q316 following
the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling. The 30 day and 90 day arrears rates on the cards portfolio improved year on year to 1.9% (2015: 2.3%) and 0.9% (2015: 1.2%) respectively.


Operating expenses reduced 19% to £4,882m reflecting lower provisions for UK customer redress, savings realised from strategic cost
programmes, relating to restructuring of the branch network and technology improvements, partially offset by structural reform programme implementation costs.


The cost: income ratio was 65% (2015: 82%), RoE was 6.4% (2015: negative 0.2%) and RoTE was 9.6% (2015: (0.3%)).


Loans and advances to customers were stable at £166.4bn (December 2015: £166.1bn).


Total assets increased £7.1bn to £209.6bn primarily reflecting an increase in the allocated liquidity pool.


Customer deposits increased 7% to £189.0bn primarily driven by higher balances in Personal Banking and WEBB.


RWAs reduced £2.0bn to £67.5bn primarily driven by changes in the mortgages credit risk model.


172 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays International


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   4,307   4,512   4,324
Net trading income   3,971   4,580   3,782
Net fee, commission and other income   6,104   5,903   5,641
Total income   14,382   14,995   13,747
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (1,506   )   (1,355   )   (922   )
Net operating income   12,876   13,640   12,825
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (9,321   )   (9,129   )   (8,029   )
UK bank levy   (265   )   (284   )   (253   )
Litigation and conduct   (269   )   (48   )   (1,310   )
Operating expenses   (9,855   )   (9,461   )   (9,592   )
Other net income   254   32   45
Profit before tax   3,275   4,211   3,278
Attributable profit   847   2,412   1,758
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost a   £198.7bn   £211.3bn   £184.1bn
Trading portfolio assets   £113.0bn   £73.2bn   £61.9bn
Derivative financial instrument assets   £236.2bn   £156.2bn   £111.5bn
Derivative financial instrument liabilities   £237.8bn   £160.6bn   £119.0bn
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   £12.4bn   £13.4bn   £24.7bn
Financial assets designated at fair value   £104.1bn   £62.3bn   £46.8bn
Total assets   £856.1bn   £648.5bn   £532.2bn
Customer deposits b   £225.1bn   £216.2bn   £185.6bn
Loan: deposit ratio c   62%   78%   80%
Risk weighted assets   £210.3bn   £212.7bn   £194.8bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent) d   11,500   36,900   39,100
Performance measures
Return on equity   3.2%   8.8%   6.6%
Average allocated equity   £30.5bn   £28.2bn   £27.1bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   3.4%   9.8%   7.2%
Average allocated tangible equity   £28.1bn   £25.5bn   £24.9bn
Cost: income ratio   69%   63%   70%
Loan loss rate (bps)   75   63   49
Net interest margin   4.16%   3.98%   3.80%

Notes


a   As at 31 December 2017 loans and advances included £170.4bn (December 2016: £185.9bn) of loans and advances to customers (including settlement balances of £15.7bn (December
2016: £19.5bn) and cash collateral of £35.9bn (December 2016: £30.1bn)), and £28.3bn (December 2016: £25.4bn) of loans and advances to banks (including settlement balances of £2.3bn (December 2016: £1.7bn)
and cash collateral of £18.0bn (December 2016: £6.3bn)). Loans and advances to banks and customers in respect of Consumer, Cards and Payments were £38.6bn (December 2016: £39.7bn).


b   As at 31 December 2017 customer deposits included settlement balances of £15.2bn (December 2016: £16.6bn) and cash collateral of £27.3bn (December 2016: £20.8bn).


c   Loan: deposit ratio excludes investment banking balances other than interest earning lending. Comparatives have been restated to include interest earning lending balances within the investment
banking business.


d   As a result of the establishment of the Group Service Company in September 2017, employees who are now employed by the Group Service Company and who were previously allocated to, or were within,
Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 173


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


Analysis of Barclays International
Corporate and Investment Bank   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Macro   1,634   2,304   2,108
Credit   1,241   1,185   824
Equities   1,629   1,790   1,912
Markets   4,504   5,279   4,844
Banking fees   2,612   2,397   2,087
Corporate lending   1,093   1,195   1,361
Transaction banking   1,629   1,657   1,663
Banking   5,334   5,249   5,111
Other   40   5   495
Total income   9,878   10,533   10,450
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (213   )   (260   )   (199   )
Operating expenses   (7,742   )   (7,624   )   (7,929   )
Other net income   133   1   –
Profit before tax   2,056   2,650   2,322
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost   £160.1bn   £171.6bn   £152.0bn
Customer deposits   £165.9bn   £166.2bn   £143.8bn
Risk weighted assets   £176.2bn   £178.6bn   £167.3bn
Performance measures
Return on equty   1.1%   5.8%   5.1%
Average allocated equity   £24.9bn   £23.2bn   £23.1bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   1.1%   6.1%   5.4%
Average allocated tangible equity   £24.0bn   £21.9bn   £21.9bn
Consumer, Cards and Payments
Income statement information
Total income   4,504   4,462   3,297
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (1,293   )   (1,095   )   (723   )
Operating expenses   (2,113   )   (1,837   )   (1,663   )
Other net income   121   31   45
Profit before tax   1,219   1,561   956
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost   £38.6bn   £39.7bn   £32.1bn
Customer deposits   £59.2bn   £50.0bn   £41.8bn
Risk weighted assets   £34.1bn   £34.1bn   £27.5bn
Key facts
30 day arrears rate – Barclaycard US   2.6%   2.6%   2.2%
Total number of Barclaycard business clients   366,000   355,000   341,000
Value of payments processed   £322bn   £296bn   £271bn
Performance measures
Return on equity   12.5%   23.1%   15.3%
Average allocated equity   £5.6bn   £5.0bn   £4.0bn
Return on average allocated tangible equity   16.7%   31.4%   20.2%
Average allocated tangible equity   £4.2bn   £3.6bn   £3.0bn


174 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


2017 compared to 2016


Profit before tax decreased 22% to £3,275 driven by a 4% decrease in total income, an 11% increase in credit impairment charges and a 4%
increase in operating expenses.

Total income decreased 4% to £14,382m, including the 5% appreciation of average USD and the 7%
appreciation of average EUR against GBP, as CIB income decreased 6% to £9,878m, partially offset by a 1% increase in Consumer, Cards and Payments income to £4,504m.


Markets income decreased 15% to £4,504m. Macro income decreased 29% to £1,634m driven by lower market volatility in rates, the exit of
the energy-related commodities business and the integration of
Non-Core
 assets on 1 July 2017. Credit income increased 5% to £1,241m due to improved performance in municipals. Equities income
decreased 9% to £1,629m driven by US equity derivatives as a result of lower market volatility, partially offset by improved performance in equity financing.


Banking income increased 2% to £5,334m. Banking fee income increased 9% to £2,612m due to higher debt and equity underwriting fees, with
fee share gains in banking overall and debt underwriting. Corporate lending declined 9% to £1,093m driven by lower lending balances due to the realignment of certain clients between Barclays UK and Barclays International in preparation for
structural reform and the reallocation of RWAs within CIB, as well as the
non-recurrence
 of prior year treasury gains and lower
work-out
 gains. Transaction banking
declined 2% to £1,629m driven by lower trade balances and the
non-recurrence
 of prior year treasury gains, partially offset by higher average deposit balances.


Consumer, Cards and Payments income increased 1% to £4,504m driven by continued business growth, a gain of £192m relating to the Q117
asset sale in US Cards and a valuation gain on Barclays’ preference shares in Visa Inc. of £74m, partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of the £464m gain on the disposal of Barclays’
share of Visa Europe Limited in 2016.


Credit impairment charges increased 11% to £1,506m, including the appreciation of average USD
and EUR against GBP. CIB credit impairment charges decreased 18% to £213m primarily due to the
non-recurrence
 of oil and gas single name charges in 2016, offset by a single name charge in 2017. Consumer,
Cards and Payments credit impairment charges increased 18% to £1,293m primarily due to a £168m charge in Q317 relating to deferred consideration from the Q117 asset sale in US Cards, an increase in underlying delinquency trends and
business growth in US Cards. This was partially offset by the
non-recurrence
 of a £120m charge in 2016 following the management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling. The 30 and 90 day
arrears rates within US Cards were stable at 2.6% (December 2016: 2.6%) and 1.3% (December 2016: 1.3%) respectively, including a benefit from the Q117 asset sale in US Cards.


Operating expenses increased 4% to £9,855m, including the appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP. CIB operating expenses increased 2%
to £7,742m reflecting a provision of £240m in respect of Foreign Exchange matters recognised in Q417, continued investment in technology, partially offset by lower restructuring charges and the reduced impact of the change in
compensation awards introduced in Q416. Consumer, Cards and Payments increased 15% to £2,113m including continued growth and investment, primarily within the US Cards and merchant acquiring businesses.


Other net income increased to £254m (2016: £32m) due to a gain of £109m on the sale of Barclays’ share in VocaLink to
MasterCard and a gain of £76m on the sale of a joint venture in Japan.

Attributable profit reduced to £847m (2016:
£2,412m) including the net tax charge due to the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs in Q417.

Loans
and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost decreased £12.6bn to £198.7bn with CIB decreasing £11.5bn to £160.1bn due to a reduction in lending. Consumer, Cards and Payments decreased £1.1bn to £38.6bn
due to the depreciation of period end USD against GBP, partially offset by the realignment of certain clients from Barclays UK to Barclays International in preparation for structural reform.


Trading portfolio assets increased £39.8bn to £113.0bn due to increased activity.


Derivative financial instrument assets and liabilities increased £80.0bn to £236.2bn and
£77.2bn to £237.8bn respectively, reflecting the integration of balances from
Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017, partially offset by adoption of daily settlements under the CME, an increase in major
interest rate forward curves and the depreciation of period end USD against GBP.

Financial assets designated at fair value increased
£41.8bn to £104.1bn primarily due to increased reverse repurchase agreements activity.

Customer deposits increased
£8.9bn to £225.1bn, with Consumer, Cards and Payments increasing £9.2bn to £59.2bn driven by the realignment of certain clients from Barclays UK to Barclays International in preparation for structural reform.


RWAs decreased £2.4bn to £210.3bn due to the net impact of the
re-measurement
 of US DTAs and the
depreciation of period end USD against GBP, partially offset by increased trading portfolio and securities financing transaction volumes.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 175


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


2016 compared to 2015


Profit before tax increased 28% to £4,211m due to the gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited and a 1% decrease in
total operating expenses, partially offset by a 47% increase in impairment.

Total income increased 9% to £14,995m, including the
appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP, with Consumer, Cards and Payments income increasing 35% to £4,462m and CIB income increasing 1% to £10,533m.


Markets income increased 9% to £5,279m. Credit income increased 44% to £1,185m driven by strong performance in fixed income flow credit
which benefited from increased market volatility and client demand. Equities income decreased 6% to £1,790m with lower client activity in Asia and the simplification of the EMEA business, partially offset by improved performance in cash,
derivatives and financing in H216. Macro income increased 9% to £2,304m driven by increased activity post the EU referendum decision and US elections.

Banking income increased 3% to £5,249m. Banking fees income increased 15% to £2,397m driven by higher debt underwriting and advisory fees, partially offset by lower equity underwriting fees. Corporate lending reduced 12%
to £1,195m due to losses on fair value hedges and the
non-recurrence
 of
one-off

work-out
 gains recognised in Q215.
Transaction banking was broadly flat at £1,657m (2015: £1,663m) as income from higher deposit balances was offset by margin compression.

Consumer, Cards and Payments income increased 35% to £4,462m driven by the £464m gain on disposal of Barclays’ share of Visa Europe Limited, growth across all key businesses and the appreciation of average USD and
EUR against GBP.


Credit impairment charges increased 47% to £1,355m including the appreciation of average USD
and EUR against GBP. CIB credit impairment charges increased 31% to £260m driven by the impairment of a number of single name exposures. Consumer, Cards and Payments credit impairment charges increased 51% to £1,095m primarily driven by
balance growth, a change in portfolio mix and a £120m charge in Q316 following a management review of the cards portfolio impairment modelling.

Operating expenses decreased 1% to £9,461m. CIB decreased 4% to £7,624m reflecting lower litigation and conduct costs. This was partially offset by the appreciation of average USD against GBP, an additional charge in
Q416 relating to the 2016 compensation awards, higher restructuring costs, £150m of which related to reducing the real estate footprint in Q316, and higher structural reform programme implementation costs including those relating to the
incorporation of the US IHC on 1 July 2016. Consumer, Cards and Payments increased 10% to £1,837m due to continued business growth and the appreciation of average USD and EUR against GBP, partially offset by lower restructuring costs.


The cost: income ratio was 63% (2015: 70%), RoE was 8.8% (2015: 6.6%) and RoTE was 9.8% (2015: 7.2%).


Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost increased £27.2bn to £211.3bn with CIB increasing £19.6bn to
£171.6bn due to increased lending and cash collateral and the appreciation of USD and EUR against GBP. Consumer, Cards and Payments increased £7.6bn to £39.7bn driven by appreciation of USD and EUR against GBP and growth in
Barclaycard US, including the acquisition of the JetBlue credit card portfolio.

Trading portfolio assets increased £11.3bn to
£73.2bn due to an increase in client activity and appreciation of major currencies against GBP.

Derivative financial instrument
assets and liabilities increased £44.7bn to £156.2bn and £41.6bn to £160.6bn respectively, due to the appreciation of USD and EUR against GBP and decreases in forward interest rates.


Financial assets designated at fair value increased £15.5bn to £62.3bn and reverse
repurchase agreements and other similar lending decreased £11.3bn to £13.4bn. Since 2015, new reverse repurchase agreements in certain businesses have been designated at fair value to better align to the way the business manages the
portfolio’s risk and performance. On a net basis reverse repos have increased by £4.2bn as a result of increased matched book trading.

Customer deposits increased £30.6bn to £216.2bn, with CIB increasing £22.4bn to £166.2bn primarily driven by increases in deposits cash collateral and the appreciation of USD and EUR against GBP. Consumer,
Cards and Payments increased £8.2bn to £50.0bn driven by balance growth in Barclaycard US and Private Banking, and the appreciation of USD and EUR against GBP.


RWAs increased £17.9bn to £212.7bn, due to the appreciation of USD against GBP, and business growth, including the acquisition of the
JetBlue credit card portfolio in Consumer, Cards and Payments.


176 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Head Office


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   (435   )   (183   )   (305   )
Net fee, commission and other income a   276   286   643
Total income   (159   )   103   338
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (17   )   –   –
Net operating (expenses)/income   (176   )   103   338
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (277   )   (135   )   (272   )
UK bank levy   (41   )   (2   )   (8   )
Litigation and conduct   (151   )   (27   )   (66   )
Operating expenses   (469   )   (164   )   (346   )
Other net (expenses)/income   (189   )   128   (106   )
(Loss)/profit before tax   (834   )   67   (114   )
Attributable (loss)/profit   (868   )   110   11
Balance sheet information
Total assets   £39.7bn   £75.2bn   £59.4bn
Risk weighted assets b   £31.8bn   £53.3bn   £39.7bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent) c   45,600   100   100
Performance measures
Average allocated equity   £10.6bn   £8.0bn   £3.9bn
Average allocated tangible equity (£bn)   £9.3bn   £6.5bn   £2.6bn

Notes


a   Following the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017, own credit, which was previously reported in net fee, commission and other income, is now recognised in
other comprehensive income. The comparative figures for net fee, commission and other income include own credit.


b   Includes Africa Banking RWAs of £6.4bn (December 2016: £42.3bn).


c   As a result of the establishment of the Group Service Company in September 2017, employees who are now employed by the Group Service Company and who were previously allocated to, or were within,
Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


2017 compared to 2016


Loss before tax was £834m (2016: profit of £67m).


Total income reduced to an expense of £159m (2016: income of £103m) primarily due to lower net income from treasury operations.


Operating expenses increased to £469m (2016: £164m) due to costs associated with

Non-Core
 assets and businesses, which were integrated on 1 July 2017, and increased litigation and conduct costs, including a settlement to resolve the civil action brought by the US Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission’s Office of Enforcement and provisions for other legacy redress.

Other net expenses were £189m (2016:
income of £128m) driven by an expense of £180m on the recycling of the currency translation reserve to the income statement on the sale of Barclays Bank Egypt. 2016 included a gain due to recycling of the currency translation reserve on
disposal of the Southern European cards business.


Total assets decreased to £39.7bn (December 2016: £75.2bn) primarily due to the
accounting deconsolidation of BAGL, which accounted for £65bn of total assets on deconsolidation from the Barclays Group. This was partially offset by the integration of
Non-Core
 assets on 1 July
2017, of which c.£9bn related to Italian mortgages.

RWAs decreased to £31.8bn (December 2016: £53.3bn) reflecting a
£31.1bn reduction as a result of the proportional consolidation of BAGL, partially offset by the integration of
Non-Core
 assets.


2016 compared to 2015

Profit
before tax was £67m (2015: loss of £114m).

Net operating income decreased 70% to £103m due to an own credit charge of
£35m (2015: gain of £430m), partially offset by changes in net income from treasury operations.

Operating expenses reduced
53% to £164m primarily due to a reduction in structural reform implementation costs now allocated to the businesses and a reduction in litigation and conduct costs.


Other net income increased to £128m (2015: expense of £106m) primarily due to recycling
of the currency translation reserve on the disposal of the Southern European cards business. The 2015 expense included losses on sale relating to legacy businesses.


Total assets increased £15.8bn to £75.2bn primarily driven by the appreciation of ZAR against GBP.


RWAs increased £13.6bn to £53.3bn primarily driven by the appreciation of ZAR against GBP and the reallocation of operational risk RWAs
from
Non-Core
 associated with exited businesses and assets.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 177


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


Barclays
Non-Core


2017 a £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   (112   )   160   615
Net trading income   (488   )   (1,703   )   (706   )
Net fee, commission and other income   70   379   703
Total income   (530   )   (1,164   )   612
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (30   )   (122   )   (134   )
Net operating (expenses)/income   (560   )   (1,286   )   478
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (256   )   (1,509   )   (1,958   )
UK bank levy   –   (76   )   (88   )
Litigation and conduct   (28   )   (246   )   (500   )
Operating expenses   (284   )   (1,831   )   (2,546   )
Other net income/(expenses)   197   331   (535   )
Loss before tax   (647   )   (2,786   )   (2,603   )
Attributable loss   (419   )   (1,916   )   (2,418   )
Balance sheet information
Loans and advances to banks and customers at amortised cost   –   £51.1bn   £51.8bn
Derivative financial instrument assets   –   £188.7bn   £213.7bn
Derivative financial instrument liabilities   –   £178.6bn   £202.1bn
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   –   £0.1bn   £3.1bn
Financial assets designated at fair value   –   £14.5bn   £21.4bn
Total assets   –   £279.7bn   £325.8bn
Customer deposits   –   £12.5bn   £20.9bn
Risk weighted assets   –   £32.1bn   £54.3bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent)   –   5,500   9,900

Note


a   Represents financial results for the six months ended 30 June 2017.


The
Non-Core
 segment was closed on 1 July 2017 with the
residual assets and liabilities reintegrated into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office.


Financial results up until 30 June 2017 are reflected in the

Non-Core
 segment within the Group’s results for the year ended

31 December 2017.


178 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Discontinued Operation: Africa Banking


2017 a £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Income statement information
Net interest income   1,024   2,169   1,950
Net fee, commission and other income   762   1,577   1,464
Total income   1,786   3,746   3,414
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (177   )   (445   )   (353   )
Net operating income   1,609   3,301   3,061
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL   (1,130   )   (2,345   )   (2,091   )
UK bank levy   –   (65   )   (50   )
Other net income excluding loss on sale of BAGL   5   6   7
Profit before tax excluding impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL and loss on sale of BAGL   484   897   927
Impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL   (1,090   )   –   –
Loss on sale of BAGL   (1,435   )   –   –
(Loss)/profit before tax   (2,041   )   897   927
Tax charge   (154   )   (306   )   (301   )
(Loss)/profit after tax   (2,195   )   591   626
Attributable (loss)/profit   (2,335   )   189   302
Balance sheet information
Total assets   –   £   65.1bn   £   47.9bn
Risk weighted assets   –   £   42.3bn   £   31.7bn
Key facts
Number of employees (full time equivalent)   –   40,800   41,500

Note


a   The Africa Banking income statement represents five months of results as a discontinued operation to 31 May 2017.


On 1 March 2016, Barclays announced its intention to reduce the Group’s 62.3% interest in
BAGL to a level which would permit Barclays to deconsolidate BAGL from a regulatory perspective and, prior to that, from an accounting perspective. From this date, BAGL was treated as a discontinued operation. On 5 May 2016, Barclays sold 12.2%
of the Group’s interest in BAGL and on 1 June 2017 Barclays sold a further 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital, resulting in the accounting deconsolidation of BAGL from the Barclays Group. At this time, Barclays’ holding in BAGL
technically met the requirements to be treated as an Associate. However, following a revision of its governance rights in July 2017 and the difference being immaterial, the holding was treated as an AFS asset from the transaction date.


In Q317 Barclays contributed 1.5% of BAGL’s ordinary shares to a Black Economic Empowerment
scheme, resulting in Barclays accounting for 126 million ordinary shares in BAGL, representing 14.9% of BAGL’s issued share capital. The retained investment is reported as an AFS asset in the Head Office segment, with Barclays’ share
of BAGL’s dividend recognised in the Head Office income statement.

For regulatory reporting purposes, BAGL is treated on a
proportional consolidated basis based on a holding of 14.9% as at Q417. Subject to regulatory approval, Barclays expects to fully deconsolidate BAGL from a regulatory perspective by the end of 2018.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 179


Financial review

Analysis of results by business


Margins analysis


Total Barclays UK and Barclays International net interest income increased 1% to £10.4bn due to an increase in average customer assets to
£278.5bn (2016: £274.6bn) with growth in Barclays UK, partially offset by a reduction in Barclays International.


Net interest margin decreased 2bps to 3.74% primarily reflecting the integration of ESHLA loans from
Non-Core
 on 1 July 2017 into Barclays UK, partially offset by broadly stable net interest income in Barclays International, despite reducing average customer assets. Group net interest income decreased to


£9.8bn (2016: £10.5bn) including net structural hedge contributions of £1.3bn (2016: £1.5bn).


Net interest margin by business reflects movements in the Group’s internal funding rates which
are based on the cost to the Group of alternative funding in wholesale markets. The internal funding rate prices intra-group funding and liquidity to appropriately give credit to businesses with net surplus liquidity and to charge those businesses
in need of alternative funding at a rate that is driven by prevailing market rates and includes a term premium.


Year ended 31 December 2017   Year ended 31 December 2016
Net interest income £m   Average customer assets £m   Net interest margin %   Net interest income £m   Average customer assets £m   Net interest margin %
Barclays UK   6,086   174,484   3.49   6,048   167,233   3.62
Barclays International a   4,326   104,039   4.16   4,275   107,333   3.98
Total Barclays UK and Barclays International   10,412   278,523   3.74   10,323   274,566   3.76
Other b   (567   )   214
Total net interest income   9,845   10,537

Notes


a   Barclays International margins include interest earning lending balances within the investment banking business.


b   Other includes Head Office and non-lending related investment banking balances. Barclays Non-Core is included for the
full comparative period and the first six months of the current period.


180 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial review

Non-IFRS
 performance measures


Barclays’ management believes that the
non-IFRS

performance measures included in this document provide valuable information to the readers of the financial statements as they enable the reader to identify a more consistent basis for comparing the business’ performance between financial
periods, and provide more detail concerning the elements of performance which the managers of these businesses are most directly able to influence or are relevant for an assessment of Barclays


PLC and its subsidiaries (the Group). They also reflect an important aspect of the way in which
operating targets are defined and performance is monitored by Barclays’ management.

Any

non-IFRS
 performance measures in this document are not a substitute for IFRS measures and readers should consider the IFRS measures as well.


Non-IFRS performance measures
glossary
Measure   Definition
Loan: deposit ratio   Loans and advances divided by customer accounts calculated for Barclays UK and Barclays International, excluding investment banking
balances other than interest earning lending. This excludes particular liabilities issued by the retail businesses that have characteristics comparable to retail deposits (for example structured Certificates of Deposit and retail bonds), which are
included within debt securities in issue.
Period end allocated tangible equity   Allocated tangible equity is calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded risk weighted assets for each business, adjusted for
CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office allocated tangible equity represents the difference between the Group’s
tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses.
Average tangible shareholders’ equity   Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible equity and the current month’s period end tangible equity.
The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period.
Average allocated tangible equity   Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible equity and the current month’s period end
allocated tangible equity. The average allocated tangible equity for the period is the average of the monthly averages within that period.
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity   Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of
other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests and other equity instruments adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill. The
components of the calculation have been included on page 182.
Return on average allocated tangible equity   Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of
other equity instruments, as a proportion of average allocated tangible equity. The components of the calculation have been included on page 182.
Cost: income ratio   Operating expenses divided by total income.
Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct   Operating expenses excluding charges for litigation and conduct. The components of the calculation have been included on page
183.
Loan loss rate   Quoted in basis points and represents total loan impairment divided by gross loans and advances to banks and customers held at amortised
cost at the balance sheet date. The components of the calculation have been included on page 105.
Net interest margin   Net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets. The components of the calculation have been included on page
180.
Tangible net asset value per share   Calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity, excluding non-controlling interests and other
equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of issued ordinary shares. The components of the calculation have been included on page 183.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 181


Financial review

Non-IFRS
 performance measures


Returns

Return on average tangible equity is calculated as profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent (adjusted for the tax credit recorded in reserves in respect of interest payments on other equity
instruments) divided by average tangible equity for the period, excluding
non-controlling
 and other equity interests for businesses.


Allocated tangible equity has been calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded RWAs for
each business, adjusted for CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting the assumptions the Group uses for capital planning purposes. Head Office average allocated tangible equity represents the
difference between the Group’s average tangible shareholders’ equity and the amounts allocated to businesses.


Attributable profit/(loss) £m   Tax
credit in respect of interest payments on other equity instruments £m   Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent £m   Average tangible equity £bn   Return on average tangible equity %
For the year ended 31 December 2017
Barclays UK   853   40   893   9.1   9.8
Corporate and Investment Bank   167   102   269   24.0   1.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   680   18   698   4.2   16.7
Barclays International   847   120   967   28.1   3.4
Head Office a   (868   )   4   (864   )   9.3   n/m
Barclays Non-Core   (419   )   10   (409   )   2.4   n/m
Africa Banking discontinued operation a   (2,335   )   –   (2,335   )   n/m   n/m
Barclays Group   (1,922   )   174   (1,748   )   48.9   (3.6   )
For the year ended 31 December 2016
Barclays UK   828   29   857   8.9   9.6
Corporate and Investment Bank   1,270   72   1,342   21.9   6.1
Consumer, Cards and Payments   1,142   11   1,153   3.6   31.4
Barclays International   2,412   83   2,495   25.5   9.8
Head Office a   110   (1   )   109   6.5   n/m
Barclays Non-Core   (1,916   )   17   (1,899   )   7.8   n/m
Africa Banking discontinued operation a   189   –   189   n/m   n/m
Barclays Group   1,623   128   1,751   48.7   3.6
For the year ended 31 December 2015
Barclays UK   (47   )   14   (33   )   9.3   (0.3   )
Corporate and Investment Bank   1,146   34   1,180   21.9   5.4
Consumer, Cards and Payments   612   8   620   3.0   20.2
Barclays International   1,758   42   1,800   24.9   7.2
Head Office a   11   –   11   2.6   n/m
Barclays Non-Core   (2,418   )   14   (2,405   )   10.9   n/m
Africa Banking discontinued operation a   302   –   302   n/m   n/m
Barclays Group   (394   )   70   (324   )   47.7   (0.7   )

Note


a   Average allocated tangible equity for Africa Banking is included within Head Office.


182 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Performance measures excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the

re-measurement
 of US DTAs


2017 £m
Barclays Group profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent a
Barclays Group profit attributable to ordinary equity holders   (1,748   )
Impact of litigation and conduct   1,150
Impact of impairment of Barclays’ holding in BAGL   1,008
Impact of loss on the sale of BAGL   1,435
Net impact of the re-measurement of US DTAs   901
Barclays Group profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to
Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs   2,746
Barclays Group return on average shareholders’ equity
Barclays Group average tangible shareholders’ equity   £48.9bn
Barclays Group return on average tangible shareholders’ equity excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to
Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs   5.6%
Barclays Group average tangible shareholders’ equity based on a CET1 ratio of 13%   £50.3bn
Barclays Group return on average tangible shareholders’ equity excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to
Barclays’ sell down of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs based on a CET1 ratio of 13%   5.5%
Barclays Group basic earnings per ordinary share
Basic weighted average number of shares   16,996m
Barclays Group basic earnings per ordinary share excluding litigation and conduct, losses related to Barclays’ sell down
of BAGL and the re-measurement of US DTAs   16.2p
Operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Barclays Group operating expenses   (15,456   )   (16,338   )   (18,536   )
Impact of litigation and conduct   1,207   1,363   4,387
Barclays Group operating expenses excluding litigation and conduct   (14,249   )   (14,975   )   (14,149   )
Tangible net asset value
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   63,905   64,873   59,810
Other equity instruments   (8,941   )   (6,449   )   (5,305   )
Shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent   54,964   58,424   54,505
Goodwill and intangibles b   (7,849   )   (9,245   )   (8,222   )
Tangible shareholders’ equity excluding non-controlling interests attributable to ordinary
shareholders of the parent   47,115   49,179   46,283
Shares in issue   17,060m   16,963m   16,805m
Net asset value per share   322p   344p   324p
Tangible net asset value per share   276p   290p   275p

Notes


a   The profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders of £639m (2016: £457m) is offset by a tax credit recorded in reserves of £174m (2016: £128m). The net
amount of £465m (2016: £329m), along with non-controlling interests is deducted from profit after tax in order to calculate earnings per share and return on average tangible shareholders’
equity.


b   Comparative figures for 2016 and 2015 included goodwill and intangibles in relation to Africa Banking.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 183


Presentation of information


Barclays approach to disclosures


Barclays aims to continually enhance its disclosures and their usefulness to the readers of the financial statements in the light of developing
market practice and areas of focus. Consequently Barclays’ disclosures go beyond the minimum standards required by accounting standards and other regulatory requirements.


Barclays continues to support the recommendations and guidance made by the Financial Stability Board and its various task forces which continue to
promote a broadening of disclosures by global banks in a number of areas, including liquidity and funding, credit risk and market risk. Barclays has adopted the recommendations across the Annual Report and Pillar 3 Report.


In line with the Financial Reporting Council’s guidance on Clear and Concise reporting, Barclays has focused reporting on material items and
sought to present information in order to aid users’ understanding such as including detail on relevant accounting policies within each note.

British Bankers’ Association (BBA) Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure as adopted by UK Finance in 2017


Barclays has adopted the BBA Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure and has prepared the 2017 Annual Report and Accounts in compliance with the
Code.


It is Barclays’ view that best in class disclosures will continue to evolve in light of ongoing
market and stakeholder engagement within the banking sector. Barclays is committed to continuously reflect the objectives of reporting set out in the BBA Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure. This code sets out five disclosure principles together
with supporting guidance which states that UK banks will:


◾   provide high quality, meaningful and decision-useful disclosures


◾   review and enhance their financial instrument disclosures for key areas of interest


◾   assess the applicability and relevance of good practice recommendations to their disclosures acknowledging the importance of such guidance


◾   seek to enhance the comparability of financial statement disclosures across the UK banking sector and


◾   clearly differentiate in their annual reports between information that is audited and information that is unaudited.


Statutory Accounts


The consolidated accounts of Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries (set out on pages 188 to 192 along with the accounts of Barclays PLC itself on pages
193 to 194) have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations (IFRICs) issued by the interpretations committee, as published by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). They
are also in accordance with IFRS and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the European Union. The accounting policies on pages 195 to 200 and the notes commencing on page 201 apply equally to both sets of accounts unless otherwise stated.


Capital Requirements
Country-by
 Country Reporting


HM Treasury has transposed the requirements set out under CRD IV and issued the Capital Requirements
Country-by-Country
 Reporting Regulations 2013. The legislation requires Barclays PLC to publish additional information in respect of the year ended 31 December 2017. This information is available on the
Barclays website:
barclays.com/citizenship/reports-and-
 publications/country-snapshot.html


184 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial statements


Detailed analysis of our statutory accounts,
independently

audited and providing
in-depth
 disclosure on the financial


performance of the Group.


Consolidated financial statements   Page   Note
◾   Consolidated income statement   188   n/a
◾   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income   189   n/a
◾   Consolidated balance sheet   190   n/a
◾   Consolidated statement of changes in equity   191   n/a
◾   Consolidated cash flow statement   192   n/a
◾   Parent company accounts   193   n/a
Notes to the financial statements
◾   Significant accounting policies   195   1
Performance/return   ◾   Segmental reporting   201   2
◾   Net interest income   203   3
◾   Net fee and commission income   203   4
◾   Net trading income   204   5
◾   Net investment income   204   6
◾   Credit impairment charges and other provisions   204   7
◾   Operating expenses   206   8
◾   Profit/(loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures   206   9
◾   Tax   207   10
◾   Earnings per share   211   11
◾   Dividends on ordinary shares   211   12
Assets and liabilities held at fair value   ◾   Trading portfolio   212   13
◾   Financial assets designated at fair value   212   14
◾   Derivative financial instruments   213   15
◾   Financial investments   216   16
◾   Financial liabilities designated at fair value   216   17
◾   Fair value of financial instruments   216   18
◾   Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities   229   19
Financial instruments held at amortised cost   ◾   Loans and advances to banks and customers   231   20
◾   Finance leases   231   21
◾   Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements including other similar lending and borrowing   232   22
Non-current assets and other investments   ◾   Property, plant and equipment   233   23
◾   Goodwill and intangible assets   234   24
◾   Operating leases   236   25
Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities   ◾   Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   237   26
and legal proceedings   ◾   Provisions   237   27
◾   Contingent liabilities and commitments   239   28
◾   Legal, competition and regulatory matters   239   29
Capital instruments, equity and reserves   ◾   Subordinated liabilities   248   30
◾   Ordinary shares, share premium and other equity   251   31
◾   Reserves   251   32
◾   Non-controlling interests   252   33
Employee benefits   ◾   Share-based payments   253   34
◾   Pensions and post-retirement benefits   255   35
Scope of consolidation   ◾   Principal subsidiaries   260   36
◾   Structured entities   261   37
◾   Investments in associates and joint ventures   264   38
◾   Securitisations   265   39
◾   Assets pledged   266   40
Other disclosure matters   ◾   Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration   267   41
◾   Auditors’ remuneration   269   42
◾   Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities   269   43
◾   Barclays PLC (the Parent company)   271   44
◾   Related undertakings   295   45


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 185


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the shareholders and board of directors

Barclays PLC:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Barclays PLC and subsidiaries (the “Group”) as of
31 December 2017, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, and consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and the related notes and
specific disclosures described in Note 1 to the financial statements as being part of the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Group’s internal control
over financial reporting as of 31 December 2017, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Group as of 31 December 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Also in our
opinion, the Group maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of 31 December 2017, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinion


The Group’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting.
 Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Group’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.


Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting


A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


/s/ KPMG LLP

We have
served as the Group’s auditor since 2017.

London, United Kingdom


21 February 2018


186 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Barclays PLC


In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income,
changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2016 present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Barclays PLC (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries at
December 31, 2016, and the results of their operations, and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these financial
statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

London, United Kingdom


22 February 2017

Note that
the report set out above is included for the purposes of Barclays PLC’s Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for 2017 only and does not form part of Barclays PLC’s Annual Report and Accounts for 2017.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 187


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated income statement


For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
Interest income   3   13,631   14,541   13,953
Interest expense   3   (3,786   )   (4,004   )   (3,345   )
Net interest income   9,845   10,537   10,608
Fee and commission income   4   8,751   8,570   8,470
Fee and commission expense   4   (1,937   )   (1,802   )   (1,611   )
Net fee and commission income   6,814   6,768   6,859
Net trading income   5   3,500   2,768   3,426
Net investment income   6   861   1,324   1,097
Other income   56   54   50
Total income   21,076   21,451   22,040
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   7   (2,336   )   (2,373   )   (1,762   )
Net operating income   18,740   19,078   20,278
Staff costs   8   (8,560   )   (9,423   )   (8,853   )
Infrastructure costs   8   (2,949   )   (2,998   )   (2,691   )
Administration and general expenses   8   (3,247   )   (2,917   )   (2,983   )
Provision for UK customer redress   (700   )   (1,000   )   (2,772   )
Provision for ongoing investigations and litigation relating to Foreign Exchange   –   –   (1,237   )
Operating expenses   8   (15,456   )   (16,338   )   (18,536   )
Share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures   70   70   41
Profit/(loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures   9   187   420   (637   )
Profit before tax   3,541   3,230   1,146
Taxation   10   (2,240   )   (993   )   (1,149   )
Profit/(loss) after tax in respect of continuing operations   1,301   2,237   (3   )
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued operation   (2,195   )   591   626
(Loss)/profit after tax   (894   )   2,828   623
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   (1,922   )   1,623   (394   )
Other equity instrument holders a   639   457   345
Total equity holders of the parent   (1,283   )   2,080   (49   )
Non-controlling interests in respect of continuing operations   33   249   346   348
Non-controlling interests in respect of discontinued operation   33   140   402   324
(Loss)/profit after tax   (894   )   2,828   623
Earnings per share
Basic (loss)/earnings per ordinary share   11   (10.3   )   10.4   (1.9   )
Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   11   3.5   9.3   (3.7   )
Basic (loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of discontinued operation   11   (13.8   )   1.1   1.8
Diluted (loss)/earnings per share   11   (10.1   )   10.3   (1.9   )
Diluted earnings/(loss) per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   11   3.4   9.2   (3.7   )
Diluted (loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of discontinued operation   11   (13.5   )   1.1   1.8

Note


a   The profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders of £639m (2016: £457m) is offset by a tax credit recorded in reserves of £174m (2016: £128m). The net
amount of £465m (2016: £329m), along with non-controlling interests (NCI) is deducted from profit after tax in order to calculate earnings per share and return on average shareholders’ equity.


188 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of comprehensive income


For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
(Loss)/profit after tax   (894   )   2,828   623
Profit/(loss) after tax in respect of continuing operations   1,301   2,237   (3   )
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued operation   (2,195   )   591   626
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations:
Currency translation reserve
Currency translation differences a   (1,337   )   3,024   748
Available for sale reserve
Net gains from changes in fair value   473   2,147   64
Net gains transferred to net profit on disposal   (294   )   (912   )   (374   )
Net losses transferred to net profit due to impairment   3   20   17
Net losses/(gains) transferred to net profit due to fair value hedging   283   (1,677   )   (148   )
Changes in insurance liabilities and other movements   11   53   86
Tax   (27   )   (18   )   126
Cash flow hedging reserve
Net (losses)/gains from changes in fair value   (626   )   1,455   (312   )
Net gains transferred to net profit   (643   )   (365   )   (238   )
Tax   321   (292   )   57
Other   (5   )   13   20
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations:   (1,841   )   3,448   46
Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations:
Retirement benefit remeasurements   115   (1,309   )   1,176
Own credit   (7   )   –   –
Tax   (66   )   329   (260   )
Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations   42   (980   )   916
Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year from continuing operations   (1,799   )   2,468   962
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year from discontinued operation   1,301   1,520   (1,348   )
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax from continuing operations   (498   )   4,705   959
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax from discontinued operation   (894   )   2,111   (722   )
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year   (1,392   )   6,816   237
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   (1,749   )   5,233   45
Non-controlling interests   357   1,583   192
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year   (1,392   )   6,816   237

Note


a   Includes £189m loss (2016: £101m gain) on recycling of currency translation differences.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 189


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated balance sheet


As at 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   102,353   49,711
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   1,467   1,011
Trading portfolio assets   13   113,760   80,240   77,348
Financial assets designated at fair value   14   116,281   78,608   76,830
Derivative financial instruments   15   237,669   346,626   327,709
Financial investments   16   58,916   63,317   90,267
Loans and advances to banks   20   35,663   43,251   41,349
Loans and advances to customers   20   365,552   392,784   399,217
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   22   12,546   13,454   28,187
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets   2,389   2,893   3,010
Investments in associates and joint ventures   38   718   684   573
Property, plant and equipment   23   2,572   2,825   3,468
Goodwill and intangible assets   24   7,849   7,726   8,222
Current tax assets   10   482   561   415
Deferred tax assets   10   3,457   4,869   4,495
Retirement benefit assets   35   966   14   836
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   43   1,193   71,454   7,364
Total assets   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   37,723   48,214   47,080
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   446   636   1,013
Customer accounts   429,121   423,178   418,242
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   22   40,338   19,760   25,035
Trading portfolio liabilities   13   37,351   34,687   33,967
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   17   173,718   96,031   91,745
Derivative financial instruments   15   238,345   340,487   324,252
Debt securities in issue   73,314   75,932   69,150
Subordinated liabilities   30   23,826   23,383   21,467
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   26   8,565   8,871   10,610
Provisions   27   3,543   4,134   4,142
Current tax liabilities   10   586   737   903
Deferred tax liabilities   10   44   29   122
Retirement benefit liabilities   35   312   390   423
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   43   –   65,292   5,997
Total liabilities   1,067,232   1,141,761   1,054,148
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   31   22,045   21,842   21,586
Other equity instruments   31   8,941   6,449   5,305
Other reserves   32   5,383   6,051   1,898
Retained earnings   27,536   30,531   31,021
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   63,905   64,873   59,810
Non-controlling interests   33   2,111   6,492   6,054
Total equity   66,016   71,365   65,864
Total liabilities and equity   1,133,248   1,213,126   1,120,012

The Board of Directors approved the financial statements on pages 188 to 271 on 21 February 2018.


John McFarlane

Group
Chairman

James E Staley

Group Chief Executive

Tushar Morzaria


Group Finance Director


190 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called
up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instru- ments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Other reserves and treasury shares b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   –   969   30,531   64,873   6,492   71,365
Effects of changes in accounting policies c   –   –   –   –   –   (175   )   –   175   –   –   –
Balance as at 1 January 2017   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   (175   )   969   30,706   64,873   6,492   71,365
Profit after tax   –   639   –   –   –   –   –   413   1,052   249   1,301
Currency translation movements   –   –   –   –   (1,336   )   –   –   –   (1,336   )   (1   )   (1,337   )
Available for sale investments   –   –   449   –   –   –   –   –   449   –   449
Cash flow hedges   –   –   –   (948   )   –   –   –   –   (948   )   –   (948   )
Pension remeasurement   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   53   53   –   53
Own credit reserve   –   –   –   –   –   (11   )   –   –   (11   )   –   (11   )
Other   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (5   )   (5   )   –   (5   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   –   639   449   (948   )   (1,336   )   (11   )   –   461   (746   )   248   (498   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operation   –   –   (11   )   4   1,339   –   –   (2,335   )   (1,003   )   109   (894   )
Total comprehensive income for the year   –   639   438   (944   )   3   (11   )   –   (1,874   )   (1,749   )   357   (1,392   )
Issue of new ordinary shares   117   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   117   –   117
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   86   –   –   –   –   –   –   505   591   –   591
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   2,490   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,490   –   2,490
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (639   )   –   –   –   –   –   174   (465   )   –   (465   )
Redemption of preference shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (479   )   (479   )   (860   )   (1,339   )
Increase in treasury shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   (315   )   –   (315   )   –   (315   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   –   –   329   (636   )   (307   )   –   (307   )
Dividends paid   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (509   )   (509   )   (415   )   (924   )
Net equity impact of BAGL disposal   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (359   )   (359   )   (3,462   )   (3,821   )
Other reserve movements   –   2   –   –   –   7   –   8   17   (1   )   16
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,941   364   1,161   3,054   (179   )   983   27,536   63,905   2,111   66,016
Balance as at 1 January 2016   21,586   5,305   317   1,261   (623   )   –   943   31,021   59,810   6,054   65,864
Profit after tax   –   457   –   –   –   –   –   1,434   1,891   346   2,237
Currency translation movements   –   –   –   –   3,022   –   –   –   3,022   2   3,024
Available for sale investments   –   –   (387   )   –   –   –   –   –   (387   )   –   (387   )
Cash flow hedges   –   –   –   798   –   –   –   –   798   –   798
Pension remeasurement   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (980   )   (980   )   –   (980   )
Other   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   12   12   1   13
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   –   457   (387   )   798   3,022   –   –   466   4,356   349   4,705
Total comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operation   –   –   (4   )   46   652   –   –   183   877   1,234   2,111
Total comprehensive income for the year   –   457   (391   )   844   3,674   –   –   649   5,233   1,583   6,816
Issue of new ordinary shares   68   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   68   –   68
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   188   –   –   –   –   –   –   668   856   –   856
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   1,132   –   –   –   –   –   –   1,132   –   1,132
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (457   )   –   –   –   –   –   128   (329   )   –   (329   )
Redemption of preference shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (417   )   (417   )   (1,170   )   (1,587   )
Increase in treasury shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   (140   )   –   (140   )   –   (140   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   –   –   166   (415   )   (249   )   –   (249   )
Dividends paid   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (757   )   (757   )   (575   )   (1,332   )
Net equity impact of partial BAGL disposal   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (349   )   (349   )   601   252
Other reserve movements   –   12   –   –   –   –   –   3   15   (1   )   14
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,449   (74   )   2,105   3,051   –   969   30,531   64,873   6,492   71,365
Balance as at 1 January 2015   20,809   4,322   562   1,817   (582   )   –   927   31,712   59,567   6,391   65,958
Profit after tax   –   345   –   –   –   –   –   (696   )   (351   )   348   (3   )
Currency translation movements   –   –   –   –   747   –   –   –   747   1   748
Available for sale investments   –   –   (229   )   –   –   –   –   –   (229   )   –   (229   )
Cash flow hedges   –   –   –   (493   )   –   –   –   –   (493   )   –   (493   )
Pension remeasurement   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   916   916   –   916
Other   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   20   20   –   20
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   –   345   (229   )   (493   )   747   –   –   240   610   349   959
Total comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operation   –   –   (16   )   (63   )   (788   )   –   –   302   (565   )   (157   )   (722   )
Total comprehensive income for the year   –   345   (245   )   (556   )   (41   )   –   –   542   45   192   237
Issue of new ordinary shares   137   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   137   –   137
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   640   –   –   –   –   –   –   571   1,211   –   1,211
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   –   995   –   –   –   –   –   –   995   –   995
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (345   )   –   –   –   –   –   70   (275   )   –   (275   )
Increase in treasury shares   –   –   –   –   –   –   (602   )   –   (602   )   –   (602   )
Vesting of shares under employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   –   –   618   (755   )   (137   )   –   (137   )
Dividends paid   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (1,081   )   (1,081   )   (552   )   (1,633   )
Other reserve movements   –   (12   )   –   –   –   –   –   (38   )   (50   )   23   (27   )
Balance as at 31 December 2015   21,586   5,305   317   1,261   (623   )   –   943   31,021   59,810   6,054   65,864

Notes


a   For further details refer to Note 31.


b   For further details refer to Note 32.


c   As a result of the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017, own credit which was previously recorded in the income statement is now recognised within other
comprehensive income. The cumulative unrealised own credit net loss of £175m has therefore been reclassified from retained earnings to a separate own credit reserve, within other reserves. During 2017 a £4m loss (net of tax) on own
credit has been booked in the reserve.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 191


Consolidated financial statements


Consolidated cash flow statement


For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
Reconciliation of profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax   3,541   3,230   1,146
Adjustment for non-cash items:
Allowance for impairment   2,336   2,357   1,752
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant, equipment and intangibles   1,241   1,261   1,215
Other provisions, including pensions   1,875   1,964   4,241
Net profit on disposal of investments and property, plant and equipment   (325   )   (912   )   (374   )
Other non-cash movements including exchange rate movements   1,031   (20,025   )   226
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Net decrease/(increase) in loans and advances to banks and customers   27,361   (25,385   )   22,641
Net decrease in reverse repurchase agreements and other similar lending   908   14,733   103,471
Net (decrease)/increase in deposits and debt securities in issue   (7,166   )   49,064   (33,120   )
Net increase/(decrease) in repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing   20,578   (4,852   )   (99,602   )
Net decrease/(increase) in derivative financial instruments   6,815   (2,318   )   (3,315   )
Net (increase)/decrease in trading assets   (33,492   )   (5,577   )   37,091
Net increase/(decrease) in trading liabilities   2,664   880   (10,877   )
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value   40,014   807   (3,064   )
Net (increase) in other assets   (3,775   )   (2,629   )   (2,661   )
Net (decrease) in other liabilities   (2,187   )   (532   )   (1,766   )
Corporate income tax paid   10   (708   )   (780   )   (1,670   )
Net cash from operating activities   60,711   11,286   15,334
Purchase of available for sale investments   (83,127   )   (65,086   )   (120,061   )
Proceeds from sale or redemption of available for sale investments   88,298   102,515   114,529
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   (1,456   )   (1,707   )   (1,928   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   283   358   393
Disposal of discontinued operation, net of cash disposed   (1,060   )   –   –
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed   358   595   –
Other cash flows associated with investing activities   206   32   516
Net cash from investing activities   3,502   36,707   (6,551   )
Dividends paid and other coupon payments on equity instruments   (1,273   )   (1,304   )   (1,496   )
Issuance of subordinated debt   30   3,041   1,457   879
Redemption of subordinated debt   30   (1,378   )   (1,143   )   (556   )
Net issue of shares and other equity instruments   2,490   1,400   1,278
Repurchase of shares and other equity instruments   (1,339   )   (1,587   )   –
Net purchase of treasury shares   (580   )   (140   )   (679   )
Net cash from financing activities   961   (1,317   )   (574   )
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (4,773   )   10,473   1,689
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations   60,401   57,149   9,898
Net cash from discontinued operation   43   101   405   (1,821   )
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   60,502   57,554   8,077
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   144,110   86,556   78,479
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   204,612   144,110   86,556
Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
Cash and balances at central banks   171,082   102,353   49,711
Loans and advances to banks with original maturity less than three months   32,820   38,252   35,876
Available for sale treasury and other eligible bills with original maturity less than three months   682   356   816
Trading portfolio assets with original maturity less than three months   28   –   153
Cash and cash equivalents held for sale   –   3,149   –
204,612   144,110   86,556

Interest received was £21,784m (2016: £22,099m; 2015: £20,376m) and interest paid was
£10,310m (2016: £8,850m; 2015: £7,534m).

The Group is required to maintain balances with central banks and other
regulatory authorities and these amounted to £3,360m (2016: £4,254m; 2015: £4,369m).

For the purposes of the cash flow
statement, cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits and cash equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in value with original maturities of three months or less.
Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are not considered to be part of cash equivalents.


192 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Financial statements of Barclays PLC


Parent company accounts


Statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Dividends received from subsidiary   674   621   876
Net interest (expense)/income   (10   )   5   (7   )
Other income   44   690   334   227
Operating expenses   (96   )   (26   )   (6   )
Profit before tax   1,258   934   1,090
Tax   (111   )   (60   )   (43   )
Profit after tax   1,147   874   1,047
Other comprehensive income   60   26   –
Total comprehensive income   1,207   900   1,047
Profit after tax attributable to:
Ordinary equity holders   508   417   702
Other equity instrument holders   639   457   345
Profit after tax   1,147   874   1,047
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Ordinary equity holders   568   443   702
Other equity instrument holders   639   457   345
Total comprehensive income   1,207   900   1,047

For the year ended 31 December 2017, profit after tax was £1,147m (2016: £874m) and total comprehensive income was £1,207m (2016: £900m).


Other comprehensive income of £60m (2016: £26m) relates to the gain on AFS instruments. The Company has 90 members of staff (2016:


7).


Balance sheet
As at 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m
Assets
Investment in subsidiaries   44   39,354   36,553
Loans and advances to subsidiaries   44   23,970   19,421
Financial investments   44   4,782   1,218
Derivative financial instruments   44   161   268
Other assets   202   105
Total assets   68,469   57,565
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   500   547
Subordinated liabilities   44   6,501   3,789
Debt securities in issue   44   22,110   16,893
Other liabilities   153   14
Total liabilities   29,264   21,243
Called up share capital   31   4,265   4,241
Share premium account   31   17,780   17,601
Other equity instruments   31   8,943   6,453
Other reserves   480   420
Retained earnings   7,737   7,607
Total equity   39,205   36,322
Total liabilities and equity   68,469   57,565

The financial statements on pages 193 to 194 and the accompanying note on page 271 were approved by the Board of
Directors on 21 February 2018 and signed on its behalf by:

John McFarlane


Group Chairman

James E Staley


Group Chief Executive

Tushar Morzaria

Group Finance Director


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 193


Financial statements of Barclays PLC


Parent company accounts


Statement of changes in equity
Notes   Called
up share capital and share premium £m   Other equity instruments £m   Capital redemption reserve £m   Available for sale reserve £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 1 January 2017   21,842   6,453   394   26   7,607   36,322
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   –   639   –   60   508   1,207
Issue of new ordinary shares   117   –   –   –   –   117
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   86   –   –   –   27   113
Issue of other equity instruments   –   2,490   –   –   –   2,490
Vesting of employee share schemes   –   –   –   –   (11   )   (11   )
Dividends   12   –   –   –   –   (509   )   (509   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (639   )   –   –   123   (516   )
Other   –   –   –   –   (8   )   (8   )
Balance as at 31 December 2017   22,045   8,943   394   86   7,737   39,205
Balance as at 1 January 2016   21,586   5,321   394   –   7,851   35,152
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   –   457   –   26   417   900
Issue of new ordinary shares   68   –   –   –   –   68
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   188   –   –   –   –   188
Issue of other equity instruments   –   1,132   –   –   –   1,132
Dividends   12   –   –   –   –   (757   )   (757   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (457   )   –   –   91   (366   )
Other   –   –   –   –   5   5
Balance as at 31 December 2016   21,842   6,453   394   26   7,607   36,322
Balance as at 1 January 2015   20,809   4,326   394   –   8,163   33,692
Profit after tax and other comprehensive income   –   345   –   –   702   1,047
Issue of new ordinary shares   137   –   –   –   –   137
Issue of shares under employee share schemes   640   –   –   –   –   640
Issue of other equity instruments   –   995   –   –   –   995
Dividends   12   –   –   –   –   (1,081   )   (1,081   )
Other equity instruments coupons paid   –   (345   )   –   –   70   (275   )
Other   –   –   –   –   (3   )   (3   )
Balance as at 31 December 2015   21,586   5,321   394   –   7,851   35,152
Cash flow statement
For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Reconciliation of profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax   1,258   934   1,090
Changes in operating assets and liabilities   102   37   100
Other non-cash movements   76   62   52
Corporate income tax (paid)/received   –   –   (27   )
Net cash generated from operating activities   1,436   1,033   1,215
Capital contribution to subsidiary   (2,801   )   (1,250   )   (1,560   )
Net cash used in investing activities   (2,801   )   (1,250   )   (1,560   )
Issue of shares and other equity instruments   2,581   1,388   1,771
Net increase in loans and advances to subsidiaries of the Parent   (9,707   )   (10,942   )   (4,973   )
Net increase in debt securities in issue   6,503   9,314   4,052
Proceeds of borrowings and issuance of subordinated debt   3,019   1,671   921
Dividends paid   (392   )   (757   )   (1,081   )
Coupons paid on AT1 instruments   (639   )   (457   )   (345   )
Net cash generated from financing activities   1,365   217   345
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   –   –   –
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   –   –   –
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   –   –   –
Net cash generated from operating activities includes:
Dividends received   674   621   876
Interest (paid)/received   (10   )   5   (7   )

The Parent company’s principal activity is to hold the investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Barclays
Bank PLC and Barclays Services Limited. Dividends received are treated as operating income.

The Company was not exposed at
31 December 2017 or 2016 to significant risks arising from the financial instruments it holds, which comprised loans and advances and other assets which had no Market risk or material Credit risk.


194 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2017


This section describes Barclays’ significant policies and critical accounting estimates that


relate to the financial statements and notes as a whole. If an accounting policy or a critical


accounting estimate relates to a particular note, the accounting policy and/or critical


accounting estimate is contained with the relevant note.


1 Significant accounting policies


1. Reporting entity


These financial statements are prepared for Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries (the Barclays PLC Group or the Group) under
Section 399 of the Companies Act 2006. The Group is a major global financial services provider engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. In addition,
individual financial statements have been presented for the holding company.

2. Compliance with International
Financial Reporting Standards

The consolidated financial statements of the Group, and the individual financial
statements of Barclays PLC, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations (IFRICs) issued by the Interpretations Committee, as published by the International Accounting Standards Board
(IASB). They are also in accordance with IFRS and IFRIC interpretations endorsed by the European Union. The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated and individual financial statements are set out below, and in
the relevant notes to the financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied.

3. Basis of
preparation

The consolidated and individual financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost
convention modified to include the fair valuation of investment property, and particular financial instruments, to the extent required or permitted under IFRS as set out in the relevant accounting policies. They are stated in millions of pounds
Sterling (£m), the functional currency of Barclays PLC.

The financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, in accordance with The Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies using IFRS.

4. Accounting
policies

Barclays prepares financial statements in accordance with IFRS. The Group’s significant accounting
policies relating to specific financial statement items, together with a description of the accounting estimates and judgements that were critical to preparing them, are set out under the relevant notes. Accounting policies that affect the financial
statements as a whole are set out below.

(i) Consolidation


Barclays applies IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.


The consolidated financial statements combine the financial statements of Barclays PLC and all its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are
entities over which Barclays PLC has control. The Group has control over another entity when the Group has all of the following:

1) power over the relevant activities of the investee, for example through voting or other rights;

2)
exposure to, or rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

3) the ability to affect those
returns through its power over the investee.

The assessment of control is based on the consideration of all facts and
circumstances. The Group reassesses whether it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.


Intra-group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation. Consistent accounting policies are used throughout the Group
for the purposes of the consolidation.

Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries are accounted for as equity
transactions if they occur after control has already been obtained and they do not result in loss of control.

As the
consolidated financial statements include partnerships where the Group member is a partner, advantage has been taken of the exemption under Regulation 7 of the Partnership (Accounts) Regulations 2008 with regard to preparing and filing of individual
partnership financial statements.

Details of the principal subsidiaries are given in Note 36, and a complete list of all
subsidiaries is presented in Note 45.

(ii) Foreign currency translation


The Group applies IAS 21
The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates
. Transactions and balances in foreign currencies
are translated into Sterling at the rate ruling on the date of the transaction. Foreign currency balances are translated into Sterling at the period end exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses on such balances are taken to the income statement.


The Group’s foreign operations (including subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and branches) based mainly
outside the UK may have different functional currencies. The functional currency of an operation is the currency of the main economy to which it is exposed.


Prior to consolidation (or equity accounting) the assets and liabilities of

non-Sterling
 operations are translated at the closing rate and items of income, expense and other comprehensive income are translated into Sterling at the rate on the date of the transactions. Exchange
differences arising on the translation of foreign operations are included in currency translation reserves within equity. These are transferred to the income statement when the Group disposes of the entire interest in a foreign operation, when
partial disposal results in the loss of control of an interest in a subsidiary, when an investment previously accounted for using the equity method is accounted for as a financial asset, or on the disposal of an autonomous foreign operation within a
branch.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 195


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2017


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


(iii) Financial assets and liabilities


The Group applies IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement to the recognition, classification and
measurement, and derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities, the impairment of financial assets, and hedge accounting.

Recognition


The Group recognises financial assets and liabilities when it becomes
a party to the terms of the contract. Trade date or settlement date accounting is applied depending on the classification of the financial asset.


Classification and measurement


Financial assets and liabilities are initially recognised at fair value and may be held at fair value or amortised cost depending on
the Group’s intention toward the assets and the nature of the assets and liabilities, mainly determined by their contractual terms.

The accounting policy for each type of financial asset or liability is included within the relevant note for the item. The Group’s policies for determining the fair values of the assets and liabilities are set out in Note 18.


Derecognition


The Group derecognises a financial asset, or a portion of a financial asset, from its balance sheet where the contractual rights to
cash flows from the asset have expired, or have been transferred, usually by sale, and with them either substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or significant risks and rewards, along with the unconditional ability to sell or pledge the
asset.

Financial liabilities are
de-recognised
 when the liability has been
settled, has expired or has been extinguished. An exchange of an existing financial liability for a new liability with the same lender on substantially different terms – generally a difference of 10% in the present value of the cash flows or a
substantive qualitative amendment – is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a new financial liability.


Transactions in which the Group transfers assets and liabilities, portions of them, or financial risks associated with them can be
complex and it may not be obvious whether substantially all of the risks and rewards have been transferred. It is often necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. Such an analysis compares the Group’s exposure to variability in asset cash
flows before the transfer with its retained exposure after the transfer.

A cash flow analysis of this nature may require
judgement. In particular, it is necessary to estimate the asset’s expected future cash flows as well as potential variability around this expectation. The method of estimating expected future cash flows depends on the nature of the asset, with
market and market-implied data used to the greatest extent possible. The potential variability around this expectation is typically determined by stressing underlying parameters to create reasonable alternative upside and downside scenarios.
Probabilities are then assigned to each scenario. Stressed parameters may include default rates, loss severity, or prepayment rates.

(iv) Issued debt and equity instruments

The Group applies IAS 32,
Financial Instruments:
Presentation
, to determine whether funding is either a financial liability (debt) or equity.

Issued financial
instruments or their components are classified as liabilities if the contractual arrangement results in the Group having an obligation to either deliver cash or another financial asset, or a variable number of equity shares, to the holder of the
instrument. If this is not the case, the instrument is generally an equity instrument and the proceeds included in equity, net of transaction costs. Dividends and other returns to equity holders are recognised when paid or declared by the members at
the AGM and treated as a deduction from equity.

Where issued financial instruments contain both liability and equity
components, these are accounted for separately. The fair value of the debt is estimated first and the balance of the proceeds is included within equity.


5. New and amended standards and interpretations


The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year, with the exception of the accounting
treatment of own credit on financial liabilities designated at fair value though profit or loss under the fair value option. Barclays has elected to early adopt the presentation of Barclays own credit gains and losses in other comprehensive income
as allowed by IFRS 9
Financial Instruments
, from 1 January 2017. This will have no effect on net assets, and any changes due to own credit in prior periods have not been restated. The cumulative own credit amount has been reclassified
from retained earnings to a separate reserve. Any realised and unrealised amounts recognised in other comprehensive income will not be reclassified to the income statement in future periods; refer to Note 32 for further details.


There were no other material or amended standards or interpretations that resulted in a change in accounting
policy.

Future accounting developments


There have been and are expected to be a number of significant changes to the Group’s financial reporting after 2017 as a
result of amended or new accounting standards that have been or will be issued by the IASB. The most significant of these are as follows:

IFRS 9 – Financial instruments

IFRS 9
Financial Instruments

which replaces IAS 39
Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
 is effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 and was endorsed by the EU in November 2016. IFRS 9, in particular the impairment requirements, will
lead to significant changes in the accounting for financial instruments.


196 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


1 Significant accounting
policies
continued


i) Impairment


IFRS 9 introduces a revised impairment model which will require entities to recognise expected
credit losses based on unbiased forward-looking information. This replaces the existing IAS 39 incurred loss model which only recognises impairment if there is objective evidence that a loss has already been incurred and would measure the loss at
the most probable outcome. The IFRS 9 impairment model will be applicable to all financial assets at amortised cost, lease receivables, debt financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, loan commitments and financial guarantee
contracts. This contrasts to the IAS 39 impairment model which is not applicable to loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, which were covered by IAS 37. In addition, IAS 39 required the impairment of available for sale debt to be based
on the fair value loss rather than estimated future cash flows as for amortised cost assets. Intercompany exposures, including loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts, are also in scope under IFRS 9 in the standalone reporting entity
accounts.

The measurement of expected credit loss will involve increased complexity and judgement
including estimation of probabilities of default, loss given default, a range of unbiased future economic scenarios, estimation of expected lives and estimation of exposures at default and assessing significant increases in credit risk. It is
expected to have a material financial impact and impairment charges will tend to be more volatile. Impairment will also be recognised earlier and the amounts will be higher. Unsecured products with longer expected lives, such as revolving credit
cards, are expected to be most impacted.

The expected increase in the accounting impairment provision
reduces CET1 capital, but the impact is partially mitigated by releasing the ‘excess of expected loss over impairment’ deduction from CET1 capital. In addition, the European Union will be adopting transitional arrangements to mitigate or
spread the capital impacts of IFRS 9 adoption over a
5-year
 period from 1 January 2018 which Barclays will apply. Separately, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision is considering the need for
permanent changes to the regulatory capital framework in order to take account of expected credit loss provisioning.

Key concepts and management judgements


The impairment
requirements are complex and require management judgements, estimates and assumptions. Key concepts and management judgements include:


◾   Determining a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition


IFRS 9 requires the recognition of 12 month expected credit losses (the portion of lifetime expected credit losses
from default events that are expected within 12 months of the reporting date) if credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition (stage 1), and lifetime expected credit losses for financial instruments for which the credit risk
has increased significantly since initial recognition (stage 2) or which are credit impaired (stage 3). Barclays will assess when a significant increase in credit risk has occurred based on quantitative and qualitative assessments. Exposures are
considered to have resulted in a significant increase in credit risk and are moved to stage 2 when:


– Quantitative Test


The annualised cumulative weighted average lifetime probability of default (PD) has increased by more than the agreed threshold
relative to the equivalent at origination. The relative thresholds are defined as percentage increases and set at an origination score band and segment level.


– Qualitative Test


Accounts that meet the portfolio’s ‘high risk’ criteria and are subject to closer credit monitoring.


– Backstop Criteria


Accounts that are 30 calendar days or more past due. The 30 days past due criteria is a backstop rather than a primary driver of
moving exposures into stage 2.

Exposures will move back to stage 1 once they no longer meet the
criteria for a significant increase in credit risk and when any cure criteria used for credit risk management are met. This is subject to all payments being up to date and the customer evidencing ability and willingness to maintain future payments.


Barclays will not rely on the low credit risk exemption which would assume facilities of investment
grade are not significantly deteriorated.

Determining the probability of default at initial recognition
is expected to require management estimates, in particular for exposures issued before the effective date of IFRS 9. For certain revolving facilities such as credit cards and overdrafts, this is expected to be when the facility was first entered
into which could be a long time in the past.

Management overlays and other exceptions to model outputs
are applied only if consistent with the objective of identifying significant increases in credit risk.


◾   Forward-looking information

Credit losses are the expected cash shortfalls from what is contractually due over the expected life of the financial instrument, discounted at the original effective interest rate. Expected credit losses are the unbiased
probability-weighted credit losses determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and considering future economic conditions. When there is a
non-linear
 relationship between forward looking economic
scenarios and their associated credit losses, a range of forward looking economic scenarios, currently expected to be a minimum of five, will be considered to ensure a sufficient unbiased representative sample of the complete distribution is
included in determining the expected loss. Stress testing methodologies will be leveraged within forecasting economic scenarios for IFRS 9 purposes.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 197


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2017


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


◾   Definition of default, credit impaired assets, write-offs, and interest income recognition


The definition of default for the purpose of determining expected credit losses has been aligned to the Regulatory
Capital CRR Article 178 definition of default, which considers indicators that the debtor is unlikely to pay, includes exposures in forbearance and is no later than when the exposure is more than 90 days past due or 180 days past due in the case of
UK mortgages. When exposures are identified as credit impaired or purchased or originated as such, IFRS 9 requires separate disclosure and interest income is required to be calculated on the carrying value net of the impairment allowance.


Credit impaired is expected to be when the exposure has defaulted which is also anticipated to align to
when an exposure is identified as individually impaired under the incurred loss model of IAS 39.
Write-off
 polices are not expected to change from IAS 39.


◾   Expected life

Lifetime
expected credit losses must be measured over the expected life. This is restricted to the maximum contractual life and takes into account expected prepayment, extension, call and similar options. The exceptions are certain revolver financial
instruments, such as credit cards and bank overdrafts, that include both a drawn and an undrawn component where the entity’s contractual ability to demand repayment and cancel the undrawn commitment does not limit the entity’s exposure to
credit losses to the contractual notice period. The expected life for these revolver facilities is expected to be behavioural life. Where data is insufficient or analysis inconclusive, an additional ‘maturity factor’ may be incorporated to
reflect the full estimated life of the exposures, based upon experienced judgement and/or peer analysis. Potential future modifications of contracts are not taken into account when determining the expected life or exposure at default until they
occur.


◾   Discounting

Expected credit
losses are discounted at the effective interest rate (EIR) at initial recognition or an approximation thereof and consistent with income recognition. For loan commitments the EIR is that rate that is expected to apply when the loan is drawn down and
a financial asset is recognised. Issued financial guarantee contracts are discounted at the risk free rate. Lease receivables are discounted at the rate implicit in the lease as prescribed in IAS 17. For variable/floating rate financial assets, the
spot rate at the reporting date is used and projections of changes in the variable rate over the expected life are not made to estimate future interest cash flows or for discounting.


◾   Modelling techniques

Expected
credit losses (ECL) are calculated by multiplying three main components, being the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD), discounted at the original effective interest rate. The regulatory Basel
Committee of Banking Supervisors (BCBS) ECL calculations are leveraged for IFRS 9 modelling but adjusted for key differences which include:


BCBS requires 12 month through the economic cycle losses whereas IFRS 9 requires 12 months or lifetime point in
time losses based on conditions at the reporting date and multiple forecasts of the future economic conditions over the expected lives; and


IFRS 9 models do not include certain conservative BCBS model floors and downturn assessments and require
discounting to the reporting date at the original effective interest rate rather than using the cost of capital to the date of default.


Management adjustments will be made to modelled output to account for situations where known or expected risk
factors and information have not been considered in the modelling process, for example forecast economic scenarios for uncertain political events.


ECL is measured at the individual financial instrument level, however a collective approach where financial
instruments with similar risk characteristics are grouped together, with apportionment to individual financial instruments, is used where effects can only be seen at a collective level, for example for forward looking information.


For the IFRS 9 impairment assessment, Barclays Risk Models are used to determine the probability of default (PD),
loss given default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD). For stage 2 and 3, Barclays applies lifetime PDs but uses 12 month PDs for stage 1. The ECL drivers of PD, EAD and LGD are modelled at an account level which considers vintage, among other
credit factors. Also, the assessment of significant increase in credit risk is based on the initial lifetime PD curve, which accounts for the different credit risk underwritten over time.


ii) Forbearance


Both performing and
non-performing
 forbearance assets are classified as
stage 3 except where it is established that the concession granted has not resulted in diminished financial obligation and that no other regulatory definitions of default criteria has been triggered, in which case the asset is classified as stage 2.
The minimum probationary period for
non-performing
 forbearance is 12 months and for performing forbearance, 24 months. Hence, a minimum of 36 months is required for

non-performing
 forbearance to move out of a forborne state.


iii) Project governance and credit risk management


Barclays has a jointly accountable Risk and Finance implementation and governance programme with representation
from all impacted departments. The current impairment Committee structures were initiated and tested from H1 2017, providing oversight for both IAS 39 and IFRS 9 impairment results.


The impairment reporting process commences with the production of economic scenarios. The Senior Scenario Review
Committee (SSRC) reviews and approves the scenario narratives, the core set of macroeconomic variables, probability weightings, and any scenario specific management overlays which are used in all ECL models. The SSRC attests that the scenarios
adequately account for the
non-linearity
 and asymmetry of the loss distribution.

The Group Impairment Committee, formed of members from both Finance and Risk and attended by both the Group Finance Director and the CRO, is responsible for overseeing impairment policy and practice across Barclays Group and will
approve impairment results.

Reported results and key messages are communicated to
the Board Audit Committee, which has an oversight role and provides challenge of key assumptions, including the basis of the scenarios adopted.


198 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


1 Significant accounting
policies
continued


iv) Classification and
measurement

IFRS 9 requires financial assets to be classified on the basis of two criteria:


1) the business model within which financial assets are managed, and


2) their contractual cash flow characteristics (whether the cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal
and interest’).

Financial assets will be measured at amortised cost if they are held within a
business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and their contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.


Financial assets will be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held within a
business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and their contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.


Business models are determined on initial application and this may differ from the model before 1 January 2018
for certain portfolios. Barclays assesses the business model at a portfolio level. Information that is considered in determining the business model includes (i) policies and objectives for the relevant portfolio, (ii) how the performance
and risks of the portfolio are managed, evaluated and reported to management, and (iii) the frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, sales expectation for future periods, and the reasons for such sales. Financial assets managed
on a fair value basis and those that are held for trading are held at fair value through profit and loss.

In assessing whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, terms that could change the contractual cash flows so that it would not meet the condition for solely payments of principal and interest are
considered, including: (i) contingent and leverage features,
(ii) non-recourse
 arrangements and (iii) features that could modify the time value of money.


Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit and loss. There is an option to make an
irrevocable election for non traded equity investments to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, in which case dividends are recognised in profit or loss, but gains or losses are not reclassified to profit or loss upon
derecognition, and impairment is not recognised in the income statement.

On 12 October 2017, the
IASB published an amendment to IFRS 9, relating to prepayment features with negative compensation; this amendment is effective from 1 January 2019 with early application permitted, however has yet to be endorsed by the EU. This amendment allows
financial assets with such features to be measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income provided the SPPI (solely payments of principal and interest) criteria in IFRS 9 are otherwise met. In addition the amendment to
IFRS 9 clarifies that a financial asset passes the SPPI criterion regardless of the event or circumstance that cause the early termination of the contract, and irrespective of which party pays or receives reasonable compensation for the early
termination of the contract. Such prepayment features are present in some fixed rate corporate and investment bank loans, and are considered to meet the criteria for amortised cost under IFRS 9. Prepayment features are consistent with the solely
payments of principal and interest criteria if the prepayment feature substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest and reasonable compensation for early termination of the contract.


While there are some classification changes these are not significant from a Group perspective.


v) Hedge accounting


IFRS 9 contains revised requirements on hedge accounting, adoption of which is optional. In addition certain
aspects of IAS 39, being the portfolio fair value hedge for interest rate risk, continues to be available for entities (while applying IFRS 9 to the remainder of the entity’s hedge accounting relationships) until the IASB completes its
accounting for dynamic risk management project.

Based on analysis performed, Barclays will continue
applying IAS 39 hedge accounting, although it will implement the amended IFRS 7 hedge accounting disclosure requirements.

vi) Own credit

Barclays has applied the option in IFRS 9 to recognise changes
in own credit for financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss under the fair value option in other comprehensive income from 1 January 2017.


vii) Expected impact


IFRS 9 will be applied retrospectively on adoption on 1 January 2018. Opening shareholders’ equity is
expected to decrease by approximately

£2.2bn post tax. This impact assessment has been estimated
under an interim control environment with models that continue to undergo validation. The implementation of the comprehensive end state control environment will continue as Barclays introduces business as usual controls throughout 2018. Barclays
will not restate comparatives on initial application of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2018.

IFRS 15
– Revenue from Contracts with Customers

In 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15 Revenue from
Contracts with Customers which will replace IAS 18 Revenue and IAS 11 Construction Contracts. It applies to all contracts with customers except leases, financial instruments and insurance contracts. The standard establishes a more systematic
approach for revenue measurement and recognition by introducing a five-step model governing revenue recognition. The five-step model includes 1) identifying the contract with the customer, 2) identifying each of the performance obligations included
in the contract, 3) determining the amount of consideration in the contract, 4) allocating the consideration to each of the identified performance obligations and 5) recognising revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. In April 2016, the
IASB issued clarifying amendments to IFRS 15 which provide additional application guidance but did not change the underlying principles of the standard. The standard was endorsed by the EU in September 2016.


Barclays will implement this standard on 1 January 2018. Barclays has elected the
cumulative effect transition method with a transition adjustment calculated as of 1 January 2018 and recognised in retained earnings without restating comparative periods. There are no significant impacts from the adoption of IFRS 15 in
relation to the timing of when Barclays recognises revenues or when revenue should be recognised gross as a principal or net as an agent.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 199


Notes to the financial statements


for the year ended 31 December 2017


1 Significant accounting policies
continued


IFRS 16 – Leases


In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16 Leases, which will replace IAS 17 Leases. IFRS 16 will apply
to all leases with the exception of licenses of intellectual property, rights held by licensing agreement within the scope of IAS 38 Intangible Assets, service concession arrangements, leases of biological assets within the scope of IAS 41
Agriculture, and leases of minerals, oil, natural gas and similar
non-regenerative
 resources. IFRS 16 will not result in a significant change to lessor accounting; however for lessee accounting there will no
longer be a distinction between operating and finance leases. Instead lessees will be required to recognise both a right of use asset and lease liability on balance sheet for all leases. As a result Barclays will observe an increase in both assets
and liabilities for transactions currently accounted for as operating leases as at 1 January 2019 (the effective date of IFRS 16). A scope exemption will apply to short term and low value leases. Current project implementation efforts are
focused on preparing and sourcing information. The standard was endorsed by the EU in November 2017. Barclays will implement this standard on 1 January 2019. Barclays is currently assessing the expected impact of adopting this standard.


IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts


In May 2017, the IASB issued IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts, a comprehensive new accounting standard for insurance
contracts covering recognition and measurement, presentation and disclosure. Once effective, IFRS 17 will replace IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts that was issued in 2005.


IFRS 17 applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e. life,
non-life,

direct insurance and
re-insurance),
 regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. A few scope
exceptions will apply. The standard is effective from 1 January 2021 and has not yet been endorsed by the EU. Barclays is currently assessing the expected impact of adopting this standard.


IFRS 2 Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions – Amendments to IFRS 2


The IASB issued amendments to IFRS 2 Share-based Payment that address three main areas: the effects of
vesting conditions on the measurement of a cash-settled share-based payment transaction; the classification of a share-based payment transaction with net settlement features for withholding tax obligations; and accounting where a modification to the
terms and conditions of a share-based payment transaction changes its classification from cash settled to equity settled. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2018. Adoption of the amendments
will not have a significant impact on Barclays.


IFRIC Interpretation 23 Uncertainty over
Income Tax Treatment


IFRIC 23 clarifies the application of IAS 12 to accounting for income tax
treatments that have yet to be accepted by tax authorities, in scenarios where it may be unclear how tax law applies to a particular transaction or circumstance, or whether a taxation authority will accept an entity’s tax treatment. The
effective date is 1 January 2019. Barclays is currently assessing the impact of IFRIC 23.

6.
Critical accounting estimates and judgements


The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with IFRS requires the use of estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in applying the accounting policies. The key areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the
consolidated and individual financial statements are highlighted under the relevant note. Critical accounting estimates and judgements are disclosed in:


◾   Credit impairment charges on page 204;


◾   Taxes on page 207;


◾   Fair value of financial instruments on page 216;


◾   Pensions and post retirement benefits - obligations on page 255; and


◾   Provisions including conduct and legal, competition and regulatory matters on page 237.


7. Other disclosures


To improve transparency and ease of reference, by concentrating related information in one place, certain
disclosures required under IFRS have been included within the Risk review section as follows:


◾   Credit risk on page 85 and tables on pages 96 to 116;


◾   Market risk on page 87 and the tables on pages 117 to 121;


◾   Treasury and capital risk – capital on pages 137 to 145; and


◾   Treasury and capital risk – liquidity on pages 124 to 136.


These disclosures are covered by the Audit opinions (included on pages 186 and 187) where referenced as audited.


8. Parent company accounts


The Parent company’s financial statements on pages 193 to 194 also form part of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements.


200 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


The notes included in this section focus on
the results and performance of the Group.

Information on the income generated, expenditure incurred, segmental
performance, tax,

earnings per share and dividends are included here. For further detail on performance, please


see income statement commentary within Financial review (unaudited) on page 167.


2 Segmental reporting


Presentation of segmental
reporting


The Group’s segmental reporting is in accordance with IFRS 8

Operating Segments
. Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Executive Committee, which is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, and
has been identified as the chief operating decision maker. All transactions between business segments are conducted on an arm’s length basis, with intra-segment revenue and costs being eliminated in Head Office. Income and expenses directly
associated with each segment are included in determining business segment performance.

Barclays PLC is a transatlantic consumer
and wholesale bank and for segmental reporting purposes defines its divisions as follows:


◾   Barclays UK which offers everyday products and services to retail customers and small to medium sized enterprises based in the UK. The division includes the UK Personal business; the small
UK Corporate and UK Wealth businesses; and the Barclaycard UK consumer credit cards business.


◾   Barclays International which delivers products and services designed for our larger corporate, wholesale and international banking clients. The division includes the large UK Corporate
business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the Investment Bank; the international Barclaycard business; and Barclaycard Business Solutions.


◾   Head Office which comprises head office and central support functions (including treasury) and businesses in transition.


The
Non-Core
 segment was closed on 1 July 2017 with the residual assets and liabilities reintegrated
into, and associated financial performance subsequently reported in, Barclays UK, Barclays International and Head Office. Financial results up until 30 June 2017 are reflected in the
Non-Core
 segment
within the Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2017. Comparative results have not been restated.


Analysis of results by business
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office a £m   Barclays Non-Core b £m   Group results £m
For the year ended 31 December 2017
Total income   7,383   14,382   (159   )   (530   )   21,076
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (783   )   (1,506   )   (17   )   (30   )   (2,336   )
Net operating income/(expenses)   6,600   12,876   (176   )   (560   )   18,740
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (4,030   )   (9,321   )   (277   )   (256   )   (13,884   )
UK bank levy   (59   )   (265   )   (41   )   –   (365   )
Litigation and conduct   (759   )   (269   )   (151   )   (28   )   (1,207   )
Operating expenses   (4,848   )   (9,855   )   (469   )   (284   )   (15,456   )
Other net (expenses)/income c   (5   )   254   (189   )   197   257
Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations   1,747   3,275   (834   )   (647   )   3,541
Total assets (£bn)   237.4   856.1   39.7   –   1,133.2
Number of employees (full time equivalent) d   22,800   11,500   45,600   –   79,900
For the year ended 31 December 2016
Total income   7,517   14,995   103   (1,164   )   21,451
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (896   )   (1,355   )   –   (122   )   (2,373   )
Net operating income/(expenses)   6,621   13,640   103   (1,286   )   19,078
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (3,792   )   (9,129   )   (135   )   (1,509   )   (14,565   )
UK bank levy   (48   )   (284   )   (2   )   (76   )   (410   )
Litigation and conduct   (1,042   )   (48   )   (27   )   (246   )   (1,363   )
Operating expenses   (4,882   )   (9,461   )   (164   )   (1,831   )   (16,338   )
Other net (expenses)/income   (1   )   32   128   331   490
Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations   1,738   4,211   67   (2,786   )   3,230
Total assets (£bn) e   209.6   648.5   75.2   279.7   1,213
Number of employees (full time equivalent) f   36,000   36,900   100   5,500   119,300

Notes


a   The reintegration of Non-Core assets on 1 July 2017 resulted in the transfer of c.£9bn of assets into Head Office relating to a portfolio of
Italian mortgages. The portfolio generated a loss before tax of £37m in the second half of the year and included assets of £9bn as at 31 December 2017.


b   The Non-Core segment was closed on 1 July 2017. Financial results up until 30 June 2017 are reflected in the Non-Core segment for 2017.


c   Other net (expenses)/income represents the share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, profit (or loss) on disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, and gains on acquisitions.


d   As a result of the establishment of the Group Service Company in September 2017, employees who are now employed by the Group Service Company and who were previously allocated to, or were within,
Barclays UK and Barclays International are now reported in Head Office.


e   Africa Banking assets held for sale were reported in Head Office for 2016.


f   Number of employees included 40,800 in relation to Africa Banking for 2016.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 201


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


2 Segmental reporting
continued


Analysis of results by business
Barclays UK £m   Barclays International £m   Head Office £m   Barclays Non-Core £m   Group results £m
For the year ended 31 December 2015
Total income   7,343   13,747   338   612   22,040
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (706   )   (922   )   –   (134   )   (1,762   )
Net operating income   6,637   12,825   338   478   20,278
Operating expenses excluding UK bank levy and litigation and conduct   (3,464   )   (8,029   )   (272   )   (1,958   )   (13,723   )
UK bank levy   (77   )   (253   )   (8   )   (88   )   (426   )
Litigation and conduct   (2,511   )   (1,310   )   (66   )   (500   )   (4,387   )
Operating expenses   (6,052   )   (9,592   )   (346   )   (2,546   )   (18,536   )
Other net income/(expenses) a   –   45   (106   )   (535   )   (596   )
Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations   585   3,278   (114   )   (2,603   )   1,146
Total assets (£bn) b   202.5   532.2   59.4   325.8   1,120.0
Number of employees (full time equivalent) c   38,800   39,100   100   9,900   129,400

Notes


a   Other net income/(expenses) represents the share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures, profit (or loss) on disposal of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures, and gains on acquisitions.


b   Africa Banking assets held for sale were reported in Head Office for 2015.


c   Number of employees included 41,500 in relation to Africa Banking for 2015.


Income by geographic region
For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
UK   11,190   11,096   12,160
Europe   1,663   2,087   2,245
Americas   7,443   7,278   6,610
Africa and Middle East   251   419   387
Asia   529   571   638
Total   21,076   21,451   22,040
Income from individual countries which represent more than 5% of total income a
For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
UK   11,190   11,096   12,160
United States   6,871   6,876   6,228

Note


a   Total income based on counterparty location. Income from each single external customer does not amount to 10% or greater of the Group’s total income.


202 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


3 Net interest income


Accounting for interest
income and expenses


The Group applies IAS 39
Financial Instruments: Recognition and
Measurement
. Interest income on loans and advances at amortised cost, financial investments debt securities, and interest expense on financial liabilities held at amortised cost, are calculated using the effective interest method which allocates
interest, and direct and incremental fees and costs, over the expected lives of the assets and liabilities.

The effective interest method requires the Group to estimate future cash flows, in some cases based on its experience of customers’ behaviour, considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument, as well as the
expected lives of the assets and liabilities.

Barclays incurs certain costs to
originate credit card balances with the most significant being
co-brand
 partner fees. To the extent these costs are attributed to revolving customer balances they are capitalised and subsequently included
within the calculation of the effective interest rate. They are amortised to interest income over the period of expected repayment of the originated balance. Costs attributed to transacting customer balances are recorded within fee and commission
expense when incurred. There are no other individual estimates involved in the calculation of effective interest rates that are material to the results or financial position.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Cash and balances with central banks   583   186   157
Financial investments   754   740   698
Loans and advances to banks   286   600   487
Loans and advances to customers   11,783   12,958   12,512
Other   225   57   99
Interest income   13,631   14,541   13,953
Deposits from banks   (370   )   (265   )   (128   )
Customer accounts   (1,123   )   (1,514   )   (1,406   )
Debt securities in issue   (915   )   (990   )   (553   )
Subordinated liabilities   (1,223   )   (1,104   )   (1,015   )
Other   (155   )   (131   )   (243   )
Interest expense   (3,786   )   (4,004   )   (3,345   )
Net interest income   9,845   10,537   10,608

Costs to originate credit card balances of £497m (2016: £480m; 2015: £368m) have been amortised to
interest income during the period.

Interest income includes £48m (2016: £75m; 2015: £91m) accrued on impaired loans.


Included in net interest income is hedge ineffectiveness as detailed in Note 15 amounting to £(43)m in 2017 (2016: £71m;
2015: £81m).

4 Net fee and commission income


Accounting for net fee and
commission income


The Group applies IAS 18
Revenue
. Fees and commissions
charged for services provided or received by the Group are recognised as the services are provided, for example on completion of the underlying transaction.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Fee and commission income
Banking, investment management and credit related fees and commissions   8,622   8,452   8,340
Foreign exchange commission   129   118   130
Fee and commission income   8,751   8,570   8,470
Fee and commission expense   (1,937   )   (1,802   )   (1,611   )
Net fee and commission income   6,814   6,768   6,859


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 203


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


5 Net trading income


Accounting for net trading
income


In accordance with IAS 39, trading positions are held at fair value, and the resulting gains
and losses are included in the income statement, together with interest and dividends arising from long and short positions and funding costs relating to trading activities.


Income arises from both the sale and purchase of trading positions, margins which are achieved through
market-making and customer business and from changes in fair value caused by movements in interest and exchange rates, equity prices and other market variables.


Own credit gains/(losses)


As a result of the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January
2017, own credit on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss which was previously recorded in the income statement is now recognised within other comprehensive income.


2017 £ m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Trading income   3,500   2,803   2,996
Own credit (losses)/gains   –   (35   )   430
Net trading income   3,500   2,768   3,426

Included within net trading income were gains of £640m (2016: £31m gain; 2015: £992m gain) on
financial assets designated at fair value and gains of £472m (2016: £346m gain; 2015: £187m loss) on financial liabilities designated at fair value.


6 Net investment income


Accounting for net
investment income


Dividends are recognised when the right to receive the
dividend has been established. Other accounting policies relating to net investment income are set out in Note 14 and Note 16.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Net gain from disposal of available for sale investments   298   912   385
Dividend income   48   8   8
Net gain from financial instruments designated at fair value   338   158   193
Other investment income   177   246   511
Net investment income   861   1,324   1,097

7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions


Accounting for the
impairment of financial assets


Loans and other assets held at amortised
cost


In accordance with IAS 39, the Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is
objective evidence that loan assets will not be recovered in full and, wherever necessary, recognises an impairment loss in the income statement.


An impairment loss is recognised if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of events that have
occurred and these have adversely impacted the estimated future cash flows from the assets. These events include:


◾   becoming aware of significant financial difficulty of the issuer or obligor;


◾   a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;


◾   the Group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, grants a concession that it would not otherwise consider;


◾   it becomes probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;


◾   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; and


◾   observable data at a portfolio level indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows, although the decrease cannot yet be ascribed to individual financial assets
in the portfolio – such as adverse changes in the payment status of borrowers in the portfolio or national or local economic conditions that correlate with defaults on the assets in the portfolio.


Impairment assessments are conducted individually for significant assets, which comprise all wholesale customer
loans and larger retail business loans, and collectively for smaller loans and for portfolio level risks, such as country or sectoral risks. For the purposes of the assessment, loans with similar credit risk characteristics are grouped together
– generally on the basis of their product type, industry, geographical location, collateral type, past due status and other factors relevant to the evaluation of expected future cash flows.


The impairment assessment includes estimating the expected future cash flows from the asset or the group of assets,
which are then discounted using the original effective interest rate calculated for the asset. If this is lower than the carrying value of the asset or the portfolio, an impairment allowance is raised.


If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases, and the decrease can be related
objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed by adjusting the allowance account. The amount of the reversal is recognised in the income statement.


Following impairment, interest income continues to be recognised at the original effective interest rate on the
restated carrying amount, representing the unwind of the discount of the expected cash flows, including the principal due on
non-accrual
 loans.


Uncollectable loans are written off against the related allowance for loan impairment on
completion of the Group’s internal processes when all reasonably expected recoverable amounts have been collected. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the income statement.


204 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


7 Credit impairment charges and other provisions
continued


Available for sale (AFS)
financial assets

Impairment of available for sale debt instruments


Debt instruments are assessed for impairment in the same way as loans. If impairment is deemed to have occurred,
the cumulative decline in the fair value of the instrument that has previously been recognised in the AFS reserve is removed from reserves and recognised in the income statement. This may be reversed if there is evidence that the circumstances of
the issuer have improved.

Impairment of available for sale equity instruments


Where there has been a prolonged or significant decline in the fair value of an equity instrument below its
acquisition cost, it is deemed to be impaired. The cumulative net loss that has been previously recognised directly in the AFS reserve is removed from reserves and recognised in the income statement.


Increases in the fair value of equity instruments after impairment are recognised directly in other comprehensive
income. Further declines in the fair value of equity instruments after impairment are recognised in the income statement.

Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The calculation of impairment
involves the use of judgement based on the Group’s experience of managing credit risk.

Within the
retail and small businesses portfolios, which comprise large numbers of small homogeneous assets with similar risk characteristics where credit scoring techniques are generally used, statistical techniques are used to calculate impairment allowances
on a portfolio basis, based on historical recovery rates and assumed emergence periods. These statistical analyses employ as primary inputs, the extent to which accounts in the portfolio are in arrears, and historical information on the eventual
losses encountered from such delinquent portfolios. There are many such models in use, each tailored to a product, line of business or customer category. Judgement and knowledge is needed in selecting the statistical methods to use when the models
are developed or revised. The impairment allowance reflected in the financial statements for these portfolios is therefore considered to be reasonable and supportable. The impairment charge reflected in the income statement for retail portfolios is
£2,095m (2016: £2,053m; 2015: £1,535m) and amounts to 90% (2016: 87%; 2015: 88%) of the total impairment charge on loans and advances.


For individually significant assets, impairment allowances are calculated on an individual
basis and all relevant considerations that have a bearing on the expected future cash flows are taken into account (for example, the business prospects for the customer, the realisable value of collateral, the Group’s position relative to other
claimants, the reliability of customer information and the likely cost and duration of the
work-out
 process). The level of the impairment allowance is the difference between the value of the discounted
expected future cash flows (discounted at the loan’s original effective interest rate), and its carrying amount. Subjective judgements are made in the calculation of future cash flows. Furthermore, judgements change with time as new information
becomes available or as
work-out
 strategies evolve, resulting in frequent revisions to the impairment allowance as individual decisions are taken. Changes in these estimates would result in a change in the
allowances and have a direct impact on the impairment charge. The impairment charge reflected in the financial statements in relation to wholesale portfolios is £238m (2016: £299m; 2015: £209m) and amounts to 10% (2016: 13%; 2015:
12%) of the total impairment charge on loans and advances. Further information on impairment allowances and related credit information is set out within the Risk review on page 114.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
New and increased impairment allowances   3,187   3,259   2,641
Releases   (533   )   (551   )   (535   )
Recoveries   (334   )   (365   )   (350   )
Impairment charges on loans and advances   2,320   2,343   1,756
Provision charges/(releases) for undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees provided   13   9   (12   )
Loan impairment   2,333   2,352   1,744
Available for sale investment   3   21   18
Reverse repurchase agreements   –   –   –
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   2,336   2,373   1,762


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 205


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


8 Operating expenses


Accounting for staff costs


The Group applies IAS 19
Employee benefits
 in its accounting for most of the components of
staff costs.

Short-term employee benefits
 – salaries, accrued performance costs and social
security are recognised over the period in which the employees provide the services to which the payments relate.

Performance costs
 – recognised to the extent that the Group has a present obligation to its employees that can be measured reliably and are recognised over the period of service that employees are required to work to
qualify for the payments.

Deferred cash and share awards are made to employees to incentivise
performance over the period employees provide services. To receive payment under an award, employees must provide service over the vesting period. The period over which the expense for deferred cash and share awards is recognised is based upon the
period employees consider their services contribute to the awards. For past awards, the Group considers that it is appropriate to recognise the awards over the period from the date of grant to the date that the awards vest. In relation to awards
granted from 2017, the Group, taking into account the changing employee understanding surrounding those awards, considered it appropriate for expense to be recognised over the vesting period including the financial year prior to the grant date.


The accounting policies for share-based payments, and pensions and other
post-retirement benefits are included in Note 34 and Note 35 respectively.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Infrastructure costs
Property and equipment   1,363   1,180   1,082
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment   446   492   475
Operating lease rentals   342   561   411
Amortisation of intangible assets   715   670   570
Impairment of property, equipment and intangible assets   80   95   150
(Gain)/loss on property disposals   3   –   3
Total infrastructure costs   2,949   2,998   2,691
Administration and general costs
Consultancy, legal and professional fees   1,127   1,105   1,078
Subscriptions, publications, stationery and communications   630   644   678
Marketing, advertising and sponsorship   433   435   451
Travel and accommodation   150   136   188
UK bank levy   365   410   425
Goodwill impairment   –   –   102
Other administration and general expenses   542   187   61
Total administration and general costs   3,247   2,917   2,983
Staff costs   8,560   9,423   8,853
Provision for UK customer redress   700   1,000   2,772
Provision for ongoing investigations and litigation including Foreign Exchange   –   –   1,237
Operating expenses   15,456   16,338   18,536

9 Profit/(loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures


During the year, the profit on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures was £187m (2016: profit of £420m; 2015: loss of
£637m), principally relating to the sale of VocaLink and Barclays Wealth Services Japan. Please refer to Note 43 for further detail.


206 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


10 Tax


Accounting for income
taxes


Barclays applies IAS 12
Income Taxes
 in accounting for taxes on income. Income tax
payable on taxable profits (Current tax) is recognised as an expense in the periods in which the profits arise. Withholding taxes are also treated as income taxes. Income tax recoverable on tax allowable losses is recognised as a current tax asset
only to the extent that it is regarded as recoverable by offset against taxable profits arising in the current or prior periods. Current tax is measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except in certain circumstances where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax
is determined using tax rates and legislation enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date which are expected to apply when the deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are only offset when there is both a legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.


The Group considers an uncertain tax position to exist when it considers that ultimately, in the future, the amount
of profit subject to tax may be greater than the amount initially reflected in the Group’s tax returns. The Group accounts for provisions in respect of uncertain tax positions in two different ways.


A current tax provision is recognised when it is considered probable that the outcome of a review by a tax
authority of an uncertain tax position will alter the amount of cash tax due to, or from, a tax authority in the future. From recognition, the current tax provision is then measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects to pay the tax authority
to resolve the position.

Deferred tax provisions are adjustments made to the carrying value of deferred
tax assets in respect of uncertain tax positions. A deferred tax provision is recognised when it is considered probable that the outcome of a review by a tax authority of an uncertain tax position will result in a reduction in the carrying value of
the deferred tax asset. From recognition of a provision, measurement of the underlying deferred tax asset is adjusted to take into account the expected impact of resolving the uncertain tax position on the loss or temporary difference giving rise to
the deferred tax asset.

The approach taken to measurement takes account of whether the uncertain tax
position is a discrete position that will be reviewed by the tax authority in isolation from any other position, or one of a number of issues which are expected to be reviewed together concurrently and resolved simultaneously with a tax authority.
Barclays’ measurement of provisions is based upon its best estimate of the additional profit that will become subject to tax. For a discrete position, consideration is given only to the merits of that position. Where a number of issues are
expected to be reviewed and resolved together, Barclays will take into account not only the merits of its position in respect of each particular issue but also the overall level of provision relative to the aggregate of the uncertain tax positions
across all the issues that are expected to be resolved at the same time. In addition, in assessing provision levels, it is assumed that tax authorities will review uncertain tax positions and that all facts will be fully and transparently disclosed.


Critical accounting estimates and judgements


There are two key areas of judgement that impact the reported tax position. Firstly, the level of provisioning for
uncertain tax positions; and secondly, the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets.

The
Group does not consider there to be a significant risk of a material adjustment to the carrying amount of current and deferred tax balances, including provisions for uncertain tax positions in the next financial year. The provisions for uncertain
tax positions cover a diverse range of issues and reflect advice from external counsel where relevant. It should be noted that only a proportion of the total uncertain tax positions will be under audit at any point in time, and could therefore be
subject to challenge by a tax authority over the next year.

Deferred tax assets
have been recognised based on business profit forecasts. Detail on the recognition of deferred tax assets is provided in this note.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Current tax charge/(credit)
Current year   768   896   1,605
Adjustments in respect of prior years   55   (361   )   (188   )
823   535   1,417
Deferred tax charge/(credit)
Current year   1,507   393   (346   )
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (90   )   65   78
1,417   458   (268   )
Tax charge   2,240   993   1,149


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 207


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


10 Tax
continued

The table
below shows the reconciliation between the actual tax charge and the tax charge that would result from applying the standard UK corporation tax rate to the Group’s profit before tax.


2017 £m   2017 %   2016 £m   2016 %   2015 £m   2015 %
Profit before tax from continuing operations   3,541   3,230   1,146
Tax charge based on the standard UK corporation tax rate of 19.25% (2016: 20%; 2015: 20.25%)   682   19.3%   646   20.0%   232   20.3%
Impact of profits/losses earned in territories with different statutory rates to the UK
(weighted average tax rate is 29.4% (2016: 32.8%; 2015: 33.4%))   356   10.1%   415   12.8%   151   13.1%
Recurring items:
Non-creditable taxes including withholding taxes   191   5.4%   277   8.6%   309   27.0%
Non-deductible expenses   90   2.5%   114   3.5%   67   5.8%
Impact of UK bank levy being non-deductible   70   2.0%   82   2.5%   96   8.4%
Tax adjustments in respect of share-based payments   5   0.1%   34   1.1%   30   2.6%
Non-taxable gains and income   (178   )   (5.0%   )   (199   )   (6.2%   )   (197   )   (17.2%   )
Changes in recognition of deferred tax and effect of unrecognised tax losses   (71   )   (2.0%   )   (178   )   (5.5%   )   (71   )   (6.2%   )
Impact of Barclays Bank PLC’s overseas branches being taxed both locally and in the
UK   (61   )   (1.7%   )   (128   )   (4.0%   )   (35   )   (3.1%   )
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (35   )   (1.0%   )   (296   )   (9.2%   )   (110   )   (9.6%   )
Other items   128   3.6%   88   2.7%   144   12.6%
Non-recurring items:
Re-measurement of US deferred tax assets due to US tax rate reduction   1,177   33.2%   –   –   –   –
Impact of the UK branch exemption election on US branch deferred tax assets   (276   )   (7.8%   )   –   –   –   –
Non-deductible provisions for UK customer redress   129   3.6%   203   6.3%   283   24.7%
Non-deductible provisions for investigations and litigation   72   2.0%   48   1.5%   261   22.8%
Non-taxable gains and income on divestments   (39   )   (1.1%   )   (180   )   (5.6%   )   (50   )   (4.4%   )
Non-deductible impairments and losses on divestments   –   –   67   2.1%   39   3.4%
Total tax charge   2,240   63.3%   993   30.7%   1,149   100.3%

Factors driving the effective tax rate


The effective tax rate of 63.3% is higher than the UK corporation tax rate of 19.25% primarily due to the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(“US Tax Reform”), enacted on 22 December 2017, which reduced the one-off US federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. As the rate reduction was enacted before the balance sheet date, this has resulted in a tax charge as a
result of the
re-measurement
 of the Group’s US deferred tax assets in the 2017 period. This downward
re-measurement
 of the Group’s US deferred tax assets as a
result of the rate reduction is partially offset by the increase in the value of the US branch deferred tax assets as a result of Barclays Bank PLC making a tax election in the period to exclude the future profits and losses of its overseas branches
from UK taxation.

In addition the effective tax rate is also affected by profits earned outside the UK being taxed at local statutory
tax rates that are higher than the UK tax rate, provisions for UK customer redress, investigations and litigation being
non-deductible
 for tax purposes,
non-creditable

taxes and
non-deductible
 expenses including UK bank levy. These factors, which have each increased the effective tax rate, are partially offset by the impact of

non-taxable
 gains and income in the period.

The Group’s future tax charge will be sensitive
to the geographic mix of profits earned and the tax rates in force in the jurisdictions that we operate in. In the UK, legislation to reduce the corporation tax rate to 17% from 1 April 2020 has been enacted.


The reduction of the US federal corporate income tax rate to 21% from 1 January 2018 is expected to have a positive impact on the returns
generated by the Group’s US business. The ultimate impact however, is subject to any effect of the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (“BEAT”), which was introduced by US Tax Reform and presented as an anti-avoidance provision, but is
capable of having broad application to companies making payments to foreign affiliates. The provisions introducing the BEAT are complex and there are currently uncertainties surrounding their practical and technical application. The Group is
currently considering any future impact of the BEAT which may reduce the benefit of the reduction in the US federal corporate income tax rate.

Tax in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

The tax relating to each component of other
comprehensive income can be found in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income which additionally includes within Other a tax charge of £5m (2016: £21m credit) relating to share-based payments.


Tax in respect of discontinued operation

Tax relating to the discontinued operation can be found in the BAGL disposal group income statement (refer to Note 43). The tax charge of £154m (2016: £306m charge) relates entirely to the profit from the ordinary
activities of the discontinued operation.


208 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


10 Tax
continued

Current
tax assets and liabilities


Movements on current tax assets and liabilities were as follows:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Assets   561   415
Liabilities   (737   )   (903   )
As at 1 January   (176   )   (488   )
Income statement from continuing operations   (823   )   (535   )
Other comprehensive income   93   23
Corporate income tax paid   708   780
Other movements   94   44
(104   )   (176   )
Assets   482   561
Liabilities   (586   )   (737   )
As at 31 December   (104   )   (176   )
Deferred tax assets and liabilities
The deferred tax amounts on the balance sheet were as follows:
2017 £m   2016 £m
Intermediate Holding Company (“IHC Tax Group”)   1,413   2,207
Barclays Bank PLC (“US Branch Tax Group”)   1,234   1,766
Barclays PLC - UK tax group   492   575
Other   318   321
Deferred tax asset   3,457   4,869
Deferred tax liability   (44   )   (29   )
Net deferred tax   3,413   4,840

US deferred tax assets in the IHC and US Branch Tax Groups


The deferred tax asset in the IHC Tax Group of £1,413m (2016: £2,207m) includes £286m (2016: £321m) relating to tax losses
and the deferred tax asset in the US Branch Tax Group of £1,234m (2016: £1,766m) includes £283m (2016: £142m) relating to tax losses. The deferred tax assets of the Group’s US business have been
re-measured
 due to the reduction in the US federal corporate income tax rate enacted in the year. No account has been taken of the impact of any potential future BEAT liabilities in measuring the US deferred tax
assets and liabilities and any future BEAT liabilities would be accounted for in the period they arise. Under US tax rules, losses occurring prior to 1 January 2018 can be carried forward and offset against profits for a period of 20 years. The
losses first arose in 2011 in the IHC Tax Group and 2008 in the US Branch Tax Group and therefore any unused amounts may begin to expire in 2031 and 2028 respectively. The remaining US deferred tax assets relate to temporary differences for which
there is no time limit on recovery. The deferred tax assets for the IHC and the US Branch Tax Groups’ tax losses are currently projected to be fully utilised by 2019.


In prior periods the US Branch deferred tax assets have been measured as the difference between the UK and US tax rates to take into account UK
taxation expected to arise on the profits of the US Branch. During the period, Barclays Bank PLC made a UK tax election that causes the future profits or losses of the Company’s overseas branches to be excluded from the charge to UK tax and
therefore subject to tax only in the applicable overseas jurisdiction. The deferred tax assets held by the US Branch of Barclays Bank PLC have been
re-measured
 to the US tax rate as a result of this election.


UK tax group deferred tax asset

The deferred tax asset in the UK tax group of £492m (2016: £575m) relates entirely to temporary differences.


Other deferred tax assets


The deferred tax asset of £318m (2016: £321m) in other entities within the Group includes £27m (2016: £40m) relating to tax
losses carried forward. These deferred tax assets relate to a number of different territories and their recognition is based on profit forecasts or local country law which indicate that it is probable that the losses and temporary differences will
be utilised.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 209


Notes to the financial statements


Performance/return


10 Tax
continued

Of the
deferred tax asset of £318m (2016: £321m), an amount of £218m (2016: £267m) relates to entities which have suffered a loss in either the current or prior year. This has been taken into account in reaching the above conclusion
that these deferred tax assets will be fully recovered in the future.

The table below shows movements on deferred tax assets and
liabilities during the year. The amounts are different from those disclosed on the balance sheet and in the preceding table as they are presented before offsetting asset and liability balances where there is a legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.


Fixed asset timing differences £m   Available for sale investments £m   Cash flow hedges £m   Retirement benefit obligations £m   Loan impairment allowance £m   Other provisions £m   Tax losses carried forward £m   Share-based payments and deferred compensation £m   Other £m   Total £m
Assets   1,801   183   –   91   151   251   503   732   2,013   5,725
Liabilities   (92   )   (141   )   (333   )   –   –   –   –   –   (319   )   (885   )
At 1 January 2017   1,709   42   (333   )   91   151   251   503   732   1,694   4,840
Income statement   (353   )   –   –   (322   )   (38   )   (69   )   131   (307   )   (459   )   (1,417   )
Other comprehensive income   –   (3   )   262   49   –   –   –   (22   )   22   308
Other movements   (118   )   –   (4   )   16   (5   )   (25   )   (38   )   (19   )   (125   )   (318   )
1,238   39   (75   )   (166   )   108   157   596   384   1,132   3,413
Assets   1,266   200   1   52   108   157   596   384   1,362   4,126
Liabilities   (28   )   (161   )   (76   )   (218   )   –   –   –   –   (230   )   (713   )
At 31 December 2017   1,238   39   (75   )   (166   )   108   157   596   384   1,132   3,413
Assets   2,008   28   5   95   157   261   902   623   1,511   5,590
Liabilities   (194   )   (70   )   (239   )   (144   )   –   –   –   –   (570   )   (1,217   )
At 1 January 2016   1,814   (42   )   (234   )   (49   )   157   261   902   623   941   4,373
Income statement   (358   )   9   (7   )   (8   )   52   17   (522   )   15   344   (458   )
Other comprehensive income   –   49   (61   )   132   –   –   –   20   (6   )   134
Other movements   253   26   (31   )   16   (58   )   (27   )   123   74   415   791
1,709   42   (333   )   91   151   251   503   732   1,694   4,840
Assets   1,801   183   –   91   151   251   503   732   2,013   5,725
Liabilities   (92   )   (141   )   (333   )   –   –   –   –   –   (319   )   (885   )
At 31 December 2016   1,709   42   (333   )   91   151   251   503   732   1,694   4,840

Other movements include the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates as well as deferred tax amounts relating to
acquisitions, disposals and transfers to held for sale.

The amount of deferred tax liability expected to be settled after more than 12
months is £522m (2016: £273m). The amount of deferred tax assets expected to be recovered after more than 12 months is £3,399m (2016: £5,066m). These amounts are before offsetting asset and liability balances where there is a
legal right to
set-off
 and an intention to settle on a net basis.

Unrecognised deferred tax


Tax losses and temporary differences


Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of gross deductible temporary differences of £157m (2016: £64m) and gross tax
losses of £17,919m (2016: £16,820m). The tax losses include capital losses of £3,126m (2016: £3,138m) and unused tax credits of £546m (2016: £514m). Of these tax losses, £409m (2016: £394m) expire
within five years, £193m (2016: £57m) expire within six to ten years, £2,016m (2016: £358m) expire within 11 to 20 years and £15,301m (2016: £16,011m) can be carried forward indefinitely. Deferred tax assets have
not been recognised in respect of these items because it is not probable that future taxable profits and gains will be available against which they can be utilised.


Group investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates


Deferred tax is not recognised in respect of the value of Group’s investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates where the Group is able
to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of these temporary differences for which deferred tax liabilities have not
been recognised decreased in the period to £0.1bn (2016: £2bn) following the reduction of the Group’s holding in BAGL during 2017.


210 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


11 Earnings per share
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
(Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing and discontinued operations   (1,922   )   1,623   (394   )
Tax credit on profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders   174   128   70
Total (loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing and discontinued operations   (1,748   )   1,751   (324   )
Continuing operations
Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing operations   413   1,434   (696   )
Tax credit on profit after tax attributable to other equity instrument holders   174   128   70
Profit/(loss) attributable to equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing operations   587   1,562   (626   )
Discontinued operation
(Loss)/profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent in respect of discontinued operations   (2,335   )   189   302
Dilutive impact of convertible options in respect of discontinued operations   –   (1   )   –
(Loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent in respect of discontinued operations including dilutive impact on convertible options   (2,335   )   188   302
–
(Loss)/profit attributable to equity holders of the parent in respect of continuing and discontinued operations including
dilutive impact on convertible options   (1,748   )   1,750   (324   )
2017 million   2016 million   2015 million
Basic weighted average number of shares in issue   16,996   16,860   16,687
Number of potential ordinary shares   288   184   367
Diluted weighted average number of shares   17,284   17,044   17,054
Basic earnings per share   Diluted earnings per share
2017 p   2016 p   2015 p   2017 p   2016 p   2015 p
(Loss)/earnings per ordinary share   (10.3   )   10.4   (1.9   )   (10.1   )   10.3   (1.9   )
Earnings/(loss) per ordinary share in respect of continuing operations   3.5   9.3   (3.7   )   3.4   9.2   (3.7   )
(Loss)/earnings per ordinary share in respect of discontinued operation   (13.8   )   1.1   1.8   (13.5   )   1.1   1.8

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit attributable to equity holders of the parent and
the basic weighted average number of shares excluding treasury shares held in employee benefit trusts or held for trading. When calculating the diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of shares in issue is adjusted for the effects of
all dilutive potential ordinary shares held in respect of Barclays PLC, totalling 288m (2016: 184m) shares. The increase in the number of potential ordinary shares is mainly due to the widening of the spread between the average share price of
£2.08 (2016: £1.74) and the average weighted strike price of £1.41 (2016: £1.88) compared to the prior year. The total number of share options outstanding, under schemes considered to be potentially dilutive, was 534m (2016:
584m). These options have strike prices ranging from £1.20 to £2.28.

Of the total number of employee share options and share
awards at 31 December 2017, 10m (2016: 93m) were anti-dilutive.

The 136m (2016: 173m) increase in the basic weighted average number
of shares since 31 December 2016 to 16,996m is primarily due to shares issued under employee share schemes and the Scrip Dividend Programme.

12 Dividends on ordinary shares

The Directors have approved a final dividend in respect of 2017 of 2.0p per
ordinary share of 25p each which will be paid on 05 April 2018 to shareholders on the Share Register on 02 March 2018 resulting in a total dividend of 3.0p per share for the year. On 31 December 2017, there were 17,060m ordinary shares in
issue. The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2017 does not reflect this dividend, which will be accounted for in shareholders’ equity as an appropriation of retained profits in the year ending 31 December 2018. The
2017 financial statements include the 2017 interim dividends of £170m (2016: £169m) and final dividend declared in relation to 2016 of £339m (2016: £588m). Dividends are funded out of distributable reserves.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 211


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


The notes included in this section focus on assets and liabilities the Group holds and recognises at fair value. Fair value
refers to the price that would be received to sell an asset or the price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an arm’s-length transaction with a willing counterparty, which may be an observable
market price or, where there is no quoted price for the instrument, may be an estimate based on available market data. Detail regarding the Group’s approach to managing market risk can be found on pages 117 to 121.

13 Trading portfolio


Accounting for trading
portfolio assets and liabilities

In accordance with IAS 39, all assets and
liabilities held for trading purposes are held at fair value with gains and losses in the changes in fair value taken to the income statement in net trading income (Note 5).


Trading portfolio assets   Trading portfolio liabilities
2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Debt securities and other eligible bills   51,200   38,789   (29,045   )   (26,842   )
Equity securities   59,338   38,329   (8,306   )   (7,831   )
Traded loans   3,140   2,975   –   –
Commodities   82   147   –   (14   )
Trading portfolio assets/(liabilities)   113,760   80,240   (37,351   )   (34,687   )

14 Financial assets designated at fair value


Accounting for financial
assets designated at fair value


In accordance with IAS 39, financial assets may be designated at
fair value, with gains and losses taken to the income statement within net trading income (Note 5) and net investment income (Note 6). The Group has the ability to make the fair value designation when holding the instruments at fair value reduces an
accounting mismatch (caused by an offsetting liability or asset being held at fair value), or is managed by the Group on the basis of its fair value, or includes terms that have substantive derivative characteristics described in Note 15.


The details on how the fair value amounts are derived for financial assets
designated at fair value are described in Note 18.


2017 £m   2016 £m
Loans and advances   11,037   10,519
Debt securities   15   70
Equity securities   4,670   4,558
Reverse repurchase agreements   100,040   63,162
Customers’ assets held under investment contracts   –   37
Other financial assets   519   262
Financial assets designated at fair value   116,281   78,608

Credit risk of loans and advances designated at fair value and related credit derivatives


The following table shows the maximum exposure to credit risk, the changes in fair value attributable to changes in credit risk, and the cumulative
changes in fair value since initial recognition together with the amount by which related credit derivatives mitigate this risk:


Maximum exposure as at 31 December   Changes in fair value during the year
ended   Cumulative changes in fair value from
inception
2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Loans and advances designated at fair value, attributable to credit risk   11,037   10,519   10   (42   )   2   (42   )
Value mitigated by related credit derivatives   256   339   1   (2   )   (12   )   (13   )


212 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


15 Derivative financial instruments


Accounting for derivatives


Derivative instruments are contracts whose value is derived from one or more underlying financial
instruments or indices defined in the contract. They include swaps, forward rate agreements, futures, options and combinations of these instruments and primarily affect the Group’s net interest income, net trading income and derivative assets
and liabilities. Notional amounts of the contracts are not recorded on the balance sheet.

The Group
applies IAS 39. All derivative instruments are held at fair value through profit or loss, except for derivatives that are in a designated cash flow or net investment hedge accounting relationship. Derivatives are classified as assets when their fair
value is positive or as liabilities when their fair value is negative. This includes terms included in a contract or other financial asset or liability (the host), which, had it been a standalone contract, would have had met the definition of a
derivative. If these are separated from the host i.e. when the economic characteristics of the embedded derivative are not closely related with those of the host contract and the combined instrument is not measured at fair value though profit or
loss, then they are accounted for in the same way as derivatives.

Hedge accounting


The Group applies hedge accounting to represent, to the maximum possible extent permitted under accounting
standards, the economic effects of its interest and currency risk management strategies. Derivatives are used to hedge interest rate, exchange rate, commodity, and equity exposures and exposures to certain indices such as house price indices and
retail price indices related to
non-trading
 positions. Where derivatives are held for risk management purposes, and when transactions meet the required criteria for documentation and hedge effectiveness, the
Group applies fair value hedge accounting, cash flow hedge accounting, or hedging of a net investment in a foreign operation, as appropriate to the risks being hedged.


Fair value hedge accounting


Changes in fair value of derivatives that qualify and are designated as fair value hedges are recorded in the
income statement, together with changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. The fair value changes adjust the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability held at amortised cost.


If hedge relationships no longer meet the criteria for hedge accounting, hedge accounting is
discontinued. For fair value hedges of interest rate risk, the fair value adjustment to the hedged item is amortised to the income statement over the period to maturity of the previously designated hedge relationship using the effective interest
method. If the hedged item is sold or repaid, the unamortised fair value adjustment is recognised immediately in the income statement.


Cash flow hedge accounting


For qualifying cash flow hedges, the fair value gain or loss associated with the effective portion of the cash flow
hedge is recognised initially in other comprehensive income, and then recycled to the income statement in the periods when the hedged item will affect profit or loss. Any ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is
recognised in the income statement immediately.

When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, or when a
hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognised when the hedged item is ultimately recognised in the income statement. When a forecast
transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that was recognised in equity is immediately transferred to the income statement.


Hedges of net investments


The Group’s net investments in foreign operations, including monetary items accounted for
as part of the net investment, are hedged for foreign currency risks using both derivatives and foreign currency borrowings. Hedges of net investments are accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges; the effective portion of the gain or loss on the
hedging instrument is being recognised directly in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion being recognised immediately in the income statement. The cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in the
income statement on the disposal or partial disposal of the foreign operation, or other reductions in the Group’s investment in the operation.


Total derivatives   2017   2016
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )   36,185,820   345,624   (339,646   )
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   231,348   165   (1,109   )   336,524   1,002   (841   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities)   35,918,021   237,669   (238,345   )   36,522,344   346,626   (340,487   )

Further information on netting arrangements of derivative financial instruments can be found within Note 19.


Trading derivatives are managed within the Group’s market risk management policies, which are outlined on pages 117 to 121.


The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from derivative contracts are outlined in
the Credit risk section on pages 96 to 116
.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 213


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


15 Derivative financial instruments
continued


The fair values and notional amounts of derivative instruments held for trading are set out in the following table:


Derivatives held for trading   2017   2016
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Foreign exchange derivatives
Forward foreign exchange   3,131,184   26,534   (26,177   )   2,308,922   32,442   (30,907   )
Currency swaps   1,098,587   23,675   (22,003   )   1,086,552   40,083   (40,164   )
OTC options bought and sold   506,156   4,056   (4,665   )   772,031   6,338   (6,762   )
OTC derivatives   4,735,927   54,265   (52,845   )   4,167,505   78,863   (77,833   )
Foreign exchange derivatives cleared by central counterparty   59,618   607   (585   )   43,478   366   (388   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   24,266   30   (30   )   18,813   31   (27   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   4,819,811   54,902   (53,460   )   4,229,796   79,260   (78,248   )
Interest rate derivatives
Interest rate swaps   5,680,977   121,560   (112,187   )   4,799,897   153,822   (143,059   )
Forward rate agreements   268,277   87   (88   )   296,559   999   (968   )
OTC options bought and sold   2,384,453   27,235   (29,635   )   2,522,430   42,412   (43,373   )
OTC derivatives   8,333,707   148,882   (141,910   )   7,618,886   197,233   (187,400   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared by central counterparty a   13,215,545   3,675   (3,390   )   14,439,407   30,503   (31,528   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   7,644,560   362   (358   )   7,952,733   397   (370   )
Interest rate derivatives   29,193,812   152,919   (145,658   )   30,011,026   228,133   (219,298   )
Credit derivatives
OTC swaps   411,160   7,595   (6,233   )   615,057   11,811   (10,513   )
Credit derivatives cleared by central counterparty   303,841   4,954   (5,319   )   332,743   4,462   (4,572   )
Credit derivatives   715,001   12,549   (11,552   )   947,800   16,273   (15,085   )
Equity and stock index derivatives
OTC options bought and sold   58,456   5,262   (9,591   )   102,545   6,766   (8,837   )
Equity swaps and forwards   103,283   2,235   (5,478   )   105,120   2,253   (4,435   )
OTC derivatives   161,739   7,497   (15,069   )   207,665   9,019   (13,272   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   632,662   7,201   (9,050   )   585,620   8,070   (8,600   )
Equity and stock index derivatives   794,401   14,698   (24,119   )   793,285   17,089   (21,872   )
Commodity derivatives
OTC options bought and sold   4,465   32   (103   )   14,053   395   (461   )
Commodity swaps and forwards   12,755   662   (753   )   16,086   1,528   (1,821   )
OTC derivatives   17,220   694   (856   )   30,139   1,923   (2,282   )
Exchange traded futures and options – bought and sold   146,428   1,742   (1,591   )   173,774   2,946   (2,861   )
Commodity derivatives   163,648   2,436   (2,447   )   203,913   4,869   (5,143   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )   36,185,820   345,624   (339,646   )
Total OTC derivatives held for trading   13,659,753   218,933   (216,913   )   12,639,252   298,849   (291,300   )
Total derivatives cleared by central counterparty held for
trading   13,579,004   9,236   (9,294   )   14,815,628   35,331   (36,488   )
Total exchange traded derivatives held for trading   8,447,916   9,335   (11,029   )   8,730,940   11,444   (11,858   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   35,686,673   237,504   (237,236   )   36,185,820   345,624   (339,646   )


214 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


15 Derivative financial instruments
continued


The fair values and notional amounts of derivative instruments held for risk management are set out in the following table:


Derivatives held for risk management   2017   2016
Notional   Notional
contract   Fair value   contract   Fair value
amount   Assets   Liabilities   amount   Assets   Liabilities
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Currency swaps   –   –   –   1,357   453   –
Interest rate swaps   1,482   7   (3   )   5,965   154   (6   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared by central counterparty   122,103   –   –   181,541   62   (27   )
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges   123,585   7   (3   )   188,863   669   (33   )
Derivatives designated as fair value hedges
Interest rate swaps   7,345   117   (1,096   )   10,733   301   (744   )
Interest rate derivatives cleared by central counterparty   97,436   –   –   130,842   –   –
Derivatives designated as fair value hedges   104,781   117   (1,096   )   141,575   301   (744   )
Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments
Forward foreign exchange   2,982   41   (10   )   6,086   32   (64   )
Derivatives designated as hedges of net investments   2,982   41   (10   )   6,086   32   (64   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   231,348   165   (1,109   )   336,524   1,002   (841   )
Total OTC derivatives held for risk management   11,809   165   (1,109   )   24,141   940   (814   )
Total derivatives cleared by central counterparty held for risk management   219,539   –   –   312,383   62   (27   )
Derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   231,348   165   (1,109   )   336,524   1,002   (841   )

The Group has hedged the following forecast cash flows, which primarily vary with interest rates. These cash flows
are expected to impact the income statement in the following periods, excluding any hedge adjustments that may be applied:


Up to   One to   Two to   Three to   Four to   More than
Total   one year   two years   three years   four years   five years   five years
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
2017
Forecast receivable cash flows   2,671   484   584   561   416   305   321
Forecast payable cash flows   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
2016
Forecast receivable cash flows   2,616   455   531   511   411   327   381
Forecast payable cash flows   52   15   16   7   6   5   3

The maximum length of time over which the Group hedges exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecast
transactions, excluding those forecast transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments is 10 years (2016: 10 years).


Amounts recognised in net interest income   2017 £m   2016 £m
Gains on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk   550   1,787
Losses on the hedging instruments   (460   )   (1,741   )
Fair value ineffectiveness   90   46
Cash flow hedging ineffectiveness   (135   )   28
Net investment hedging ineffectiveness   2   (3   )

Gains and losses transferred from the cash flow hedging reserve to the income statement included a £nil (2016:
£17m gain) transferred to interest income; a £632m gain (2016: £491m gain) to interest expense; a £nil (2016: £17m gain) to administration and general expenses; and a £nil (2016: £75m loss) to taxation.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 215


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


16 Financial investments


Accounting for financial investments


Available for sale financial assets are held at fair value with gains and losses being included in other
comprehensive income. The Group uses this classification for assets that are not derivatives and are not held for trading purposes or otherwise designated at fair value through profit or loss, or at amortised cost. Dividends and interest (calculated
using the effective interest method) are recognised in the income statement in net interest income (Note 3) or, net investment income (Note 6). On disposal, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is also included in net
investment income.

Held to maturity assets are held at amortised cost. The Group
uses this classification when there is an intent and ability to hold the asset to maturity. Interest on the investments are recognised in the income statement within net interest income (Note 3).


2017 £m   2016 £m
Available for sale debt securities and other eligible bills   52,020   57,703
Available for sale equity securities   1,787   438
Held to maturity debt securities   5,109   5,176
Financial investments   58,916   63,317

17 Financial liabilities designated at fair value


Accounting for liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss


In accordance with IAS 39, financial liabilities may be designated at fair value, with gains and losses taken to
the income statement within net trading income (Note 5) and net investment income (Note 6). Movements in own credit are reported through other comprehensive income from January 2017 upon early adoption of IFRS 9. The Group has the ability to make
the fair value designation when holding the instruments at fair value reduces an accounting mismatch (caused by an offsetting liability or asset being held at fair value), or is managed by the Group on the basis of its fair value, or includes terms
that have substantive derivative characteristics (Note 15).

The details on how the
fair value amounts are arrived for financial liabilities designated at fair value are described in Note 18.


2017   2016
Fair value £m   Contractual amount due on maturity £m   Fair value £m   Contractual amount due on maturity £m
Debt securities   42,563   46,920   34,985   37,034
Deposits   4,448   4,414   5,269   5,303
Liabilities to customers under investment contracts   –   –   37   –
Repurchase agreements   126,691   126,822   55,710   55,760
Other financial liabilities   16   16   30   30
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   173,718   178,172   96,031   98,127

The cumulative own credit net loss recognised is £179m (2016: £239m loss).


18 Fair value of financial instruments


Accounting for financial assets and liabilities – fair values


The Group applies IAS 39. All financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date of initial
recognition (including transaction costs, other than financial instruments held at fair value through profit or loss) and, depending on the classification of the asset or liability, may continue to be held at fair value either through profit or loss
or other comprehensive income. The fair value of a financial instrument is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.


Wherever possible, fair value is determined by reference to a quoted market price for that instrument. For many of
the Group’s financial assets and liabilities, especially derivatives, quoted prices are not available and valuation models are used to estimate fair value. The models calculate the expected cash flows under the terms of each specific contract
and then discount these values back to a present value. These models use as their basis independently sourced market inputs including, for example, interest rate yield curves, equities and commodities prices, option volatilities and currency rates.


For financial liabilities measured at fair value, the carrying amount reflects the effect on fair value
of changes in own credit spreads derived from observable market data such as in primary issuance and redemption activity for structured notes.


On initial recognition, it is presumed that the transaction price is the fair value unless there is observable
information available in an active market to the contrary. The best evidence of an instrument’s fair value on initial recognition is typically the transaction price. However, if fair value can be evidenced by comparison with other observable
current market transactions in the same instrument, or is based on a valuation technique whose inputs include only data from observable markets, then the instrument should be recognised at the fair value derived from such observable market data.


For valuations that have made use of unobservable inputs, the difference between
the model valuation and the initial transaction price (‘Day One profit’) is recognised in profit or loss either: on a straight-line basis over the term of the transaction; or over the period until all model inputs will become observable
where appropriate; or released in full when previously unobservable inputs become observable.


216 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Various factors influence the
availability of observable inputs and these may vary from product to product and change over time. Factors include the depth of activity in the relevant market, the type of product, whether the product is new and not widely traded in the
marketplace, the maturity of market modelling and the nature of the transaction (bespoke or generic). To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are not observable in the market, the determination of fair value can be more
subjective, dependent on the significance of the unobservable input to the overall valuation. Unobservable inputs are determined based on the best information available, for example by reference to similar assets, similar maturities or other
analytical techniques.

The sensitivity of valuations used in the financial statements to possible
changes in significant unobservable inputs is shown on page 224.

Critical accounting estimates and
judgements

The valuation of financial instruments often involves a significant
degree of judgement and complexity, in particular where valuation models make use of unobservable inputs (‘Level 3’ assets and liabilities). This note provides information on these instruments, including the related unrealised gains
and losses recognised in the period, a description of significant valuation techniques and unobservable inputs, and a sensitivity analysis.

Valuation

IFRS 13
Fair Value Measurement
 requires an entity to classify its assets and liabilities
according to a hierarchy that reflects the observability of significant market inputs. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined below.

Quoted market prices – Level 1

Assets and liabilities are classified as Level 1 if their value is
observable in an active market. Such instruments are valued by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets where the quoted price is readily available, and the price represents actual and regularly
occurring market transactions. An active market is one in which transactions occur with sufficient volume and frequency to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.


Valuation technique using observable inputs – Level 2


Assets and liabilities classified as Level 2 have been valued using models whose inputs are observable either directly or indirectly.
Valuations based on observable inputs include assets and liabilities such as swaps and forwards which are valued using market standard pricing techniques, and options that are commonly traded in markets where all the inputs to the market standard
pricing models are observable.

Valuation technique using significant unobservable inputs – Level 3


Assets and liabilities are classified as Level 3 if their valuation incorporates significant inputs that are not based on observable market
data (unobservable inputs). A valuation input is considered observable if it can be directly observed from transactions in an active market, or if there is compelling external evidence demonstrating an executable exit price. Unobservable input
levels are generally determined via reference to observable inputs, historical observations or using other analytical techniques.

The
following table shows the Group’s assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by valuation technique (fair value hierarchy) and balance sheet classification:


Assets and liabilities held at fair value
2017   2016
Valuation technique using   Valuation technique using
Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Total £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Total £m
Trading portfolio assets   63,925   47,858   1,977   113,760   41,550   36,625   2,065   80,240
Financial assets designated at fair value   4,347   104,187   7,747   116,281   4,031   64,630   9,947   78,608
Derivative financial assets   3,786   228,549   5,334   237,669   5,261   332,819   8,546   346,626
Available for sale investments   22,841   30,571   395   53,807   21,218   36,551   372   58,141
Investment property   –   –   116   116   –   –   81   81
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale a   –   –   29   29   6,754   8,511   6,009   21,274
Total assets   94,899   411,165   15,598   521,662   78,814   479,136   27,020   584,970
Trading portfolio liabilities   (20,905   )   (16,442   )   (4   )   (37,351   )   (20,205   )   (14,475   )   (7   )   (34,687   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   –   (173,238   )   (480   )   (173,718   )   (70   )   (95,121   )   (840   )   (96,031   )
Derivative financial liabilities   (3,631   )   (229,517   )   (5,197   )   (238,345   )   (5,051   )   (328,265   )   (7,171   )   (340,487   )
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale a   –   –   –   –   (397   )   (5,224   )   (6,201   )   (11,822   )
Total liabilities   (24,536   )   (419,197   )   (5,681   )   (449,414   )   (25,723   )   (443,085   )   (14,219   )   (483,027   )

Note


a   Disposal groups held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are included in the fair value table.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 217


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


The following table shows the Group’s assets and liabilities that are held at fair value disaggregated by valuation technique (fair value
hierarchy) and product type.


Assets and liabilities held at fair value by product type
Assets Valuation technique using   Liabilities Valuation technique using
Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m
As at 31 December 2017
Interest rate derivatives   –   150,325   2,718   –   (143,890   )   (2,867   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   –   54,783   160   –   (53,346   )   (124   )
Credit derivatives   –   11,163   1,386   –   (11,312   )   (240   )
Equity derivatives   3,786   9,848   1,064   (3,631   )   (18,527   )   (1,961   )
Commodity derivatives   –   2,430   6   –   (2,442   )   (5   )
Government and government sponsored debt   34,783   49,853   49   (13,079   )   (13,116   )   –
Corporate debt   –   15,098   871   –   (3,580   )   (4   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   –   1,491   –   –   (7,377   )   (250   )
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements   –   100,038   –   –   (126,691   )   –
Non-asset backed loans   –   5,710   6,657   –   –   –
Asset backed securities   –   1,837   626   –   (221   )   –
Issued debt   –   –   –   –   (38,176   )   (214   )
Equity cash products   56,322   7,690   112   (7,826   )   (388   )   –
Private equity investments   8   1   817   –   –   (16   )
Assets and liabilities held for sale   –   –   29   –   –   –
Other a   –   898   1,103   –   (131   )   –
Total   94,899   411,165   15,598   (24,536   )   (419,197   )   (5,681   )
As at 31 December 2016
Interest rate derivatives   –   222,892   5,759   –   (215,213   )   (4,860   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   –   79,612   132   –   (78,263   )   (51   )
Credit derivatives   –   14,662   1,611   –   (14,844   )   (241   )
Equity derivatives   4,210   11,842   1,037   (4,058   )   (15,808   )   (2,007   )
Commodity derivatives   1,052   3,809   8   (991   )   (4,138   )   (13   )
Government and government sponsored debt   31,203   49,834   3   (12,761   )   (11,454   )   –
Corporate debt   46   11,921   969   (27   )   (1,907   )   (5   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   –   994   –   –   (6,936   )   (319   )
Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements   –   63,162   –   –   (55,710   )   –
Non-asset backed loans   –   2,888   8,767   –   –   –
Asset backed securities   –   1,956   515   –   (256   )   –
Issued debt   –   –   –   –   (31,973   )   (298   )
Equity cash products   35,399   6,478   150   (7,416   )   (934   )   (2   )
Private equity investments   23   110   856   –   (18   )   (12   )
Assets and liabilities held for sale   6,754   8,511   6,009   (397   )   (5,224   )   (6,201   )
Other a   127   465   1,204   (73   )   (407   )   (210   )
Total   78,814   479,136   27,020   (25,723   )   (443,085   )   (14,219   )

Note


a   Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset backed loans, physical commodities and investment property.


Valuation techniques and sensitivity analysis

Sensitivity analysis is performed on products with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) to generate a range of reasonably possible alternative valuations. The sensitivity methodologies applied take account of the nature of the
valuation techniques used, as well as the availability and reliability of observable proxy and historical data and the impact of using alternative models.

Sensitivities are dynamically calculated on a monthly basis. The calculation is based on range or spread data of a reliable reference source or a scenario based on relevant market analysis alongside the impact of using alternative
models. Sensitivities are calculated without reflecting the impact of any diversification in the portfolio.

The valuation techniques
used for the material products within Levels 2 and 3, and observability and sensitivity analysis for products within Level 3, are described below.

Interest rate derivatives

Description:
 Derivatives linked to interest rates or inflation indices. The
category includes futures, interest rate and inflation swaps, swaptions, caps, floors, inflation options, balance guaranteed swaps and other exotic interest rate derivatives.


Valuation:
 Interest rate and inflation derivatives are generally valued using curves of forward rates constructed from market data to project
and discount the expected future cash flows of trades. Instruments with optionality are valued using volatilities implied from market inputs, and use industry standard or bespoke models depending on the product type.


218 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Observability:
 In general, inputs are considered observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately for each input and
underlying. Unobservable inputs are generally set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity to unobservable valuation inputs is based on the dispersion of consensus data services
where available, or alternatively it is based on stress scenarios or historic data.

Foreign exchange derivatives


Description:
 Derivatives linked to the foreign exchange (FX) market. The category includes FX forward contracts, FX swaps and FX options. The
majority are traded as over the counter (OTC) derivatives.

Valuation:
 FX derivatives are valued using industry standard and
bespoke models depending on the product type. Valuation inputs include FX rates, interest rates, FX volatilities, interest rate volatilities, FX interest rate correlations and others as appropriate.


Observability:
 FX correlations, forwards and volatilities are generally observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately
for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity relating to unobservable valuation inputs is primarily based on the dispersion of
consensus data services.

Credit derivatives


Description:
 Derivatives linked to the credit spread of a referenced entity, index or basket of referenced entities or a pool of referenced
assets (e.g. a securitised product). The category includes single name and index credit default swaps (CDS), asset backed CDS and synthetic collateralised debt obligations (CDOs).


Valuation:
 CDS are valued on industry standard models using curves of credit spreads as the principal input. Credit spreads are observed
directly from broker data, third-party vendors or priced to proxies. Synthetic CDOs are valued using a model that incorporates credit spreads, recovery rates, correlations and interest rates, and is calibrated to the index tranche market.


Observability:
 CDS contracts referencing entities that are actively traded are generally considered observable. Other valuation
inputs are considered observable if products with significant sensitivity to the inputs are actively traded in a liquid market. Unobservable valuation inputs are generally determined with reference to recent transactions or inferred from observable
trades of the same issuer or similar entities.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity to unobservable CDS contracts
is determined by applying a shift to credit spread curves based on the average range of pricing observed in the market for similar CDS. Sensitivity to unobservable synthetic CDOs is calculated using correlation levels derived from the range of
contributors to a consensus bespoke service.

Equity derivatives


Description:
 Exchange traded or OTC derivatives linked to equity indices and single names. The category includes vanilla and exotic equity
products.

Valuation:
 Equity derivatives are valued using industry standard models. Valuation inputs include stock prices,
dividends, volatilities, interest rates, equity repurchase curves and, for multi-asset products, correlations.

Observability:
 In
general, valuation inputs are observable up to liquid maturities which are determined separately for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred
via another reasonable method.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally estimated using the dispersion of
consensus data services.

Commodity derivatives


Description:
 Exchange traded and OTC derivatives based on underlying commodities such as metals, crude oil and refined products,
agricultural, power and natural gas.

Valuation:
 Commodity swaps and options are valued using models incorporating discounting of
cash flows and other industry standard modelling techniques. Valuation inputs include forward curves, volatilities implied from market observable inputs and correlations.


Observability:
 Commodity correlations, forwards and volatilities are generally observable up to liquid maturities which are determined
separately for each input and underlying. Unobservable inputs are set with reference to similar observable products, or by applying extrapolation techniques to observable inputs.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is determined primarily by measuring historical variability over a period of years. Where
historical data is unavailable or uncertainty is due to volumetric risk, sensitivity is measured by applying appropriate stress scenarios or using proxy
bid-offer
 spread levels.


Complex derivative instruments

Valuation estimates made by counterparties with respect to complex derivative instruments, for the purpose of determining the amount of collateral to be posted, often differ, sometimes significantly, from Barclays’ own
estimates. In almost all cases, Barclays has been able to successfully resolve such differences or otherwise reach an accommodation with respect to collateral posting levels, including in certain cases by entering into compromise collateral
arrangements. Due to the ongoing nature of collateral calls, Barclays will often be engaged in discussion with one or more counterparties in respect of such differences at any given time. Valuation estimates made by counterparties for collateral
purposes are considered, like any other third-party valuation, when determining Barclays’ fair value estimates.

Government and
government sponsored debt

Description:
 Government bonds, supra sovereign bonds and agency bonds.


Valuation:
 Liquid bonds that are actively traded through an exchange or clearing house are marked to the levels observed in these markets.
Other actively traded bonds are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing sources.

Observability:
 prices for actively traded bonds are considered observable. Unobservable bonds prices are generally determined by reference to bond yields for actively traded bonds from the same (or a similar) issuer.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally determined by using a range of observable alternative prices.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 219


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Corporate debt


Description:
 Primarily corporate bonds.

Valuation:
 Corporate bonds are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing sources.


Observability:
 Prices for actively traded bonds are considered observable. Unobservable bonds prices are generally determined by reference to
bond yields or CDS spreads for actively traded instruments issued by or referencing the same (or a similar) issuer.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally determined by applying a shift to bond yields using the average ranges of
external levels observed in the market for similar bonds.

Certificates of Deposit, Commercial Paper and other money market
instruments

Description:
 Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments.


Valuation:
 Instruments are valued using observable market prices sourced from broker quotes, inter-dealer prices or other reliable pricing
services.

Observability:
 Prices for actively traded instruments are considered observable. Unobservable instrument prices are
generally determined by reference to bond yields or CDS spreads for actively traded instruments issued by or referencing the same (or a similar) issuer.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally calculated by using a range of observable alternative prices.

Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements

Description:
 Includes securities purchased under resale
agreements, securities sold under repurchase agreements, and other similar secured lending agreements. The agreements are primarily short-term in nature.

Valuation:
 Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are generally valued by discounting the expected future cash flows using industry standard models that incorporate market interest rates and repurchase rates, based on
the specific details of the transaction.

Observability:
 Inputs are deemed observable up to liquid maturities, and are determined
based on the specific features of the transaction. Unobservable inputs are generally set by referencing liquid market instruments and applying extrapolation techniques, or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally estimated using the dispersion of consensus data services, stress scenarios
or historic data. In general, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs is not significant to the overall valuation given the predominantly short-term nature of the agreements.


Non-asset
 backed loans


Description:
 Largely made up of fixed rate loans.

Valuation:
 Fixed rate loans are valued using models that discount expected future cash flows based on interest rates and loan spreads.


Observability:
 Within this loan population, the loan spread is generally unobservable. Unobservable loan spreads are determined by
incorporating funding costs, the level of comparable assets such as gilts, issuer credit quality and other factors.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 The sensitivity of fixed rate loans is calculated by applying a shift to loan spreads.


Asset backed securities


Description:
 Securities that are linked to the cash flows of a pool of referenced assets via securitisation. The category includes
residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, CDOs, collateralised loan obligations (CLOs) and other asset backed securities.


Valuation:
 Where available, valuations are based on observable market prices sourced from broker quotes and inter-dealer prices. Otherwise,
valuations are determined using industry standard discounted cash flow analysis that calculates the fair value based on valuation inputs such as constant default rate, conditional prepayment rate, loss given default and yield. These inputs are
determined by reference to a number of sources including proxying to observed transactions, market indices or market research, and by assessing underlying collateral performance.


Proxying to observed transactions, indices or research requires an assessment and comparison of the relevant securities’ underlying attributes
including collateral, tranche, vintage, underlying asset composition (historical losses, borrower characteristics and loan attributes such as
loan-to-value
 ratio and
geographic concentration) and credit ratings (original and current).

Observability:
 Where an asset backed product does not have
an observable market price and the valuation is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, the instrument is considered unobservable.

Level
 3 sensitivity:
 The sensitivity analysis for asset backed products is based on externally sourced pricing dispersion or by stressing the inputs of discount cash flow analysis.


Issued debt


Description:
 Debt notes issued by Barclays.

Valuation:
 Issued debt is valued using discounted cash flow techniques and industry standard models incorporating various inputs observed for each instrument.


Observability:
 Barclays issued notes are generally observable. Structured notes are debt instruments containing embedded derivatives. Where
either an input to the embedded derivative or the debt instrument is deemed unobservable and significant to the overall valuation of the note, the structured note is classified as Level 3.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity to the unobservable input in the embedded derivative is calculated in line with the
method used for the derivative instrument concerned.


220 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued

Equity cash products

Description:
 Includes listed equities, Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) and preference
shares.

Valuation:
 Valuation of equity cash products is primarily determined through market observable prices.


Observability:
 Prices for actively traded equity cash products are considered observable. Unobservable equity prices are generally determined
by reference to actively traded instruments that are similar in nature, or inferred via another reasonable method.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Sensitivity is generally calculated based on applying a shift to the valuation of the underlying
asset.

Private equity investments

Description:
 Includes private equity holdings and principal investments.

Valuation:
 Private equity
investments are valued in accordance with the ‘International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines’ which require the use of a number of individual pricing benchmarks such as the prices of recent transactions in the same
or similar entities, discounted cash flow analysis and comparison with the earnings multiples of listed companies. While the valuation of unquoted equity instruments is subjective by nature, the relevant methodologies are commonly applied by other
market participants and have been consistently applied over time.

Observability:
 Inputs are considered observable if there is
active trading in a liquid market of products with significant sensitivity to the inputs. Unobservable inputs include earnings estimates, multiples of comparative companies, marketability discounts and discount rates.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
 Private equity valuation models are each sensitive to a number of key assumptions, such as projected
future earnings, comparator multiples, marketability discounts and discount rates. Valuation sensitivity is generally estimated by shifting assumptions to reasonable alternative levels.


Assets and liabilities held for sale

Description:
Assets and liabilities held for sale consist of disposal groups Barclays intend to sell.


Valuation:
Assets and liabilities held for sale are valued at the lower of carrying value and fair value less costs to sell.


Level
 3 sensitivity:
The disposal groups that are measured at fair value less cost to sell are valued at the agreed price
less costs to sell and are not expected to display significant sensitivity. The sensitivity of the assets and liabilities measured at carrying value is explained within the relevant product descriptions.


Other

Description:

Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund-linked products, asset-backed loans, physical commodities and investment property.

Assets and liabilities reclassified between Level 1 and Level 2

During the period, there were
transfers of £3,807m of government bond assets and £1,023m/£(950)m of commodity derivative assets and liabilities from Level 1 to Level 2 (2016: £2,340m of government bond assets transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1) to reflect the market observability of these product types. These transfers are reflected as if they had taken place at the beginning of the year.


Level 3 movement analysis

The following table summarises the movements in the Level 3 balances during the period. Transfers have been reflected as if they had taken place at the beginning of the year.


Assets and liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are not included as
these are measured at fair value on a
non-recurring
 basis.

Asset and liability transfers between
Level 2 and Level 3 are primarily due to i) an increase or decrease in observable market activity related to an input or ii) a change in the significance of the unobservable input, with assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 if
an unobservable input is deemed significant.

During the year:


◾   £721m of net interest rate derivatives were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 to reflect the market observability of the products;


◾   £2,284m of non-asset backed loans were derecognised due to a substantial modification of terms on the ESHLA loans. The restructured loans are measured
on an amortised cost basis.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 221


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities
As at   Total gains and losses in the period recognised in the income
statement   Total gains or losses recog-   Transfers   As at 31
1 January 2017 £m   Purchases £m   Sales £m   Issues £m   Settle- ments £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   nised in OCI £m   In £m   Out £m   December 2017 £m
Government and government sponsored debt   3   46   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   49
Corporate debt   969   73   (47   )   –   (98   )   21   –   –   6   (53   )   871
Non-asset backed loans   151   435   (187   )   –   (221   )   (8   )   –   –   1   (5   )   166
Asset backed securities   515   195   (78   )   –   (9   )   9   –   –   –   (5   )   627
Equity cash products   77   24   (11   )   –   –   (19   )   –   –   –   (3   )   68
Other   350   2   (77   )   –   (97   )   25   (1   )   –   3   (9   )   196
Trading portfolio assets   2,065   775   (400   )   –   (425   )   28   (1   )   –   10   (75   )   1,977
Non-asset backed loans   8,616   –   –   –   (2,284   )   159   –   –   –   –   6,491
Asset backed loans   201   27   (25   )   –   (3   )   (17   )   (3   )   –   6   (31   )   155
Private equity investments   562   26   (127   )   –   (1   )   (1   )   29   –   21   (11   )   498
Equity cash products   –   –   –   –   (1   )   (7   )   –   –   16   –   8
Other   568   4,675   (4,646   )   –   (247   )   41   197   –   16   (9   )   595
Financial assets designated at fair value   9,947   4,728   (4,798   )   –   (2,536   )   175   223   –   59   (51   )   7,747
Equity cash products   73   –   –   –   –   –   1   2   5   (45   )   36
Private equity investments   294   15   (78   )   –   –   –   (5   )   37   60   (4   )   319
Other   5   36   –   –   (2   )   –   –   1   –   –   40
Available for sale investments   372   51   (78   )   –   (2   )   –   (4   )   40   65   (49   )   395
Investment property   81   114   (69   )   –   –   –   (10   )   –   –   –   116
Trading portfolio liabilities   (7   )   (4   )   1   –   –   2   –   –   (1   )   5   (4   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   (319   )   –   69   –   –   –   9   –   (104   )   95   (250   )
Issued debt   (298   )   –   84   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   (214   )
Other   (223   )   –   –   –   204   –   (6   )   –   –   9   (16   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   (840   )   –   153   –   204   –   3   –   (104   )   104   (480   )
Interest rate derivatives   899   58   (1   )   –   (208   )   (166   )   –   –   (11   )   (721   )   (150   )
Foreign exchange derivatives   81   –   –   –   (12   )   27   –   –   (13   )   (46   )   37
Credit derivatives   1,370   5   (2   )   –   (29   )   (128   )   –   –   (69   )   (1   )   1,146
Equity derivatives   (970   )   (220   )   (14   )   –   374   (43   )   –   –   (16   )   (7   )   (896   )
Commodity derivatives   (5   )   –   –   –   –   4   –   –   1   –   –
Net derivative financial instruments a   1,375   (157   )   (17   )   –   125   (306   )   –   –   (108   )   (775   )   137
Assets and liabilities held for sale   574   –   (574   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Total   13,567   5,507   (5,782   )   –   (2,634   )   (101   )   211   40   (79   )   (841   )   9,888
Net assets held for sale measured at fair value on non-recurring basis   29
Total   13,567   5,507   (5,782   )   –   (2,634   )   (101   )   211   40   (79   )   (841   )   9,917

Note


a   The derivative financial instruments are represented on a net basis. On a gross basis, derivative financial assets are £5,334m (2016: £8,546m) and derivative financial liabilities are
£5,197m (2016: £7,171m).


222 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Analysis of movements in Level 3 assets and liabilities
As at   Total gains and losses in the period recognised in the income statement   Total gains or losses recog-   Transfers   As at 31
1 January 2016 £m   Purchases £m   Sales £m   Issues £m   Settle- ments £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   nised in OCI £m   In £m   Out £m   December 2016 £m
Government and government sponsored debt   320   –   (317   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   3
Corporate debt   2,843   38   (48   )   –   (5   )   206   –   –   32   (2,097   )   969
Non-asset backed loans   507   173   (498   )   –   (4   )   (38   )   –   –   18   (7   )   151
Asset backed securities   743   129   (295   )   –   (171   )   111   –   –   1   (3   )   515
Equity cash products   121   4   (4   )   –   –   (15   )   –   –   –   (29   )   77
Other   374   55   (89   )   –   (1   )   30   –   –   1   (20   )   350
Trading portfolio assets   4,908   399   (1,251   )   –   (181   )   294   –   –   52   (2,156   )   2,065
Non-asset backed loans   15,963   –   –   –   (8,602   )   1,155   100   –   –   –   8,616
Asset backed loans   256   48   (225   )   –   (20   )   30   –   –   112   –   201
Private equity investments   457   38   (51   )   –   (3   )   16   120   –   6   (21   )   562
Equity cash products   26   –   (26   )   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Other   595   2,658   (2,729   )   –   (33   )   37   85   –   41   (86   )   568
Financial assets designated at fair value   17,297   2,744   (3,031   )   –   (8,658   )   1,238   305   –   159   (107   )   9,947
Equity cash products   24   52   (7   )   –   –   –   3   2   –   (1   )   73
Private equity investments   877   15   (254   )   –   (407   )   –   –   63   –   –   294
Other   20   1   (7   )   –   (16   )   –   1   5   1   –   5
Available for sale investments   921   68   (268   )   –   (423   )   –   4   70   1   (1   )   372
Investment property   82   –   (3   )   –   –   –   2   –   –   –   81
Trading portfolio liabilities   –   –   (9   )   –   –   (1   )   –   –   –   3   (7   )
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   (272   )   –   –   (19   )   48   2   (7   )   –   (301   )   230   (319   )
Issued debt   (538   )   –   –   –   231   –   9   –   –   –   (298   )
Other   (244   )   –   –   –   83   (48   )   (2   )   –   (50   )   38   (223   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   (1,054   )   –   –   (19   )   362   (46   )   –   –   (351   )   268   (840   )
Interest rate derivatives   418   45   3   –   (6   )   228   –   –   294   (83   )   899
Foreign exchange derivatives   (104   )   –   30   2   40   6   –   –   55   52   81
Credit derivatives   1,685   2   (306   )   –   (119   )   111   –   –   3   (6   )   1,370
Equity derivatives   (857   )   196   7   (83   )   (34   )   (98   )   –   –   (15   )   (86   )   (970   )
Commodity derivatives   (506   )   –   –   –   91   (3   )   –   –   –   413   (5   )
Net derivative financial instruments a   636   243   (266   )   (81   )   (28   )   244   –   –   337   290   1,375
Assets and liabilities held for sale   424   126   (166   )   (116   )   85   –   172   –   –   49   574
Total   23,214   3,580   (4,994   )   (216   )   (8,843   )   1,729   483   70   198   (1,654   )   13,567
Net liabilities held for sale measured at fair value on non-recurring basis   (766   )
Total   23,214   3,580   (4,994   )   (216   )   (8,843   )   1,729   483   70   198   (1,654   )   12,801

Note


a   The derivative financial instruments are represented on a net basis. On a gross basis, derivative financial assets are £5,334m (2016: £8,546m) and derivative financial liabilities are
£5,197m (2016: £7,171m).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 223


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Unrealised gains and losses on Level 3 financial assets and liabilities


The following table discloses the unrealised gains and losses recognised in the year arising on Level 3 financial assets and liabilities held
at year end.


Unrealised gains and losses recognised during the period on Level 3 assets
and liabilities held at year end
2017   2016
Income statement   Other   Income statement   Other
As at 31 December   Trading income £m   Other income £m   compre- hensive income £m   Total £m   Trading income £m   Other income £m   compre- hensive income £m   Total £m   a
Trading portfolio assets   (34   )   –   –   (34   )   243   –   –   243
Financial assets designated at fair value   147   200   –   347   227   271   –   498
Available for sale investments   –   (4   )   29   25   –   6   70   76
Investment property   –   (10   )   –   (10   )   –   2   –   2
Trading portfolio liabilities   3   –   –   3   (1   )   –   –   (1   )
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   58   10   –   68   96   (6   )   –   90
Net derivative financial instruments   (301   )   –   –   (301   )   175   –   –   175
Assets and liabilities held for sale   –   –   –   –   –   128   –   128
Total   (127   )   196   29   98   740   401   70   1,211
Note a  The unrealised gain of £1,211m on Level 3 assets in 2016 is largely offset by losses
on related Level 2 and Level 1 portfolio hedges.
Sensitivity analysis of valuations using unobservable inputs
2017   2016
Favourable changes   Unfavourable changes   Favourable changes   Unfavourable changes
Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m   Income statement £m   Equity £m
Interest rate derivatives   114   –   (138   )   –   209   –   (249   )   –
Foreign exchange derivatives   6   –   (6   )   –   15   –   (15   )   –
Credit derivatives   106   –   (79   )   –   127   –   (133   )   –
Equity derivatives   99   –   (99   )   –   163   –   (164   )   –
Commodity derivatives   3   –   (3   )   –   5   –   (5   )   –
Corporate debt   4   –   (3   )   –   7   –   (2   )   –
Certificates of deposit, commercial paper and other money market instruments   –   –   –   –   –   –   (1   )   –
Non asset backed loans   243   –   (468   )   –   462   –   (597   )   –
Asset backed securities   1   –   –   –   1   –   (1   )   –
Issued debt   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –
Equity cash products   12   24   (8   )   (24   )   12   26   (11   )   (26   )
Private equity investments   133   13   (138   )   (13   )   104   18   (104   )   (21   )
Assets and liabilities held for sale   –   –   –   –   3   –   (3   )   –
Other a   5   –   (5   )   –   155   –   (113   )   –
Total   726   37   (947   )   (37   )   1,263   44   (1,398   )   (47   )

Note


a   Other includes commercial real estate loans, funds and fund linked products, asset backed loans, physical commodities and investment property.


The effect of stressing unobservable inputs to a range of reasonably possible alternatives, alongside considering the impact of using alternative
models, would be to increase fair values by up to £763m (2016: £1,307m) or to decrease fair values by up to £984m (2016: £1,445m) with substantially all the potential effect impacting profit and loss rather than reserves.


224 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Significant unobservable inputs

The following table discloses the valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs for assets and liabilities recognised at fair value and classified as Level 3 along with the range of values used for those significant
unobservable inputs:


Valuation technique(s)   Significant unobservable inputs   2017 Range   2016 Range
Min   Max   Min   Max   Units   a
Derivative financial instruments b
Interest rate   Discounted cash flows   Inflation forwards   1   3   (1   )   8   %
derivatives   Credit spread   45   1,320   25   1,669   bps
Comparable pricing   Price   -   100   -   100   points
Option model   Inflation volatility   35   201   35   207   bp vol
IR – IR correlation   (24   )   99   (26   )   98   %
FX – IR correlation   (30   )   24   (15   )   81   %
Interest rate volatility   5   353   9   295   bp vol
Credit derivatives   Discounted cash flows   Credit spread   122   190   133   274   bps
Equity derivatives   Option model   Equity volatility   3   92   1   150   %
Equity – equity correlation   (100   )   100   (90   )   100   %
Equity – FX correlation   (100   )   45   (80   )   25   %
Discounted cash flow   Discounted margin   (105   )   301   (130   )   331   bps
Non-derivative financial instruments
Non-asset backed loans   Discounted cash flows   Loan spread   30   596   30   1,495   bps
Price   –   50   –   99   points
Comparable pricing   Price   –   100   –   100   points
Corporate debt   Comparable pricing   Price   –   100   –   121   points
Discounted cash flows   Credit spread   140   190   145   190   bps
Asset backed securities   Comparable pricing   Price   –   99   –   270   points
Private equity investments   EBITDA multiple   EBITDA multiple   8   13   5   17   multiple

Notes


a   The units used to disclose ranges for significant unobservable inputs are percentages, points and basis points. Points are a percentage of par; for example, 100 points equals 100% of par. A basis
point equals 1/100th of 1%; for example, 150 basis points equals 1.5%.


b   Certain derivative instruments are classified as Level 3 due to a significant unobservable credit spread input into the calculation of the Credit Valuation Adjustment for the instruments. The
range of significant unobservable credit spreads is between 31-596 bps (2016: 65-874bps).


The following section describes the significant unobservable inputs identified in the table above, and the sensitivity of fair value measurement of
the instruments categorised as Level 3 assets or liabilities to increases in significant unobservable inputs. Where sensitivities are described, the inverse relationship will also generally apply.


Where reliable interrelationships can be identified between significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement. A description of those
interrelationships is included below.

Forwards


A price or rate that is applicable to a financial transaction that will take place in the future.


In general, a significant increase in a forward in isolation will result in a fair value increase for the contracted receiver of the underlying
(currency, bond, commodity, etc.), but the sensitivity is dependent on the specific terms of the instrument.

Credit spread


Credit spreads typically represent the difference in yield between an instrument and a benchmark security or reference rate. Credit
spreads reflect the additional yield that a market participant demands for taking on exposure to the credit risk of an instrument and form part of the yield used in a discounted cash flow calculation.


In general, a significant increase in credit spread in isolation will result in a movement in a fair value decrease for a cash asset.


For a derivative instrument, a significant increase in credit spread in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the
specific terms of the instrument.

Volatility


Volatility is a measure of the variability or uncertainty in return for a given derivative underlying. It is an estimate of how much a particular
underlying instrument input or index will change in value over time. In general, volatilities are implied from observed option prices. For unobservable options the implied volatility may reflect additional assumptions about the nature of the
underlying risk, and the strike/maturity profile of a specific contract.

In general a significant increase in volatility in isolation
will result in a fair value increase for the holder of a simple option, but the sensitivity is dependent on the specific terms of the instrument.

There may be interrelationships between unobservable volatilities and other unobservable inputs (e.g. when equity prices fall, implied equity volatilities generally rise) but these are generally specific to individual markets and
may vary over time.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 225


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Correlation

Correlation is a
measure of the relationship between the movements of two variables. Correlation can be a significant input into valuation of derivative contracts with more than one underlying instrument. Credit correlation generally refers to the correlation
between default processes for the separate names that make up the reference pool of a CDO structure.

A significant increase in
correlation in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the specific terms of the instrument.


Comparable price

Comparable
instrument prices are used in valuation by calculating an implied yield (or spread over a liquid benchmark) from the price of a comparable observable instrument, then adjusting that yield (or spread) to account for relevant differences such as
maturity or credit quality. Alternatively, a
price-to-price
 basis can be assumed between the comparable and unobservable instruments in order to establish a value.


In general, a significant increase in comparable price in isolation will result in an increase in the price of the unobservable
instrument. For derivatives, a change in the comparable price in isolation can result in a fair value increase or decrease depending on the specific terms of the instrument.


Loan spread

Loan spreads
typically represent the difference in yield between an instrument and a benchmark security or reference rate. Loan spreads typically reflect credit quality, the level of comparable assets such as gilts and other factors, and form part of the yield
used in a discounted cash flow calculation.

The ESHLA portfolio primarily consists of long dated fixed rate loans extended to
counterparties in the UK Education, Social Housing and Local Authority sectors. The loans are categorised as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to their illiquid nature and the significance of unobservable loan spreads to the valuation.
Valuation uncertainty arises from the long dated nature of the portfolio, the lack of secondary market in the loans and the lack of observable loan spreads. The majority of ESHLA loans are to borrowers in heavily regulated sectors that are
considered extremely low credit risk, and have a history of zero defaults since inception. While the overall loan spread range is from 30bps to 596bps (2016: 30bps to 1,495bps), the vast majority of spreads are concentrated towards the bottom end of
this range, with 99% of the loan notional being valued with spreads less than 200bps consistently for both years.

In general, a
significant increase in loan spreads in isolation will result in a fair value decrease for a loan.

Loss given default (LGD)


Loss given default represents the expected loss upon liquidation of the collateral as a percentage of the balance outstanding.


In general, a significant increase in the LGD in isolation will translate to lower recovery and lower projected cash flows to pay to the
securitisation, resulting in a movement in fair value that is unfavourable for the holder of the securitised product.

EBITDA
Multiple

EBITDA multiple is the ratio of the valuation of the investment to the Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization. In general a significant increase in the multiple will result in a fair value increase for an investment.

Fair value
adjustments

Key balance sheet valuation adjustments are quantified below:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Exit price adjustments derived from market bid-offer spreads   (391   )   (475   )
Uncollateralised derivative funding   (45   )   (82   )
Derivative credit valuation adjustments   (103   )   (237   )
Derivative debit valuation adjustments   131   242

Exit price adjustments derived from market
bid-offer
 spreads


The Group uses
mid-market
 pricing where it is a market maker and has the ability to transact
at, or better than, mid price (which is the case for certain equity, bond and vanilla derivative markets). For other financial assets and liabilities,
bid-offer
 adjustments are recorded to reflect the exit
level for the expected close out strategy. The methodology for determining the
bid-offer
 adjustment for a derivative portfolio involves calculating the net risk exposure by offsetting long and short positions
by strike and term in accordance with the risk management and hedging strategy.

Bid-offer
 levels
are generally derived from market quotes such as broker data. Less liquid instruments may not have a directly observable
bid-offer
 level. In such instances, an exit price adjustment may be derived from an
observable
bid-offer
 level for a comparable liquid instrument, or determined by calibrating to derivative prices, or by scenario or historical analysis.


Exit price adjustments derived from market
bid-offer
 spreads have reduced by £84m to £391m as a
result of risk reduction and spread tightening.

Discounting approaches for derivative instruments


Collateralised

In line with
market practice, the methodology for discounting collateralised derivatives takes into account the nature and currency of the collateral that can be posted within the relevant credit support annex (CSA). The CSA aware discounting approach recognises
the ‘cheapest to deliver’ option that reflects the ability of the party posting collateral to change the currency of the collateral.


226 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Uncollateralised

A fair
value adjustment of £45m is applied to account for the impact of incorporating the cost of funding into the valuation of uncollateralised and partially collateralised derivative portfolios and collateralised derivatives where the terms of the
agreement do not allow the rehypothecation of collateral received. This adjustment is referred to as the ‘Funding Fair Value Adjustment’ (FFVA). FFVA has decreased by £37m to £45m mainly as a result of material trade unwinds.


FFVA is determined by calculating the net expected exposure at a counterparty level and applying a funding rate to the exposure that
reflects the market cost of funding. Barclays’ internal Treasury rates are used as an input to the calculation. The approach takes into account the probability of default of each counterparty, as well as any mandatory break clauses.


FFVA incorporates a scaling factor which is an estimate of the extent to which the cost of funding is incorporated into observed traded levels. On
calibrating the scaling factor, it is with the assumption that Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA) and Debit Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are retained as valuation components incorporated into such levels. The effect of incorporating this scaling
factor at 31 December 2017 was to reduce FFVA by £138m (2016: £246m).

The approach outlined above has been in use since
2012 with no significant changes.

Barclays continues to monitor market practices and activity to ensure the approach to uncollateralised
derivative valuation remains appropriate. The above approach has been in use since 2012 with no significant changes.

Derivative
credit and debit valuation adjustments

CVA and DVA are incorporated into derivative valuations to reflect the impact on fair value
of counterparty credit risk and Barclays’ own credit quality respectively. These adjustments are calculated for uncollateralised and partially collateralised derivatives across all asset classes. CVA and DVA are calculated using estimates of
exposure at default, probability of default and recovery rates, at a counterparty level. Counterparties include (but are not limited to) corporates, sovereigns and sovereign agencies and supranationals.


Exposure at default is generally estimated through the simulation of underlying risk factors through approximating with a more vanilla structure, or
by using current or scenario-based mark to market as an estimate of future exposure.

Probability of default and recovery rate
information is generally sourced from the CDS markets. Where this information is not available, or considered unreliable, alternative approaches are taken based on mapping internal counterparty ratings onto historical or market-based default and
recovery information. In particular, this applies to sovereign related names where the effect of using the recovery assumptions implied in CDS levels would imply a £50m (2016: £95m) increase in CVA.


Correlation between counterparty credit and underlying derivative risk factors, termed

‘wrong-way,’
 or
‘right-way’
 risk, is not systematically incorporated into the CVA calculation but is adjusted where the underlying exposure is
directly related to the counterparty.

CVA decreased by £134m to £103m, primarily due to reductions in the average maturity
of the portfolio driven by trade unwinds. DVA reduced by £111m to £131m, primarily as a result of Barclays’ credit spreads tightening and trade unwinds.


Portfolio exemptions

The
Group uses the portfolio exemption in IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement to measure the fair value of groups of financial assets and liabilities. Instruments are measured using the price that would be received to sell a net long position (i.e. an asset)
for a particular risk exposure or to transfer a net short position (i.e. a liability) for a particular risk exposure in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date under current market conditions. Accordingly, the
Group measures the fair value of the group of financial assets and liabilities consistently with how market participants would price the net risk exposure at the measurement date.


Unrecognised gains as a result of the use of valuation models using unobservable inputs


For instruments where fair value cannot be evidenced by reference to observable market data, initial recognition occurs at the transaction price.
This is achieved by recognising a reserve for the difference between unobservable fair value and transaction price.

For financial
instruments measured at fair value on an ongoing basis the reserve was £109m (2016: £179m). During 2017 there were additions of £34m (2016: £29m) and amortisation and releases of £104m (2016: £37m).


Third party credit enhancements

Structured and brokered certificates of deposit issued by Barclays are insured up to $250,000 per depositor by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in the US. The FDIC is funded by premiums that Barclays and other banks
pay for deposit insurance coverage. The carrying value of these issued certificates of deposit that are designated under the IAS 39 fair value option includes this third party credit enhancement. The

on-balance
 sheet value of these brokered certificates of deposit amounted to £4,070m (2016: £3,905m).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 227


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Comparison of carrying amounts and fair values for assets and liabilities not held at fair value


The following table summarises the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost on the Group’s balance sheet:


2017   2016
Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Level 1 £m   Level 2 £m   Level 3 £m
Financial assets
Held to maturity   5,109   5,285   5,285   –   –   5,176   5,347   5,347   –   –
Loans and advances to banks   35,663   35,660   3,701   31,959   –   43,251   43,228   7,256   34,987   985
Loans and advances to customers:
– Home loans   147,002   145,262   –   –   145,262   144,765   141,155   –   –   141,155
– Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   55,767   55,106   655   –   54,451   57,808   57,699   737   42   56,920
– Finance lease
receivables a   2,854   2,964   –   –   –   1,602   1,598
– Corporate loans   159,929   157,890   –   109,140   48,750   188,609   186,715   126,979   59,736
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   12,546   12,546   –   12,546   –   13,454   13,454   –   13,454   –
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale b   1,164   1,195   –   –   1,195   43,593   44,838   1,070   4,614   39,154
Financial liabilities
Deposits from banks   (37,723   )   (37,729   )   (4,375   )   (33,354   )   –   (48,214   )   (48,212   )   (5,256   )   (42,895   )   (61   )
Customer accounts:
– Current and demand accounts   (145,950   )   (145,927   )   (145,927   )   –   –   (138,204   )   (138,197   )   (127,258   )   (10,921   )   (18   )
– Savings accounts   (134,339   )   (134,369   )   (134,369   )   –   –   (133,344   )   (133,370   )   (120,471   )   (12,891   )   (8   )
– Other time deposits   (148,832   )   (148,897   )   (62,750   )   (80,296   )   (5,851   )   (151,630   )   (151,632   )   (48,853   )   (96,240   )   (6,539   )
Debt securities in issue   (73,314   )   (74,752   )   –   (72,431   )   (2,321   )   (75,932   )   (76,971   )   (196   )   (74,712   )   (2,063   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   (40,338   )   (40,338   )   –   (40,338   )   –   (19,760   )   (19,760   )   –   (19,760   )   –
Subordinated liabilities   (23,826   )   (25,084   )   –   (25,084   )   –   (23,383   )   (24,547   )   –   (24,547   )   –
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale b   –   –   –   –   –   (51,775   )   (51,788   )   (22,264   )   (28,998   )   (526   )

Notes


a   The fair value hierarchy for finance lease receivables is not required as part of the standard.


b   Disposal groups held for sale and measured at fair value less cost to sell are included in the fair value table.


The fair value is an estimate of the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. As a wide range of valuation techniques are available, it may not be appropriate to directly compare this fair value information to independent market sources or other financial institutions. Different
valuation methodologies and assumptions can have a significant impact on fair values which are based on unobservable inputs.


Financial assets

The
carrying value of financial assets held at amortised cost is determined in accordance with the relevant accounting policy in Note 20.


Loans and advances to banks


The fair value of loans and advances, for the purpose of this disclosure, is derived from discounting expected cash flows in a way that reflects the
current market price for lending to issuers of similar credit quality. Where market data or credit information on the underlying borrowers is unavailable, a number of proxy/extrapolation techniques are employed to determine the appropriate discount
rates.

There is minimal difference between the fair value and carrying amount due to the short-term nature of the lending, i.e.
predominantly overnight deposit, and the high credit quality of counterparties.

Loans and advances to customers


The fair value of loans and advances to customers, for the purpose of this disclosure, is derived from discounting expected cash flows in a way that
reflects the current market price for lending to issuers of similar credit quality.

For retail lending, i.e. home loans and credit
cards, tailored discounted cash flow models are predominantly used to estimate the fair value of different product types. For example, for home loans different models are used to estimate fair values of tracker, offset and fixed rate mortgage
products.

Key inputs to these models are the differentials between historic and current product margins and estimated prepayment rates.


The discount of fair value to carrying amount for home loans has reduced to 1.2% (2016: 2.5%) due to changes in product mix across the
loan portfolio and movements in product margins.

The fair value of corporate loans is calculated by the use of discounted cash flow
techniques where the gross loan values are discounted at a rate of difference between contractual margins and hurdle rates or spreads where Barclays charges a margin over LIBOR depending on credit quality and loss given default and years to
maturity. The discount between the carrying and fair value has increased to 1.3% (2016: 1.0%).


228 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


18 Fair value of financial instruments
continued


Reverse repurchase agreements


The fair value of reverse repurchase agreements approximates carrying amount as these balances are generally short dated and fully collateralised.


Financial liabilities

The carrying value of financial liabilities held at amortised cost is determined in accordance with the accounting policy in Note 22.

Deposits from banks and customer accounts

In many cases, the fair value disclosed approximates carrying value
because the instruments are short term in nature or have interest rates that reprice frequently, such as customer accounts and other deposits and short-term debt securities.


The fair value for deposits with longer term maturities mainly time deposits, are estimated using discounted cash flows applying either market rates
or current rates for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Consequently the fair value discount is minimal. There were transfers of £34,163m of deposits from banks and customers from Level 2 to Level 1 to reflect the market
observability of these product types.

Debt securities in issue


Fair values of other debt securities in issue are based on quoted prices where available, or where the instruments are short dated, carrying amount
approximates fair value. The fair value difference has increased to 2.0% (2016: 1.4%).

Repurchase agreements


The fair value of repurchase agreements approximates carrying amounts as these balances are generally short dated.


Subordinated liabilities


Fair values for dated and undated convertible and
non-convertible
 loan capital are based on quoted market
rates for the issuer concerned or issuers with similar terms and conditions.

19 Offsetting financial assets and financial
liabilities

In accordance with IAS 32
Financial Instruments: Presentation
, the Group reports financial assets and financial
liabilities on a net basis on the balance sheet only if there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
following table shows the impact of netting arrangements on:


◾   all financial assets and liabilities that are reported net on the balance sheet


◾   all derivative financial instruments and reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending and borrowing agreements that are subject to enforceable master netting
arrangements or similar agreements, but do not qualify for balance sheet netting.

The table identifies the amounts that
have been offset in the balance sheet and also those amounts that are covered by enforceable netting arrangements (offsetting arrangements and financial collateral) but do not qualify for netting under the requirements of IAS 32 described above.


The ‘Net amounts’ presented on the next page are not intended to represent the Group’s actual exposure to credit risk, as
a variety of credit mitigation strategies are employed in addition to netting and collateral arrangements.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 229


Notes to the financial statements


Assets and liabilities held at fair value


19 Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
continued


Amounts subject to enforceable netting arrangements
Effects of offsetting on-balance
sheet   Related amounts not offset a
As at 31 December 2017   Gross amounts £m   Amounts offset £m   b   Net amounts reported on the balance sheet £m   Financial instruments £m   Financial collateral £m   Net amount £m   Amounts not subject to enforceable netting arrange- ments £m   c   Balance sheet total £m   d
Derivative financial assets   256,881   (21,638   )   235,243   (184,265   )   (39,262   )   11,716   2,426   237,669
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending e   326,340   (223,495   )   102,845   –   (102,380   )   465   9,741   112,586
Total assets   583,221   (245,133   )   338,088   (184,265   )   (141,642   )   12,181   12,167   350,255
Derivative financial liabilities   (253,030   )   21,065   (231,965   )   184,265   36,444   (11,256   )   (6,380   )   (238,345   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing e   (374,616   )   223,495   (151,121   )   –   151,073   (48   )   (15,908   )   (167,029   )
Total liabilities   (627,646   )   244,560   (383,086   )   184,265   187,517   (11,304   )   (22,288   )   (405,374   )
As at 31 December 2016
Derivative financial assets   353,078   (11,934   )   341,144   (273,602   )   (49,923   )   17,619   5,482   346,626
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   257,430   (187,262   )   70,168   –   (69,932   )   236   6,448   76,616
Total assets   610,508   (199,196   )   411,312   (273,602   )   (119,855   )   17,855   11,930   423,242
Derivative financial liabilities   (345,752   )   10,962   (334,790   )   273,602   47,383   (13,805   )   (5,697   )   (340,487   )
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing e   (257,854   )   187,262   (70,592   )   –   68,897   (1,695   )   (4,878   )   (75,470   )
Total liabilities   (603,606   )   198,224   (405,382   )   273,602   116,280   (15,500   )   (10,575   )   (415,957   )

Notes


a   Financial collateral of £39,262m (2016: £49,923m) was received in respect of derivative assets, including £33,092m (2016: £41,641m) of cash collateral and £6,170m
(2016: £8,282m) of non-cash collateral. Financial collateral of £36,444m (2016: £47,383m) was placed in respect of derivative liabilities, including £32,575m (2016: £43,763m) of
cash collateral and £3,869m (2016: £3,620m) of non-cash collateral. The collateral amounts are limited to net balance sheet exposure so as to not include over-collateralisation. Of the
£33,092m (2016: £41,641m) cash collateral held, £19,351m (2016: £26,834m) was included in deposits from banks and £13,741m (2016: £14,807m), was included in customer accounts. Of the £32,575m (2016:
£43,763m) cash collateral placed, £14,493m (2016: £17,587m) was included in loans and advances to banks and £18,082m (2016: £26,176m) was included in loans and advances to customers.


b   Amounts offset for Derivative financial assets include cash collateral netted of £2,393m (2016: £972m). Amounts offset for Derivative financial liabilities include cash collateral
netted of £1,820m (2016: £nil). Settlements assets and liabilities have been offset amounting to £13,241m (2016: £10,486m). No other significant recognised financial assets and liabilities were offset in the balance sheet.
Therefore, the only balance sheet categories necessary for inclusion in the table are those shown above.


c   This column includes contractual rights of set-off that are subject to uncertainty under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.


d   The balance sheet total is the sum of ‘Net amounts reported on the balance sheet’ that are subject to enforceable netting arrangements and ‘Amounts not subject to enforceable netting
arrangements’.


e   Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase agreements include instruments at amortised cost and instruments designated at fair value through profit and loss. Reverse Repurchase agreements and other similar
secured lending of £112,586m (2016: £76,616m) is split by fair value £100,040m (2016: £63,162m) and amortised cost £12,546m (2016: £13,454m). Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing of
£167,029m (2016: £75,470m) is split by fair value £126,691m (2016: £55,710m) and amortised cost £40,338m (2016: £19,760m).


Derivative assets and liabilities

The ‘Financial instruments’ column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to
set-off
 under netting agreements, such as the ISDA Master Agreement or derivative
exchange or clearing counterparty agreements, whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and
close-out
 netting applied across all outstanding transactions covered by the
agreements if an event of default or other predetermined events occur.

Financial collateral refers to cash and
non-cash
 collateral obtained, typically daily or weekly, to cover the net exposure between counterparties by enabling the collateral to be realised in an event of default or if other predetermined events occur.


Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending and borrowing


The ‘Amounts offset’ column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to set off under netting agreements, such as
Global Master Repurchase Agreements and Global Master Securities Lending Agreements, whereby all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and
close-out
 netting applied across all
outstanding transactions covered by the agreements if an event of default or other predetermined events occur.

Financial collateral
typically comprises highly liquid securities which are legally transferred and can be liquidated in the event of counterparty default.


These offsetting and collateral arrangements and other credit risk mitigation strategies used by the Group are further explained in the Credit risk
mitigation section on page 86.


230 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Financial instruments held at amortised cost


The notes included in this section focus on assets that are held at amortised cost arising from the Group’s
retail and wholesale lending including loans and advances, finance leases, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and similar secured lending. Detail regarding the Group’s liquidity and capital position can be found on pages 124 to 145.


20 Loans and advances to banks and customers


Accounting for financial
instruments held at amortised cost

Loans and advances to customers and banks, customer accounts,
debt securities and most financial liabilities, are held at amortised cost. That is, the initial fair value (which is normally the amount advanced or borrowed) is adjusted for repayments and the amortisation of coupon, fees and expenses to represent
the effective interest rate of the asset or liability. Balances deferred on balance sheet as EIR adjustments are amortised to interest income over the life of the financial instrument to which they relate.


In accordance with IAS 39, where the Group no longer intends to trade in financial assets it
may transfer them out of the held for trading classification and measure them at amortised cost if they meet the definition of a loan. The initial value used for the purposes of establishing amortised cost is fair value on the date of the transfer.


As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Gross loans and advances to banks   35,663   43,251
Less: allowance for impairment   –   –
Loans and advances to banks   35,663   43,251
Gross loans and advances to customers   370,204   397,404
Less: allowance for impairment   (4,652   )   (4,620   )
Loans and advances to customers   365,552   392,784

21 Finance leases


Accounting for finance
leases

The Group applies IAS 17
Leases
 in accounting for finance leases, both where it is
the lessor or the lessee. A finance lease is a lease which confers substantially all the risks and rewards of the leased assets on the lessee. Where the Group is the lessor, the leased asset is not held on the balance sheet; instead a finance lease
receivable is recognised representing the minimum lease payments receivable under the terms of the lease, discounted at the rate of interest implicit in the lease. Where the Group is the lessee, the leased asset is recognised in property, plant and
equipment and a finance lease liability is recognised, representing the minimum lease payments payable under the lease, discounted at the rate of interest implicit in the lease.


Interest income or expense is recognised in interest receivable or payable, allocated to
accounting periods to reflect a constant periodic rate of return.

Finance lease receivables


Finance lease receivables are included within loans and advances to customers. The Group specialises in the provision of leasing and other asset
finance facilities across a broad range of asset types to business customers.


2017   2016
Gross investment in finance lease receivables £m   Future finance income £m   Present value of minimum lease payments receivable £m   Un- guaranteed residual values £m   Gross investment in finance lease receivables £m   Future finance income £m   Present value of minimum lease payments receivable £m   Un- guaranteed residual values £m
Not more than one year   1,130   (91   )   1,039   69   646   (37   )   609   60
Over one year but not more than five years   1,750   (135   )   1,615   156   986   (57   )   929   132
Over five years   284   (32   )   252   21   73   (4   )   69   19
Total   3,164   (258   )   2,906   246   1,705   (98   )   1,607   211

Following a review in 2017, a portfolio of assets within loans and advances to customers has been identified as
finance leases. This has resulted in an increase in the finance lease receivables balance of £1,537m in 2017 as reflected in the table above.

The impairment allowance for uncollectable finance lease receivables amounted to £57m (2016: £6m).


Finance lease liabilities


The Group leases items of property, plant and equipment on terms that meet the definition of finance leases. Finance lease liabilities are included
within Note 26.

As at 31 December 2017, the total future minimum payments under finance leases were £20m (2016: £15m).
The carrying amount of assets held under finance leases was £9m (2016: £15m).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 231


Notes to the financial statements


Financial instruments held at amortised cost


22 Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements including other similar
lending and borrowing

Reverse repurchase agreements (and stock borrowing or similar transaction) are a form of secured lending
whereby the Group provides a loan or cash collateral in exchange for the transfer of collateral, generally in the form of marketable securities subject to an agreement to transfer the securities back at a fixed price in the future. Repurchase
agreements are where the Group obtains such loans or cash collateral, in exchange for the transfer of collateral.


Accounting for reverse
repurchase and repurchase agreements including other similar lending and borrowing

The Group
purchases (a reverse repurchase agreement) or borrows securities subject to a commitment to resell or return them. The securities are not included in the balance sheet as the Group does not acquire the risks and rewards of ownership. Consideration
paid (or cash collateral provided) is accounted for as a loan asset at amortised cost, unless it is designated at fair value through profit and loss.


The Group may also sell (a repurchase agreement) or lend securities subject to a commitment to
repurchase or redeem them. The securities are retained on the balance sheet as the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Consideration received (or cash collateral provided) is accounted for as a financial liability at
amortised cost, unless it is designated at fair value through profit and loss.


As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Assets
Banks   7,374   2,769
Customers   5,172   10,685
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending at amortised cost   12,546   13,454
Liabilities
Banks   30,105   12,820
Customers   10,233   6,940
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing at amortised cost   40,338   19,760


232 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


The notes included in this section focus on
the Group’s
non-current
 tangible and intangible

assets
and property, plant and equipment, which provide long-term future economic benefits.


23 Property, plant and equipment


Accounting for property, plant and equipment


The Group applies IAS 16
Property Plant and Equipment
 and IAS 40
Investment Properties.


Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, which includes direct and incremental acquisition costs less accumulated
depreciation and provisions for impairment, if required. Subsequent costs are capitalised if these result in the enhancement to the asset.

Depreciation is provided on the depreciable amount of items of property, plant and equipment on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful economic lives. Depreciation rates, methods and the residual values underlying the
calculation of depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment are kept under review to take account of any change in circumstances. The Group uses the following annual rates in calculating depreciation:


Annual rates in calculating depreciation   Depreciation rate
Freehold land   Not depreciated
Freehold buildings and long-leasehold property (more than 50 years to run)   2-3.3%
Leasehold property over the remaining life of the lease (less than 50 years to run)   Over the remaining life of the lease
Costs of adaptation of freehold and leasehold property   6-10%
Equipment installed in freehold and leasehold property   6-10%
Computers and similar equipment   17-33%
Fixtures and fittings and other equipment   9-20%

Where leasehold property has a remaining useful life of less than 17 years, costs of adaptation and
installed equipment are depreciated over the remaining life of the lease.

Investment property


The Group initially recognises investment property at cost, and subsequently at fair value at each balance sheet
date, reflecting market conditions at the reporting date. Gains and losses on remeasurement are included in the income statement.


Investment property £m   Property £m   Equipment £m   Leased assets £m   Total £m
Cost
As at 1 January 2017   81   3,429   3,840   10   7,360
Additions   114   220   299   –   633
Disposals   (69   )   (18   )   (1.082   )   (1   )   (1,170   )
Change in fair value of investment properties   (5   )   –   –   –   (5   )
Exchange and other movements   (5   )   (138   )   (309   )   –   (452   )
As at 31 December 2017   116   3,493   2,748   9   6,366
Accumulated depreciation and impairment   –
As at 1 January 2017   –   (1,483   )   (3,043   )   (9   )   (4,535   )
Depreciation charge   –   (171   )   (275   )   –   (446   )
Impairment   (28   )   –   –   (28   )
Disposals   –   –   972   –   972
Exchange and other movements   –   14   229   –   243
As at 31 December 2017   –   (1,668   )   (2,117   )   (9   )   (3,794   )
Net book value   116   1,825   631   –   2,572
Cost
As at 1 January 2016   140   3,919   4,259   62   8,380
Additions   –   167   370   –   537
Disposals   (6   )   (761   )   (631   )   –   (1,398   )
Change in fair value of investment properties   –   –   –   –   –
Exchange and other movements a   (53   )   104   (158   )   (52   )   (159   )
As at 31 December 2016   81   3,429   3,840   10   7,360
Accumulated depreciation and impairment   –
As at 1 January 2016   –   (1,697   )   (3,177   )   (38   )   (4,912   )
Depreciation charge   –   (186   )   (327   )   –   (513   )
Disposals   –   635   405   –   1,040
Exchange and other movements a   –   (235   )   56   29   (150   )
As at 31 December 2016   –   (1,483   )   (3,043   )   (9   )   (4,535   )
Net book value   81   1,946   797   1   2,825

Notes


a   Includes property, plant and equipment relating to BAGL of £627m (cost of £1,066m less accumulated depreciation of £439m) which was reclassified to held for sale.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 233


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


23 Property, plant and equipment

continued


Property rentals of £2m (2016: £7m) and £8m (2016: £6m) have been included in net investment income and other income
respectively.

The fair value of investment property is determined by reference to current market prices for similar properties, adjusted
as necessary for condition and location, or by reference to recent transactions updated to reflect current economic conditions. Discounted cash flow techniques may be employed to calculate fair value where there have been no recent transactions,
using current external market inputs such as market rents and interest rates. Valuations are carried out by management with the support of appropriately qualified independent valuers. Refer to Note 18 for further details.


24 Goodwill and intangible assets


Accounting for goodwill and intangible assets


Goodwill

The carrying value of goodwill is determined in accordance with IFRS 3 Business Combinations and IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


Goodwill arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the
fair value of the

Group’s share of the assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed on
the date of the acquisition.

Goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently when there are indications
that impairment may have occurred. The test involves comparing the carrying value of goodwill with the present value of the pre tax cash flows, discounted at a rate of interest that reflects the inherent risks, of the cash generating unit (CGU) to
which the goodwill relates, or the CGU’s fair value if this is higher.

Intangible assets


Intangible assets other than goodwill are accounted for in accordance with IAS 38 Intangible Assets.


Intangible assets are initially recognised when they are separable or arise from contractual or other legal rights, the cost can be
measured reliably and, in the case of intangible assets not acquired in a business combination, where it is probable that future economic benefits attributable to the assets will flow from their use.


Intangible assets are stated at cost (which is, in the case of assets acquired in a business combination, the acquisition date fair
value) less accumulated amortisation and provisions for impairment, if any, and are amortised over their useful lives in a manner that reflects the pattern to which they contribute to future cash flows, generally using the amortisation periods set
out below:


Annual rates in calculating amortisation   Amortisation period
Goodwill   Not amortised
Internally generated software a   12 months to 6 years
Other software   12 months to 6 years
Customer lists   12 months to 25 years
Licences and other   12 months to 25 years

Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when there are indications that impairment may have
occurred.

Note


a   Exceptions to the above rate relate to useful lives of certain core banking platforms that are assessed individually and, if appropriate, amortised over longer periods ranging from 10 to 15 years.


234 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


24 Goodwill and intangible assets
continued


Goodwill £m   Internally generated software £m   Other software £m   Customer lists £m   Licences and other £m   Total £m
2017
Cost
As at 1 January 2017   4,847   4,927   204   1,708   551   12,237
Additions and disposals   –   662   16   (15   )   13   676
Exchange and other movements   (88   )   (88   )   207   (146   )   (45   )   (160   )
As at 31 December 2017   4,759   5,501   427   1,547   519   12,753
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
As at 1 January 2017   (930   )   (1,864   )   (143   )   (1,231   )   (343   )   (4,511   )
Disposals   –   207   10   15   24   256
Amortisation charge   –   (546   )   (32   )   (101   )   (36   )   (715   )
Impairment charge   –   (52   )   –   –   –   (52   )
Exchange and other movements   70   60   (148   )   108   28   118
As at 31 December 2017   (860   )   (2,195   )   (313   )   (1,209   )   (327   )   (4,904   )
Net book value   3,899   3,306   114   338   192   7,849
2016
Cost
As at 1 January 2016   5,603   4,112   542   1,665   703   12,625
Additions and disposals   (77   )   955   2   59   78   1,017
Exchange and other movements   (679   )   (140   )   (340   )   (16   )   (230   )   (1,405   )
As at 31 December 2016   4,847   4,927   204   1,708   551   12,237
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
As at 1 January 2016   (998   )   (1,634   )   (212   )   (1,081   )   (478   )   (4,403   )
Disposals   77   46   1   14   12   150
Amortisation charge   –   (476   )   (36   )   (129   )   (29   )   (670   )
Impairment charge   –   (72   )   (1   )   –   (1   )   (74   )
Exchange and other movements   (9   )   272   105   (35   )   153   486
As at 31 December 2016   (930   )   (1,864   )   (143   )   (1,231   )   (343   )   (4,511   )
Net book value   3,917   3,063   61   477   208   7,726

Goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to business operations according to business segments as follows:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Barclays UK   3,574   3,556
Barclays International   325   361
Total net book value of goodwill   3,899   3,917

Goodwill

Testing goodwill for impairment involves a significant amount of judgement. This includes the identification of independent CGUs and the allocation of goodwill to these units based on which units are expected to benefit from the
acquisition. The allocation is reviewed following business reorganisations. Cash flow projections necessarily take into account changes in the market in which a business operates including the level of growth, competitive activity, and the impacts
of regulatory change. Determining both the expected
pre-tax
 cash flows and the risk adjusted interest rate appropriate to the operating unit requires the exercise of judgement. The estimation of
pre-tax
 cash flows is sensitive to the periods for which detailed forecasts are available and to assumptions regarding long-term sustainable cash flows.


Other intangible assets


Determining the estimated useful lives of intangible assets (such as those arising from contractual relationships) requires an analysis of
circumstances. The assessment of whether an asset is exhibiting indicators of impairment as well as the calculation of impairment, which requires the estimate of future cash flows and fair values less costs to sell, also requires the preparation of
cash flow forecasts and fair values for assets that may not be regularly bought and sold.

Impairment testing of goodwill


During 2017, the Group recognised an impairment charge of £nil (2016: £nil).


Key assumptions

The key
assumptions used for impairment testing are set out below for each significant goodwill balance. Other goodwill of £769m (2016: £787m) was allocated to multiple CGUs which are not considered individually significant.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 235


Notes to the financial statements


Non-current
 assets and other investments


24 Goodwill and intangible assets
continued


Barclays UK

Goodwill
relating to Woolwich in Personal Banking and Business Banking was £3,130m (2016: £3,130m) of the total Barclays UK balance. The carrying value of the CGU has been determined by using net asset value. The recoverable amount of the CGU,
calculated as value in use, has been determined using cash flow predictions based on financial budgets approved by management and covering a five-year period, with a terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2016: 2.0%) applied thereafter. The forecast cash
flows have been discounted at a
pre-tax
 rate of 13.9% (2016: 14.6%). Based on these assumptions, the recoverable amount exceeded the carrying amount including goodwill by £5,262m (2016: £4,130m). A
one percentage point change in the discount rate or terminal growth rate would increase or decrease the recoverable amount by £1,128m (2016: £988m) and £734m (2016: £615m) respectively. A reduction in the forecast cash flows
of 10% per annum would reduce the recoverable amount by £1,409m (2016: £1,293m).

The increase in headroom in 2017 reflects
changes in discount rate and future cash flow projections.

25 Operating leases


Accounting for operating leases


The Group applies IAS 17
Leases,
 for operating leases. An operating lease is a lease where substantially all
of the risks and rewards of the leased assets remain with the lessor. Where the Group is the lessor, lease income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease unless another systematic basis is more appropriate. The Group
holds the leased assets on balance sheet within property, plant and equipment.

Where the Group is
the lessee, rentals payable are recognised as an expense in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless another systematic basis is more appropriate.


Operating lease receivables


The Group acts as lessor, whereby items of plant and equipment are purchased and then leased to third parties under arrangements qualifying as
operating leases. The future minimum lease payments expected to be received under
non-cancellable
 operating leases was £nil (2016: £nil).


Operating lease commitments


The Group leases various offices, branches and other premises under
non-cancellable
 operating lease
arrangements. With such operating lease arrangements, the asset is kept on the lessor’s balance sheet and the Group reports the future minimum lease payments as an expense over the lease term. The leases have various terms, escalation and
renewal rights. There are no contingent rents payable.

Operating lease rentals of £342m (2016: £560m) have been included in
administration and general expenses.

The future minimum lease payments by the Group under

non-cancellable
 operating leases are as follows:


2017   2016
Property £m   Equipment £m   Property £m   Equipment £m
Not more than one year   332   2   364   –
Over one year but not more than five years   844   21   974   23
Over five years   1,337   –   1,520   –
Total   2,513   23   2,858   23

Total future minimum sublease payments to be received under
non-cancellable

subleases was £53m (2016: £2m).


236 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


The notes included in this section focus on
the Group’s accruals, provisions and contingent liabilities. Provisions are recognised for present obligations arising as consequences of past events where it is probable that a transfer of economic benefit will be necessary to settle the
obligation, and it can be reliably estimated. Contingent liabilities reflect potential liabilities that are not recognised on the balance sheet.

26 Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities


2017 £m   2016 £m
Accruals and deferred income   3,951   4,422
Other creditors   4,563   4,382
Obligations under finance leases (refer to Note 21)   20   15
Insurance contract liabilities, including unit-linked liabilities   31   52
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   8,565   8,871

27 Provisions


Accounting for provisions


The Group applies IAS 37
Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
 in accounting for
non-financial
 liabilities.

Provisions are recognised for present obligations arising
as consequences of past events where it is more likely than not that a transfer of economic benefit will be necessary to settle the obligation, which can be reliably estimated. Provision is made for the anticipated cost of restructuring, including
redundancy costs when an obligation exists; for example, when the Group has a detailed formal plan for restructuring a business and has raised valid expectations in those affected by the restructuring by announcing its main features or starting to
implement the plan. Provision is made for undrawn loan commitments if it is probable that the facility will be drawn and result in the recognition of an asset at an amount less than the amount advanced.


Critical accounting estimates and judgements


The financial reporting of provisions involves a significant degree of judgement and is complex. Identifying whether a present
obligation exists and estimating the probability, timing, nature and quantum of the outflows that may arise from past events requires judgements to be made based on the specific facts and circumstances relating to individual events and often
requires specialist professional advice. When matters are at an early stage, accounting judgements and estimates can be difficult because of the high degree of uncertainty involved. Management continues to monitor matters as they develop to
re-evaluate
 on an ongoing basis whether provisions should be recognised, however there can remain a wide range of possible outcomes and uncertainties, particularly in relation to legal, competition and regulatory
matters, and as a result it is often not practicable to make meaningful estimates even when matters are at a more advanced stage.


The complexity of such matters often requires the input of specialist professional advice in making assessments
to produce estimates. Customer redress and legal, competition and regulatory matters are areas where a higher degree of professional judgement is required. The amount that is recognised as a provision can also be very sensitive to the assumptions
made in calculating it. This gives rise to a large range of potential outcomes which require judgement in determining an appropriate provision level. See below for information on payment protection redress and Note 29 for more detail of legal,
competition and regulatory matters.


Onerous contracts £m   Redundancy and restructuring £m   Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees £m   Customer redress   Legal, competition and regulatory matters £m   Sundry provisions £m   Total £m
Payment Protection Insurance £m   Other customer redress £m
As at 1 January 2017   385   206   67   1,979   712   455   330   4,134
Additions   81   163   73   709   369   398   182   1,975
Amounts utilised   (210   )   (124   )   (1   )   (1,094   )   (345   )   (341   )   (99   )   (2,214   )
Unused amounts reversed   (33   )   (85   )   (60   )   –   (83   )   (55   )   (30   )   (346   )
Exchange and other movements   2   (1   )   –   12   (14   )   (22   )   17   (6   )
As at 31 December 2017   225   159   79   1,606   639   435   400   3,543

Provisions expected to be recovered or settled within no more than 12 months after 31 December 2017 were
£2,394m (2016: £2,045m).

Onerous contracts


Onerous contract provisions comprise an estimate of the costs involved with fulfilling the terms and conditions of contracts net of any expected
benefits to be received.

Redundancy and restructuring


These provisions comprise the estimated cost of restructuring, including redundancy costs where an obligation exists. Additions made during the year
relate to formal restructuring plans and have either been utilised, or reversed, where total costs are now expected to be lower than the original provision amount.


Undrawn contractually committed facilities and guarantees


Provisions are made if it is probable that a facility will be drawn and the resulting asset is expected to have a realisable value that is less than
the amount advanced.

Customer redress


Customer redress provisions comprise the estimated cost of making redress payments to customers, clients and counterparties for losses or damages
associated with inappropriate judgement in the execution of Barclays’ business activities. Provisions for other customer redress include £211m (2016: £264m) in respect of historic pricing practices associated with Foreign Exchange
transactions for certain customers between 2005 and 2012 and smaller provisions across the retail and corporate businesses which are likely to be utilised in the next 12 months. Included within provisions for UK customer redress on the face of the
consolidated income statement is PPI and material additions in respect of historic pricing practices associated with Foreign Exchange transactions for certain customers between 2005 and 2012 and Packaged Bank Accounts.


Legal, competition and regulatory matters

The Group is engaged in various legal proceedings, both in the UK and a number of other overseas jurisdictions, including the US. For further information in relation to legal proceedings and discussion of the associated
uncertainties, please see Note 29.

Sundry provisions


This category includes provisions that do not fit into any of the other categories, such as fraud losses and dilapidation provisions.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 237


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


27 Provisions
continued


Payment Protection Insurance Redress

As at 31 December 2017, Barclays had recognised cumulative provisions
totalling £9.2bn (2016: £8.4bn) against the cost of Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) redress and associated processing costs with utilisation of £7.6bn (2016: £6.4bn), leaving a residual provision of £1.6bn (2016:
£2.0bn).

Through to 31 December 2017, 2.1m (2016: 1.8m) customer initiated claimsa had been received and processed. The
volume of claims received during 2017 increased 16% from 2016. This increase may have been impacted by a FCA advertising campaign launched in H2 2017.

The current provision reflects the estimated costs of PPI redress primarily relating to customer initiated complaints and ongoing remediation programmes, based on information at year end. This also includes liabilities managed by
third parties arising from portfolios previously sold where Barclays remains liable, based on information at year end.

As at
31 December 2017, the provision of £1.6bn represents Barclays’ best estimate of expected PPI redress reflecting the complaints deadline implemented by the FCA of 29 August 2019. However, it is possible the eventual outcome may
differ from the current estimate. We will continue to review the adequacy of provision level in respect of the future impacts.

The PPI
provision is calculated using a number of key assumptions which continue to involve significant modelling and management judgement:


◾   Customer initiated claim volumes – claims received but not yet processed plus an estimate of future claims initiated by customers, where the volume is anticipated to cease after the PPI
deadline.


◾   Average claim redress – the expected average payment to customers for upheld claims based on the type and age of the policy/policies.


◾   Processing cost per claim – the cost to Barclays of assessing and processing each valid claim.


These assumptions remain subjective, mainly due to the uncertainty associated with future claims levels, which include complaints driven by CMC
activity and the FCA advertising campaign.

The following table details actual data through to 31 December 2017, key forecast
assumptions used in the provision calculation and a sensitivity analysis illustrating the impact on the provision if the future expected assumptions prove too high or too low.


Assumption   Cumulative actual to 31.12.17   Future expected   Sensitivity analysis increase/ decrease
in provision
Customer initiated claims received and processed (thousands) a   2,130   570   50k=£104m
Average uphold rate per claim (%) b   87   87   1%=£11m
Average redress per valid claim (£) c   2,036   1,989   £100=£50m

Notes


a   Total claims received directly by Barclays to date, including those received via claims management companies but excluding those for which no PPI policy exists and excluding responses to proactive
mailing. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated to show the impact a 50,000 increase or decrease in the number of customer initiated claims would have on the provision level.


b   Average uphold rate per customer initiated claims received directly by Barclays and proactive mailings, excluding those for which no PPI policy exists. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated
to show the impact in a 1% change in the average uphold rate per claim would have on the provision level.


c   Average redress stated on a per policy basis for future customer initiated complaints received directly by Barclays. The sensitivity analysis has been calculated to show the impact a £100
increase or decrease in the average redress per claim would have on the provision level.


238 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


28 Contingent liabilities and commitments


Accounting for contingent liabilities


Contingent liabilities are possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by uncertain future
events, and present obligations where the transfer of economic resources is uncertain or cannot be reliably measured. Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the balance sheet but are disclosed unless the outflow of economic resources is
remote.

The following table summarises the nominal principal amount of contingent liabilities and commitments which are not
recorded on balance sheet:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   14,275   15,303
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,737   4,636
Total contingent liabilities   19,012   19,939
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   812   1,005
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   314,761   302,681
Total commitments   315,573   303,686

The Financial Services Compensation Scheme


The Financial Services Compensation Scheme (the FSCS) is the UK’s government-backed compensation scheme for customers of authorised
institutions that are unable to pay claims. The compensation paid out to customers is funded through loan facilities provided by HM Treasury to the FSCS which at 31 December 2017 stood at approximately £4.7bn (2016: £15.7bn). During
2017, the HM Treasury loan facility has reduced by the Bradford and Bingley repayment of £10.9bn, following the sale from UK Asset Resolution.

Barclays’ liability is restricted to the proportionate outstanding amount that the FSCS is unable to repay to Treasury. The FSCS levy on UK licensed deposit taking institutions has been recognised in 2017. Barclays has included
an accrual of £2.7m in other liabilities as at 31 December 2017 (2016: £55m) in respect of the Barclays portion of the Interest Levy.

Further details on contingent liabilities relating to legal and competition and regulatory matters can be found in Note 29.

29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters

Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and the Group face legal,
competition and regulatory challenges, many of which are beyond our control. The extent of the impact on Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and the Group of these matters cannot always be predicted but may materially impact our operations, financial
results, condition and prospects. Matters arising from a set of similar circumstances can give rise to either a contingent liability or a provision, or both, depending on the relevant facts and circumstances. The recognition of provisions in
relation to such matters involves critical accounting estimates and judgments in accordance with the relevant accounting policies as described in Note 27. The Group has not disclosed an estimate of the potential financial effect on the Group of
contingent liabilities where it is not currently practicable to do so.

Investigations into certain advisory services agreements and
other matters and civil action

The UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO), the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), the US Department of
Justice (DOJ) and the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have been conducting investigations into certain advisory services agreements entered into by Barclays Bank PLC.


Background Information


Barclays Bank PLC entered into two advisory services agreements with Qatar Holding LLC (Qatar Holding) in June and October 2008 (the Agreements).
The FCA commenced an investigation into whether the Agreements may have related to Barclays PLC’s capital raisings in June and November 2008 (the Capital Raisings). The existence of the June 2008 advisory services agreement was disclosed, but
the entry into the advisory services agreement in October 2008 and the fees payable under the Agreements, which amounted to a total of £322m payable over a period of five years, were not disclosed in the announcements or public documents
relating to the Capital Raisings. The SFO also commenced an investigation into the Agreements and into a $3bn loan (the Loan) provided by Barclays Bank PLC in November 2008 to the State of Qatar.


SFO Proceedings

In June
2017, the SFO charged Barclays PLC with two offences of conspiring with certain former senior officers and employees of Barclays to commit fraud by false representations relating to the Agreements and one offence of unlawful financial assistance
contrary to section 151 of the Companies Act 1985 in relation to the Loan. In February 2018, the SFO also charged Barclays Bank PLC with the same offence in respect of the Loan. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC intend to defend the respective
charges brought against them (the Charges). The trial of the Charges has been scheduled to begin in January 2019.

FCA Proceedings
and other investigations

In September 2013, the FCA issued warning notices (the Notices) finding that, while Barclays PLC and
Barclays Bank PLC believed at the time of the execution of the Agreements that there should be at least some unspecified and undetermined value to be derived from them, the primary purpose of the Agreements was not to obtain advisory services but to
make additional payments, which would not be disclosed, for the Qatari participation in the Capital Raisings. The Notices concluded that Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC were in breach of certain disclosure-related listing rules and Barclays PLC
was also in breach of Listing Principle 3 (the requirement to act with integrity towards holders and potential holders of the Company’s shares). In this regard, the FCA considers that Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC acted recklessly. The
financial penalty provided in the Notices against the Group is £50m. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC continue to contest the findings. The FCA action has been stayed due to the SFO proceedings.


In addition, the DOJ and the SEC have been conducting investigations relating to the Agreements.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 239


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Civil Action

In January
2016, PCP Capital Partners LLP and PCP International Finance Limited (PCP) served a claim on Barclays Bank PLC seeking damages of £721.4m plus interest and costs for fraudulent misrepresentation and deceit, arising from alleged statements made
by Barclays Bank PLC to PCP in relation to the terms on which securities were to be issued to potential investors, allegedly including PCP, in the November 2008 capital raising. Following amendment of their claim in November 2017, PCP now seeks
damages of up to £1,477m (plus interest from November 2017) and costs. Barclays Bank PLC is defending the claim and trial is scheduled to commence in October 2019.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period. PCP has made a claim against Barclays Bank PLC for damages of up to £1,477m plus interest and costs. This amount does not necessarily reflect Barclays Bank PLC’s potential financial exposure if a ruling were to be
made against it in that matter.

Investigations into certain business relationships


In 2012, the DOJ and SEC commenced investigations in relation to whether certain relationships with third parties who assist Barclays PLC to win or
retain business are compliant with the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Various regulators in other jurisdictions are also being briefed on the investigations. Separately, the Group is cooperating with the DOJ and SEC in relation to an
investigation into certain of its hiring practices in Asia and elsewhere and is keeping certain regulators in other jurisdictions informed.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact
of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Investigations relating to whistleblowing systems and controls


The FCA and Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) are conducting investigations in relation to the Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Barclays
Bank PLC in connection with certain whistleblowing issues.

Background Information


In April 2017, the FCA and PRA commenced investigations into the CEO as to his individual conduct and senior manager responsibilities relating to
Barclays’ whistleblowing programme and to his attempt in 2016 to identify the author of a letter that was treated by Barclays Bank PLC as a whistleblow; and Barclays Bank PLC, as to its responsibilities relating to the attempt by the CEO to
identify the author of the letter, as well as Barclays’ systems and controls and culture relating to whistleblowing.

The attempt to
identify the author of the letter first came to the attention of the Barclays PLC Board (Board) early in 2017. The Board instructed an external law firm to conduct a focussed investigation into the matter and also notified the FCA and PRA and other
relevant authorities. The investigation found, and the Board concluded, that the CEO honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify the author. However, the Board concluded that the CEO made an error in becoming involved
with, and not applying appropriate governance around the matter, and in taking action to attempt to identify the author of the letter.


Barclays and the CEO are cooperating fully with the FCA and PRA investigations. Barclays is also providing information to, and cooperating with,
authorities in the US with respect to these matters.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might
have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Investigations relating to
retail structured deposits and capital protected structured notes

The FCA is conducting enforcement investigations in relation to
certain structured deposits and notes provided by Barclays in the past.

Background Information


In 2015, the FCA commenced an enforcement investigation relating to the design, manufacture and sale of structured deposits by Barclays from
November 2009. The investigation is at an advanced stage. In January 2018, the FCA also commenced an enforcement investigation relating to the design, manufacture and sale of capital protected structured notes by Barclays from June 2008 to July
2014.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might
have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Investigation into
collections and recoveries relating to unsecured lending

In February 2018, the FCA commenced an enforcement investigation in
relation to whether or not Barclays Bank PLC, from July 2015, implemented effective systems and controls with respect to collections and recoveries and whether or not it paid due consideration to the interests of customers in default and arrears.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the investigation on the Group or what effect that it might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period.

Investigation into Americas Wealth & Investment Management advisory business


The SEC has carried out an investigation into certain practices in Barclays’ former Wealth Americas investment advisory business relating to
certain due diligence failures, fee and billing practices and mutual fund fee waivers and related disclosures. In May 2017, the SEC announced a settlement pursuant to which Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI) agreed to resolve this matter for USD97m,
consisting of a penalty of USD30m paid to the SEC and USD67m paid to the clients, in remediation and disgorgement.

Investigation
into suspected money laundering related to foreign exchange transactions in South African operation

Absa Bank Limited, a subsidiary
of Barclays Africa Group Limited, which was a subsidiary of Barclays at the relevant time, identified potentially fraudulent activity by certain of its customers using advance payments for imports in 2014 and 2015 to effect foreign exchange
transfers from South Africa to beneficiary accounts located in East Asia, UK, Europe and the US. As a result, the Group conducted a review of relevant activity, processes, systems and controls. The Group is continuing to provide information to
relevant authorities as part of the Group’s ongoing cooperation.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might
have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


240 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Investigations into LIBOR and other benchmarks

Regulators and law enforcement agencies, including certain competition authorities, from a number of governments have been conducting investigations relating to Barclays Bank PLC’s involvement in manipulating certain financial
benchmarks, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR.

Background Information


In 2012, Barclays Bank PLC announced that it had reached settlements with the Financial Services Authority (FSA) (as predecessor to the FCA), the US
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the DOJ in relation to their investigations concerning certain benchmark interest rate submissions, and Barclays Bank PLC paid total penalties of £290m. The settlement with the DOJ was made by
entry into a
Non-Prosecution
 Agreement (NPA) which has now expired. Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI have reached settlements with certain other regulators and law enforcement agencies. Barclays Bank
PLC continues to respond to requests for information from the SFO in relation to its ongoing LIBOR investigation, including in respect of Barclays Bank PLC. The investigation by the prosecutor’s office in Trani, Italy also remains pending.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period.

LIBOR and other benchmark civil actions


A number of individuals and corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against the Group and other banks in
relation to LIBOR and/or other benchmarks.

Background Information


Following settlement of the investigations referred to above in ‘Investigations into LIBOR and other Benchmarks’ various individuals and
corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against the Group. While certain cases have been dismissed or settled subject to approval from the court (and in the case of class actions, the right of class members to
opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims), other actions remain pending and their ultimate impact is unclear.


USD LIBOR Cases in MDL Court


The majority of the USD LIBOR cases, which have been filed in various US jurisdictions, have been consolidated for

pre-trial
 purposes before a single judge in the US District Court in the Southern District of New York (SDNY) (MDL Court).


The complaints are substantially similar and allege, amongst other things, that Barclays Bank PLC and the other banks individually and collectively
violated provisions of the US Sherman Antitrust Act (Antitrust Act), the US Commodity Exchange Act (CEA), the US Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) and various state laws by manipulating USD LIBOR rates.


The proposed class actions purported to be brought on behalf of (amongst others) plaintiffs that (i) engaged in USD LIBOR-linked
over-the-counter
 transactions (OTC Class); (ii) purchased USD LIBOR-linked financial instruments on an exchange (Exchange-Based Class); (iii) purchased USD LIBOR-linked debt
securities (Debt Securities Class); (iv) purchased adjustable-rate mortgages linked to USD LIBOR (Homeowner Class); or (v) issued loans linked to USD LIBOR (Lender Class).


The lawsuits seek unspecified damages with the exception of five lawsuits, in which the plaintiffs are seeking a combined total in excess of $1.25bn
in actual damages against all defendants, including Barclays Bank PLC, plus punitive damages. Some of the lawsuits also seek trebling of damages under the Antitrust Act and RICO.


Between 2013 and 2016, the MDL Court issued a series of decisions effectively dismissing the majority of claims, including antitrust claims, against
Barclays Bank PLC and other foreign defendants in both class actions and individual actions. In May 2016, the appeal court reversed the MDL Court’s decision and remanded the antitrust claims to the MDL Court for further consideration. Following
further consideration, the MDL Court dismissed the majority of antitrust claims against foreign defendants, including Barclays Bank PLC, for lack of personal jurisdiction. Plaintiffs in a number of individual actions and class actions are appealing
the MDL Court’s personal jurisdiction ruling.

In 2014, the MDL Court granted preliminary approval for the settlement of the
Exchange-Based Class claims for $20m, of which $5m was paid in

October 2014 and the remaining $15m in September 2017. The
settlement remains subject to court approval and the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims.

In 2015, the OTC Class claims were settled for $120m which was paid in 2017. The settlement remains subject to final approval.

In November 2016, $7.1m was paid in settlement of the Debt Securities Class claims. The settlement has been preliminarily approved by the court but remains subject to final approval and the right of class members to opt out of
the settlement and seek to file their own claims.

EURIBOR Case in the SDNY


In 2015, $94m was paid in settlement of a EURIBOR-related class action. The settlement has been preliminarily approved by the court but remains
subject to final approval and the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims.


Additional USD LIBOR Case in the SDNY

In 2015, an individual action against Barclays Bank PLC and other panel bank defendants was dismissed by the SDNY. The plaintiff alleged that the panel bank defendants conspired to increase USD LIBOR, which caused the value of bonds
pledged as collateral for a loan to decrease, ultimately resulting in the sale of the bonds at a low point in the market. The plaintiff’s motion to file a further amended complaint is pending.


Sterling LIBOR Case in SDNY


In 2015, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC and other Sterling LIBOR panel banks by a plaintiff involved in
exchange-traded and
over-the-counter
 derivatives that were linked to Sterling LIBOR. The complaint alleges, among other things, that defendants manipulated the Sterling
LIBOR rate between 2005 and 2010 and, in so doing, committed CEA, Antitrust Act, and RICO violations. In early 2016, this class action was consolidated with an additional putative class action making similar allegations against Barclays Bank PLC and
BCI and other Sterling LIBOR panel banks. Defendants have filed a motion to dismiss.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 241


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Japanese Yen LIBOR Cases in SDNY

In 2012, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC and other Japanese Yen LIBOR panel banks by a plaintiff involved in exchange-traded derivatives. The complaint also names members of the Japanese
Bankers Association’s Euroyen Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (Euroyen TIBOR) panel, of which Barclays Bank PLC is not a member. The complaint alleges, amongst other things, manipulation of the Euroyen TIBOR and Yen LIBOR rates and breaches of the
CEA and Antitrust Act between 2006 and 2010. In 2014, the court dismissed the plaintiff’s antitrust claims in full, but the plaintiff’s CEA claims remain pending. Discovery is ongoing.


In March 2017, a second putative class action concerning Yen LIBOR filed in the SDNY against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI was dismissed
in full. The complaint makes similar allegations to the 2012 class action. Plaintiffs have appealed the dismissal.

SIBOR/SOR Case in
the SDNY

A putative class action filed in the SDNY against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI, and other defendants, alleging
manipulation of the Singapore Interbank Offered Rate (SIBOR) and Singapore Swap Offer Rate (SOR) was dismissed by the court in relation to claims against Barclays for failure to state a claim. Plaintiffs amended their complaint in September 2017,
and defendants have filed a motion to dismiss.

Non-US
 Benchmarks Cases


In addition to US actions, legal proceedings have been brought or threatened against the Group in connection with alleged manipulation of LIBOR and
EURIBOR and other benchmarks in a number of jurisdictions in Europe and Argentina. Additional proceedings in
non-US
 jurisdictions may be brought in the future.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

Aside from the settlements discussed above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s
operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Foreign Exchange investigations


Various regulatory and enforcement authorities across multiple jurisdictions have been investigating a range of issues associated with Foreign
Exchange sales and trading, including electronic trading.

Background Information


In 2015 the Group reached settlements with the CFTC, the DOJ, the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve) and the FCA (together, the 2015 Resolving Authorities) in relation to investigations into certain sales and trading practices in the Foreign Exchange market. In connection with these settlements, the
Group paid total penalties of approximately $2.38bn and agreed to undertake certain remedial actions.

Under the plea agreement with the
DOJ, in addition to a criminal fine, Barclays PLC agreed to a term of probation of three years during which Barclays PLC must, amongst other things, (i) commit no crime whatsoever in violation of the federal laws of the US, (ii) implement
and continue to implement a compliance program designed to prevent and detect the conduct that gave rise to the plea agreement, (iii) report credible evidence of criminal violations of US antitrust or fraud laws to the relevant US authority,
and (iv) strengthen its compliance and internal controls as required by relevant regulatory or enforcement agencies. In January 2017, the US District Court for the District of Connecticut accepted the plea agreement and in accordance with the
agreement sentenced Barclays PLC to pay $650m as a fine and $60m for violating the NPA (which amounts are part of the $2.38bn referred to above) and to serve three years of probation from the date of the sentencing order. The Group also continues to
provide relevant information to certain of the 2015 Resolving Authorities.

The full text of the DOJ plea agreement, the orders of the
CFTC, NYDFS and Federal Reserve, and the Final Notice issued by the FCA related to the settlements referred to above are publicly available on the 2015 Resolving Authorities’ respective websites.


The European Commission is one of several authorities conducting an investigation into certain trading practices in the Foreign Exchange market.


The DOJ is also conducting an investigation into conduct relating to certain trading activities in connection with certain transactions
during 2011 and 2012. Barclays is providing information to the DOJ and other relevant authorities reviewing this conduct. In January 2018, a Barclays employee currently under suspension was indicted in US federal court in connection with this
matter.

In February 2017 the South African Competition Commission (SACC) referred Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and Absa Bank Limited, a
subsidiary of Barclays Africa Group Limited, which at the relevant time was a subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC, among other banks, to the Competition Tribunal to be prosecuted for breaches of South African antitrust law related to Foreign Exchange
trading of South African Rand. Barclays was the first to bring the conduct to the attention of the SACC under its leniency programme. The SACC is therefore not seeking an order from the Tribunal to impose any fine on Barclays Bank PLC, BCI or Absa
Bank Limited.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


Aside from the settlements discussed above, and a provision of £240m recognised in Q4 2017, it is not currently practicable to provide an
estimate of any further financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect they might have on the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Civil actions in respect of Foreign Exchange

A number of individuals and corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against the Group and other banks in relation to Foreign Exchange.


Background Information


Following settlement of certain investigations referred to above in ‘Foreign Exchange Investigations’ a number of individuals and
corporates in a range of jurisdictions have threatened or brought civil actions against the Group and other banks in relation to Foreign Exchange or may do so in future. Certain of these cases have been dismissed or have been settled subject to
final approval from the relevant court (and in the case of class actions, the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims).


242 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Consolidated FX Action

In
2014, a number of civil actions filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs alleging manipulation of Foreign Exchange markets under the Antitrust Act and New York state law and naming several international banks as defendants,
including Barclays Bank PLC, were combined into a single consolidated action (Consolidated FX Action). In 2015, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI settled the Consolidated FX Action and paid $384m. Certain class members have opted out of the settlement to
seek to file their own claims. The settlement is also subject to final court approval.

ERISA FX Action


Since 2015, several civil actions have been filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs purporting to allege different legal
theories of injury (other than those alleged in the Consolidated FX Action) related to alleged manipulation of Foreign Exchange rates, including claims under the US Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) statute (ERISA Claims), and naming
several international banks as defendants, including Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI. The Court has dismissed the ERISA Claims, and the plaintiffs have appealed this decision.


Retail Basis Action

A
putative action was filed in the Northern District of California (and subsequently transferred to the SDNY) against several international banks, including Barclays PLC and BCI, on behalf of a putative class of individuals that exchanged currencies
on a retail basis at bank branches (Retail Basis Claims). The Court has ruled that the Retail Basis Claims are not covered by the settlement agreement in the Consolidated FX Action. The Court subsequently dismissed all Retail Basis Claims against
Barclays and all other defendants. Plaintiffs amended their complaint and defendants (including Barclays) have moved to dismiss the amended complaint.

Last Look Actions

In 2015, two putative class actions were filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed classes of
plaintiffs alleging injuries based on Barclays’ purported improper rejection of customer trades through Barclays Last Look functionality in Barclays’ FX
e-trading
 platforms In 2016, Barclays Bank PLC
and BCI paid $50m and settled one of the actions on a class-wide basis. (The other action was voluntarily dismissed.) The deadline for opting out of the class has expired (a small number of class members have opted out), and the Court has granted
final approval of the settlement.

State Law FX Action


In 2016, a putative class action was filed in the SDNY under federal, New York and California law on behalf of proposed classes of stockholders of
Exchange Traded Funds and others who supposedly were indirect investors in FX Instruments. The defendants (including Barclays) moved to dismiss the action. Plaintiffs’ counsel then amended the complaint to bring claims on behalf of a proposed
class of investors under federal and various state laws who traded FX Instruments through FX dealers or brokers not alleged to have manipulated Foreign Exchange Rates. A different group of plaintiffs subsequently filed another action based on the
same theories and asserted substantively similar claims. These two actions have been consolidated and a consolidated complaint was filed in June 2017. Defendants (including Barclays) have moved to dismiss the action.


Canadian FX Action

Civil
actions similar to the Consolidated FX Action have been filed in Canadian courts on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs containing similar factual allegations of manipulation of Foreign Exchange rates and of damages resulting from such
manipulation, in violation of Canadian law. The parties’ settlement for $14.8m has been approved by the court.

Claimed
Amounts/Financial Impact

Aside from the settlements discussed above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any
further financial impact of the actions described above on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.


Civil actions in respect of ISDAFIX

In 2014, a number of ISDAFIX related civil actions were filed in the SDNY on behalf of proposed class of plaintiffs, alleging that Barclays Bank PLC, a number of other banks and one broker violated the Antitrust Act and several
state laws by engaging in a conspiracy to manipulate the USD ISDAFIX. In 2016, Barclays Bank PLC and BCI entered into a settlement agreement with plaintiffs to resolve the consolidated action and paid $30m, fully resolving all ISDAFIX-related claims
that were or could have been brought by the class. The court has preliminarily approved the settlement, which remains subject to final approval and to the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

The principal financial impact of the actions described on the Group is reflected in the settlement described above.


Metals investigations


Barclays Bank PLC has provided information to the DOJ, the CFTC and other authorities in connection with investigations into metals and metals-based
financial instruments.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might
have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

Civil actions in respect of
the gold and silver fix

Various civil actions have been filed against Barclays Bank PLC and others alleging manipulation of the
prices of gold and silver.

Background Information


A number of civil complaints, each on behalf of a proposed class of plaintiffs, have been consolidated and transferred to the SDNY. The complaints
allege that Barclays Bank PLC and other members of The London Gold Market Fixing Ltd. manipulated the prices of gold and gold derivative contracts in violation of the CEA, the Antitrust Act, and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. Also in
the US, a proposed class of plaintiffs has filed a complaint against a number of banks, including Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and Barclays Capital Services Ltd., alleging manipulation of the price of silver in violation of the CEA and antitrust laws.
Defendants have moved to dismiss these actions.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 243


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Civil actions have also been filed in Canadian courts against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Canada Inc., BCI and Barclays
Capital PLC on behalf of proposed classes of plaintiffs alleging manipulation of gold and silver prices in violation of Canadian law.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period.

US residential and commercial mortgage-related activity and litigation


There have been various investigations and civil litigation relating to secondary market trading of US residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS)
and US commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS).

Background Information


The Group’s activities within the US residential mortgage sector during the period from 2005 through 2008 included:


◾   sponsoring and underwriting of approximately $39bn of private-label securitisations;


◾   economic underwriting exposure of approximately $34bn for other private-label securitisations;


◾   sales of approximately $0.2bn of loans to government sponsored enterprises (GSEs);


◾   sales of approximately $3bn of loans to others; and


◾   sales of approximately $19.4bn of loans (net of approximately $500m of loans sold during this period and subsequently repurchased) that were originated and sold to third parties by mortgage
originator affiliates of an entity that the Group acquired in 2007 (Acquired Subsidiary).

DOJ Civil Action


In December 2016, the DOJ filed a civil complaint against Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays PLC, BCI, Barclays Group US Inc., Barclays US
LLC, BCAP LLC, Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC and Sutton Funding LLC, as well as two former employees, in the US District Court in the Eastern District of New York (EDNY) containing a number of allegations, including mail and wire fraud,
relating to mortgage-backed securities sold between 2005 and 2007. The DOJ complaint seeks, amongst other relief, unspecified monetary penalties. Barclays is defending the complaint and has filed a motion to dismiss.


RMBS Repurchase Requests


The Group was the sole provider of various loan-level representations and warranties (R&Ws) with respect to:


◾   approximately $5bn of Group sponsored securitisations;


◾   approximately $0.2bn of sales of loans to GSEs; and


◾   approximately $3bn of loans sold to others.

In addition, the Acquired
Subsidiary provided R&Ws on all of the $19.4bn of loans it sold to third parties.

R&Ws on the remaining Group sponsored
securitisations were primarily provided by third-party originators directly to the securitisation trusts with a Group subsidiary, such as the depositor for the securitisation, providing more limited R&Ws. There are no stated expiration
provisions applicable to most R&Ws made by the Group, the Acquired Subsidiary or these third parties.

Under certain circumstances,
the Group and/or the Acquired Subsidiary may be required to repurchase the related loans or make other payments related to such loans if the R&Ws are breached.


The unresolved repurchase requests received on or before 31 December 2017 associated with all R&Ws made by the Group or the Acquired
Subsidiary on loans sold to GSEs and others and private-label activities had an original unpaid principal balance of approximately $2.1bn at the time of such sale.


The unresolved repurchase requests discussed above relate to civil actions that have been commenced by the trustees for certain RMBS securitisations
in which the trustees allege that the Group and/or the Acquired Subsidiary must repurchase loans that violated the operative R&Ws. Such trustees and other parties making repurchase requests have also alleged that the operative R&Ws may have
been violated with respect to a greater (but unspecified) amount of loans than the amount of loans previously stated in specific repurchase requests made by such trustees. Cumulative realised losses reported at 31 December 2017 on loans covered
by R&Ws made by the Group or the Acquired Subsidiary are approximately $1.3bn. This litigation is ongoing.

In addition, the Acquired
Subsidiary is subject to a more advanced civil action seeking, among other things, indemnification for losses allegedly suffered by a loan purchaser as a result of alleged breaches of R&Ws provided by the Acquired Subsidiary in connection with
loan sales to the purchaser during the period 1997 to 2007. This litigation is ongoing.

RMBS Securities Claims


As a result of some of the RMBS activities described above, the Group has been party to a number of lawsuits filed by purchasers of RMBS sponsored
and/or underwritten by the Group between 2005 and 2008. As a general matter, these lawsuits alleged, among other things, that the RMBS offering materials allegedly relied on by such purchasers contained materially false and misleading statements
and/or omissions and generally demanded rescission and recovery of the consideration paid for the RMBS and recovery of monetary losses arising out of their ownership. The Group has resolved the majority of these claims, and only one action currently
remains pending.

Approximately $0.1bn of the original face amount of RMBS related to the remaining pending action was outstanding as at
31 December 2017. There were virtually no cumulative realised losses reported on these RMBS as at 31 December 2017. The Group does not expect that, if it were to lose the remaining pending action, any such loss to be material.


Secondary Trading Investigation

The Group has received requests for information and subpoenas from the SEC, the US Attorney’s Office for the District of Connecticut and the Special Inspector General for the US Troubled Asset Relief Program related to trading
practices in the secondary market for both RMBS and CMBS. A settlement was announced in May 2017 pursuant to which BCI agreed to resolve this matter for $16.56m.


244 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

Save for the remaining pending action described under ‘RMBS Securities Claims’ and the May 2017 settlement above, it is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of any further financial impact of the actions
described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period. The cost of resolving these actions could individually or in aggregate prove to be
substantial.

Alternative trading systems and high-frequency trading


The SEC, the New York State Attorney General (NYAG) and regulators in certain other jurisdictions have been investigating a range of issues
associated with alternative trading systems (ATSs), including dark pools, and the activities of high-frequency traders.

Background
Information

In 2014, the NYAG filed a complaint (NYAG Complaint) against Barclays PLC and BCI in the Supreme Court of the State of
New York alleging, amongst other things, that Barclays PLC and BCI engaged in fraud and deceptive practices in connection with LX, the Group’s
SEC-registered
 ATS. In February 2016, Barclays reached
separate settlement agreements with the SEC and the NYAG to resolve those agencies’ claims against Barclays PLC and BCI relating to the operation of LX and paid $35m to each.


Barclays PLC and BCI have been named in a purported class action by an institutional financial services firm under California law based on
allegations similar to those in the NYAG Complaint. In October 2016, the federal court in California granted the motion of Barclays PLC and BCI to dismiss the entire complaint and plaintiffs have appealed the court’s decision.


Following the filing of the NYAG Complaint, Barclays PLC and BCI were also named in a putative shareholder securities class action along with
certain of its former CEOs, and its current and a former CFO, as well as an employee (Shareholder Class Action). The plaintiffs claim that holders of Barclays American Depository Receipts (ADRs) suffered damages when the ADRs declined in value
as a result of the allegations in the NYAG Complaint. A motion to dismiss the complaint filed by the defendants (including Barclays PLC and BCI), was granted in part and denied in part by the court. In February 2016, the court certified the action
as a class action. In November 2017, the appellate court affirmed the class certification. Barclays has petitioned the appellate court to stay the action pending review by the US Supreme Court of the class certification.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

The class actions seek unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief. It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect they might have upon the
Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

FERC and other civil actions


The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) filed a civil action against Barclays Bank PLC and certain of its former traders
in connection with allegations that Barclays Bank PLC manipulated the electricity markets in the Western US.

Background Information


In 2012, FERC issued an Order to Show Cause and Notice of Proposed Penalties (Order and Notice) against Barclays Bank PLC and four
of its former traders asserting that Barclays Bank PLC and its former traders violated FERC’s Anti-Manipulation Rule by manipulating the electricity markets in and around California from 2006 to 2008, and proposed civil penalties and profit
disgorgement to be paid by Barclays Bank PLC.

In 2013, FERC filed a civil action against Barclays Bank PLC and its former traders in the
US District Court in California seeking to collect a $435m civil penalty and disgorgement of $34.9m of profits, plus interest. The action was settled for $105m ($70m penalty and $35m disgorgement) which was paid in 2017.


In 2015, a civil class action complaint seeking damages of $139.3m was filed in the US District Court for the SDNY against Barclays Bank PLC by
Merced Irrigation District, a California utility company, asserting antitrust allegations in connection with Barclays Bank PLC’s purported manipulation of the electricity markets in and around California. The action has been settled in
principle for $29m (subject to court approval and to the right of class members to opt out of the settlement and to seek to file their own claims).

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

Apart from the settlement amounts referred to above, Barclays does not expect
the financial impact of the actions described above to be material to the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position.

Treasury auction securities civil actions and related matters

Various civil actions have been filed against
Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other financial institutions alleging violations of anti-trust and other laws relating to the markets for US Treasury securities and Supranational, Sovereign and Agency securities. Certain governmental authorities are also
conducting investigations relating to trading of certain government securities in various markets.

Background information


Numerous putative class action complaints have been filed in US Federal Court against Barclays Bank PLC, BCI and other financial
institutions that have served as primary dealers in US Treasury securities. Those actions have been consolidated and in November 2017, plaintiffs in the putative class action filed a consolidated amended complaint in the US Federal Court in New York
against the defendants as well as certain corporations that operate electronic trading platforms on which US Treasury securities are traded. The complaint purports to assert claims under US federal antitrust laws and state common law based on
allegations that defendants (i) conspired to manipulate the US Treasury securities market and/or (ii) conspired to prevent the creation of certain platforms by boycotting or threatening to boycott such trading platforms. Defendants intend
to move to dismiss the action.

In addition, certain plaintiffs have filed a related, direct action against BCI and certain other
financial institutions that have served as primary dealers in US Treasury securities. This complaint alleges that defendants conspired to fix and manipulate the US Treasury securities market in violation of US federal antitrust laws, the CEA and
state common law.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 245


Notes to the financial statements


Accruals, provisions, contingent liabilities and legal proceedings


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


In 2017, Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, BCI, Barclays Services Limited, Barclays Capital Securities Limited and certain other financial
institutions were named as defendants in a civil anti-trust complaint that alleges that the defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and restrain competition in the market for US dollar-denominated Supranational, Sovereign and Agency bonds
from 2005 through 2015. Defendants have moved to dismiss the action.

Certain governmental authorities are conducting investigations into
activities relating to the trading of certain government securities in various markets and Barclays has been providing information to various authorities on an ongoing basis.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period.

American Depositary Shares


Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and various former members of Barclays Bank PLC’s Board of Directors have been named as defendants in a
securities class action consolidated in the SDNY.

Background Information


The securities class action against Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC and various former members of Barclays Bank PLC’s Board of Directors
alleges misstatements and omissions in offering documents for certain American Depositary Shares issued by Barclays Bank PLC in April 2008 with an original face amount of approximately $2.5bn (the April 2008 Offering). The plaintiffs assert claims
under the Securities Act of 1933, alleging misstatements and omissions concerning (amongst other things) Barclays Bank PLC’s portfolio of mortgage-related (including US subprime-related) securities, Barclays Bank PLC’s exposure to mortgage
and credit market risk, and Barclays Bank PLC’s financial condition. The plaintiffs have not specifically alleged the amount of their damages. In June 2016, the SDNY certified the action as a class action. In September 2017, the SDNY granted
the defendants’ motion for summary judgment. Plaintiffs are appealing this decision.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact


It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the action described on the Group or what effect
that it might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period.

BDC Finance
L.L.C.

BDC Finance L.L.C. (BDC) has filed a complaint against Barclays Bank PLC alleging breach of contract in connection with a
portfolio of total return swaps governed by an ISDA Master Agreement (collectively, the Agreement).

Background Information


In 2008, BDC filed a complaint in the NY Supreme Court alleging that Barclays Bank PLC breached the Agreement when it failed to
transfer approximately $40m of alleged excess collateral in response to BDC’s 2008 demand (Demand).

BDC asserts that under the
Agreement Barclays Bank PLC was not entitled to dispute the Demand before transferring the alleged excess collateral and that even if the Agreement entitled Barclays Bank PLC to dispute the Demand before making the transfer, Barclays Bank PLC failed
to dispute the Demand. BDC demands damages totalling $298m plus attorneys’ fees, expenses, and pre-judgement interest. A trial on liability issues concluded in April 2017 and the court’s decision is pending.


In 2011, BDC’s investment advisor, BDCM Fund Adviser, L.L.C. and its parent company, Black Diamond Capital Holdings, L.L.C. also sued Barclays
Bank PLC and BCI in Connecticut State Court for unspecified damages allegedly resulting from Barclays Bank PLC’s conduct relating to the Agreement, asserting claims for violation of the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act and tortious
interference with business and prospective business relations. The parties agreed to stay this case.

Claimed Amounts/Financial
Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what
effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any particular period. BDC has made claims against the Group totalling $298m plus attorneys’ fees, expenses, and pre-judgement interest.
This amount does not necessarily reflect the Group’s potential financial exposure if a ruling were to be made against it.

Civil
actions in respect of the US Anti-Terrorism Act

Civil complaints against Barclays Bank PLC and other banks allege engagement in a
conspiracy and violation of the US Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA).

Background Information


In 2015, an amended civil complaint was filed in the US Federal Court in the EDNY by a group of approximately 250 plaintiffs, alleging that Barclays
Bank PLC and a number of other banks engaged in a conspiracy and violated the ATA by facilitating US dollar-denominated transactions for the Government of Iran and various Iranian banks, which in turn funded Hezbollah and other attacks that injured
or killed the plaintiffs’ family members. Plaintiffs seek to recover for pain, suffering and mental anguish pursuant to the provisions of the ATA, which allows for the tripling of any proven damages and attorneys’ fees. Plaintiffs filed a
second amended complaint in July 2016 (the Second Amended Complaint), which, among other things, added various plaintiffs, bringing the total number of plaintiffs to approximately 350. Defendants have moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint.
In November 2017, a separate civil complaint was filed in the US Federal Court in the SDNY by a group of approximately 160 plaintiffs, alleging claims under the ATA against Barclays Bank PLC and a number of other banks substantially similar to those
in the Second Amended Complaint. Defendants intend to move to dismiss this complaint.

In November 2016, a civil complaint was filed
alleging claims under the ATA against Barclays Bank PLC (and a number of other banks) substantially similar to those in the Second Amended Complaint. In October 2017, plaintiffs voluntarily dismissed the case, without prejudice.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect that they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in
any particular period.


246 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


29 Legal, competition and regulatory matters
continued


Interest rate swap and credit default swap US civil actions


Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and BCI, together with other financial institutions are defendants in interest rate swap and credit default swap
antitrust civil actions in the SDNY.

Background Information


Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and BCI, together with other financial institutions that act as market makers for interest rate swaps (IRS), Trade
Web, and ICAP, are named as defendants in several antitrust class actions which were consolidated in the SDNY in 2016. The complaints allege defendants conspired to prevent the development of exchanges for IRS and demand unspecified money damages,
treble damages and legal fees. Plaintiffs include certain swap execution facilities, as well as
buy-side
 investors. The
buy-side
 investors claim to represent a class
that transacted in
fixed-for-floating
 IRS with defendants in the US from 2008 to the present, including, for example, US retirement and pension funds, municipalities,
university endowments, corporations, insurance companies and investment funds. The case is in discovery. In June 2017, a separate suit was filed in the US District Court in the SDNY against the same financial institution defendants in the IRS cases,
including Barclays PLC, Barclays Bank PLC, and BCI, claiming that certain conduct alleged in the IRS cases also caused plaintiff to suffer harm with respect to the Credit Default Swaps market. Defendants have moved to dismiss this action.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the actions described on the Group or what effect they might have upon the Group’s operating results, cash flows or financial position in any
particular period.

CCUK Finance Limited and CIAC Corporation


In May 2017, Barclays Bank PLC was served with a civil claim by CCUK Finance Limited and CIAC Corporation issued in the English High Court alleging
breach of a contractual indemnity, fraudulent misrepresentation and breach of warranty arising out of the sale of a portfolio of credit cards in 2007. Barclays Bank PLC has filed a defence and counterclaim.


Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

The claim seeks damages of not less than £1bn plus interest and costs. The damages claimed do not necessarily reflect Barclays Bank PLC’s potential financial exposure if a ruling were to be made against it. It is not
currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact of the action described or what effect it might have upon operating results, cash flows or the Group’s financial position in any particular period.


Portuguese Competition Authority investigation

The Portuguese Competition Authority is investigating whether competition law was infringed by the exchange of information about retail credit products amongst 15 banks in Portugal, including the Group, over a period of 11 years
with particular reference to mortgages, consumer lending and lending to small and medium enterprises. The Group is cooperating with the investigation.

Claimed Amounts/Financial Impact

It is not currently practicable to provide an estimate of the financial impact
of the action described or what effect it might have upon operating results, cash flows or the Group’s financial position in any particular period.

General

The Group is engaged in various other legal, competition and regulatory matters in the UK and US and a
number of other overseas jurisdictions. It is subject to legal proceedings by and against the Group which arise in the ordinary course of business from time to time, including (but not limited to) disputes in relation to contracts, securities, debt
collection, consumer credit, fraud, trusts, client assets, competition, data protection, money laundering, financial crime, employment, environmental and other statutory and common law issues.


The Group is also subject to enquiries and examinations, requests for information, audits, investigations and legal and other proceedings by
regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with (but not limited to) consumer protection measures, compliance with legislation and regulation, wholesale trading activity and other areas of banking and business activities in which
the Group is or has been engaged.

The Group is cooperating with the relevant authorities and keeping all relevant agencies briefed as
appropriate in relation to these matters and others described in this note on an ongoing basis.

At the present time, the Group does not
expect the ultimate resolution of any of these other matters to have a material adverse effect on its financial position. However, in light of the uncertainties involved in such matters and the matters specifically described in this note, there can
be no assurance that the outcome of a particular matter or matters will not be material to the Group’s results of operations or cash flow for a particular period, depending on, amongst other things, the amount of the loss resulting from the
matter(s) and the amount of income otherwise reported for the reporting period.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 247


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


The notes included in this
section focus on the Group’s loan capital and shareholders’ equity including issued share capital, retained earnings, other equity balances and interests of minority shareholders in our subsidiary entities

(non-controlling
 interests). For more information on capital management and how the Group maintains sufficient capital to meet our regulatory requirements

refer to pages 137 to 145.

30 Subordinated liabilities


Accounting for
subordinated debt

Subordinated debt is measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest method under IAS 39.


2017 £m   2016 £m
Opening balance as at 1 January   23,383   21,467
Issuances   3,041   1,457
Redemptions   (1,378   )   (1,143   )
Other   (1,220   )   1,602
Total subordinated liabilities   23,826   23,383

Issuances totalling £3,041m made up of $2,000m 4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (£1,547m),
€
1,500m 2% Fixed Rate

Subordinated Callable Notes (£1,384m) and
SGD 200m 3.75% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes (£110m). Redemptions totalling £1,378m include £133m 6.375% Undated Subordinated Notes, $1,556m 6.05% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (£1,151m), $117m 7.434%
Step-up
 Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments (£87m) and instruments issued by other subsidiaries (£7m). Other movements include a decrease of £1,220m largely due to the depreciation of
period end USD against GBP.

Subordinated liabilities include accrued interest and comprise undated and dated loan capital as follows:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Undated subordinated liabilities   4,191   4,495
Dated subordinated liabilities   19,635   18,888
Total subordinated liabilities   23,826   23,383

None of the Group’s loan capital is secured.


Undated subordinated liabilities
Subordinated liabilities per balance sheet
Initial call date   2017 £m   2016 £m
Barclays Bank PLC issued
Tier One Notes (TONs)
6% Callable Perpetual Core Tier One Notes   2032   16   17
6.86% Callable Perpetual Core Tier One Notes (USD 179m)   2032   197   232
Reserve Capital Instruments (RCIs)
7.434% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments (USD 117m)   2017   –   100
6.3688% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments   2019   36   37
14% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments   2019   3,142   3,124
5.3304% Step-up Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments   2036   52   54
Undated Notes
6.375% Undated Subordinated Notes   2017   –   140
7.7% Undated Subordinated Notes (USD 99m)   2018   74   84
8.25% Undated Subordinated Notes   2018   144   148
7.125% Undated Subordinated Notes   2020   182   193
6.125% Undated Subordinated Notes   2027   43   45
Junior Undated Floating Rate Notes (USD 38m)   Any interest payment date   28   31
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 3   Any interest payment date   21   21
Bonds
9.25% Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (ex-Woolwich Plc)   2021   87   91
9% Permanent Interest Bearing Capital Bonds   At any time   45   47
Loans
5.03% Reverse Dual Currency Undated Subordinated Loan (JPY 8,000m)   2028   51   54
5% Reverse Dual Currency Undated Subordinated Loan (JPY 12,000m)   2028   73   77
Total undated subordinated liabilities   4,191   4,495


248 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


30 Subordinated liabilities
continued


Undated loan capital

Undated loan capital is issued by the Bank and its subsidiaries for the development and
expansion of the business and to strengthen the capital bases. The principal terms of the undated loan capital are described below:


Subordination

All undated
loan capital ranks behind the claims against the bank of depositors and other unsecured unsubordinated creditors and holders of dated loan capital in the following order: Junior Undated Floating Rate Notes; other issues of Undated Notes, Bonds and
Loans ranking pari passu with each other; followed by TONs and RCIs ranking pari passu with each other.

Interest


All undated loan capital bears a fixed rate of interest until the initial call date, with the exception of the 9% Bonds which are fixed for the life
of the issue, and the Junior and Series 3 Undated Notes which are floating rate.

After the initial call date, in the event that they are
not redeemed, the 7.125%, 6.125% Undated Notes and the 9.25% Bonds will bear interest at rates fixed periodically in advance for five-year periods based on market rates. All other undated loan capital except the two floating rate Undated Notes will
bear interest, and the two floating rate Undated Notes currently bear interest, at rates fixed periodically in advance based on London interbank rates.

Payment of interest

The Bank is not obliged to make a payment of interest on its Undated Notes, Bonds and Loans
excluding the 7.7% Undated Notes, 8.25% Undated Notes and 9.25% Bonds if, in the preceding six months, a dividend has not been declared or paid on any class of shares of Barclays PLC or, in certain cases, any class of preference shares of the Bank.
The Bank is not obliged to make a payment of interest on its 9.25% Perpetual Subordinated Bonds if, in the immediately preceding 12 months’ interest period, a dividend has not been paid on any class of its share capital. Interest not so paid
becomes payable in each case if such a dividend is subsequently paid or in certain other circumstances. During the year, the Bank declared and paid dividends on its ordinary shares and on all classes of preference shares.


No payment of principal or any interest may be made unless the Bank satisfies a specified solvency test.


The Bank may elect to defer any payment of interest on the 7.7% Undated Notes and 8.25% Undated Notes. Until such time as any deferred interest has
been paid in full, neither the Bank nor Barclays PLC may declare or pay a dividend, subject to certain exceptions, on any of its ordinary shares, preference shares, or other share capital or satisfy any payments of interest or coupons on certain
other junior obligations.

The Bank may elect to defer any payment of interest on the RCIs. Any such deferred payment of interest must be
paid on the earlier of: (i) the date of redemption of the RCIs, (ii) the coupon payment date falling on or nearest to the tenth anniversary of the date of deferral of such payment, and (iii) in respect of the 14% RCIs only,
substitution. While such deferral is continuing, neither the Bank nor Barclays PLC may declare or pay a dividend, subject to certain exceptions, on any of its ordinary shares or preference shares.


The Bank may elect to defer any payment of interest on the TONs if it determines that it is, or such payment would result in it being, in
non-compliance
 with capital adequacy requirements and policies of the PRA. Any such deferred payment of interest will only be payable on a redemption of the TONs. Until such time as the Bank next makes a payment of
interest on the TONs, neither the Bank nor Barclays PLC may (i) declare or pay a dividend, subject to certain exceptions, on any of their respective ordinary shares or Preference Shares, or make payments of interest in respect of the
Bank’s Reserve Capital Instruments and (ii) certain restrictions on the redemption, purchase or reduction of their respective share capital and certain other securities also apply.


Repayment

All undated loan
capital is repayable at the option of the Bank, generally in whole, at the initial call date and on any subsequent coupon or interest payment date or in the case of the 7.125%, 6.125% Undated Notes and the 9.25% Bonds on any fifth anniversary after
the initial call date. In addition, each issue of undated loan capital is repayable, at the option of the Bank in whole in the event of certain changes in the tax treatment of the notes, either at any time, or on an interest payment date. There are
no events of default except
non-payment
 of principal or mandatory interest. Any repayments require the prior approval of the PRA.


Other

All issues of undated
subordinated liabilities are
non-convertible.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 249


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


30 Subordinated liabilities
continued


Dated subordinated liabilities
Subordinated liabilities per balance sheet
Initial call date   Maturity date   2017 £m   2016 £m
Barclays PLC issued
2.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (EUR 1,250m)   2020   2025   1,119   1,084
2% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (EUR 1,500m)   2023   2028   1,325   –
4.375% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 1,250m)   2024   947   1,054
3.75% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes (SGD 200m)   2025   2030   111   –
5.20% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 2,050m)   2026   1,439   1,590
4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes (USD 2,000m)   2027   2028   1,471   –
Barclays Bank PLC issued
6.05% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 1,556m)   2017   –   1,316
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 40m)   2018   36   34
6% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,750m)   2018   1,643   1,590
CMS-Linked Subordinated Notes (EUR 100m)   2018   93   90
CMS-Linked Subordinated Notes (EUR 135m)   2018   124   120
Fixed/Floating Rate Subordinated Callable Notes   2018   2023   533   548
7.75% Contingent Capital Notes (USD 1,000m)   2018   2023   747   822
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 50m)   2019   44   42
5.14% Lower Tier 2 Notes (USD 1,094m)   2020   841   956
6% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,500m)   2021   1,484   1,444
9.5% Subordinated Bonds (ex-Woolwich Plc)   2021   273   286
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 100m)   2021   88   85
10% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes   2021   2,261   2,345
10.179% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (USD 1,521m)   2021   1,118   1,285
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 50m)   2022   44   43
6.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes (EUR 1,000m)   2022   1,043   1,042
7.625% Contingent Capital Notes (USD 3,000m)   2022   2,163   2,390
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 50m)   2023   44   43
5.75% Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes   2026   366   384
5.4% Reverse Dual Currency Subordinated Loan (JPY 15,000m)   2027   97   103
6.33% Subordinated Notes   2032   62   64
Subordinated Floating Rate Notes (EUR 68m)   2040   60   58
Issuances by other subsidiaries   2018–2019   59   70
Total dated subordinated liabilities   19,635   18,888

Dated loan capital


Dated loan capital is issued by the Company, the Bank and respective subsidiaries for the development and expansion of their business and to
strengthen their respective capital bases. The principal terms of the dated loan capital are described below:

Subordination


Dated loan capital issued by the Company ranks behind the claims against the Company of unsecured unsubordinated creditors but
before the claims of the holders of its equity.

All dated loan capital issued by the Bank ranks behind the claims against the Bank of
depositors and other unsecured unsubordinated creditors but before the claims of the undated loan capital and the holders of its equity. The dated loan capital issued by other subsidiaries is similarly subordinated.


Interest

Interest on the
Floating Rate Notes is fixed periodically in advance, based on the related interbank or local central bank rates.

Interest on the 7.75%
Contingent Capital Notes, 2.625% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes, 4.836% Fixed Rate Subordinated Callable Notes,

2% Fixed Rate
Subordinated Callable Notes and the 3.75% Fixed Rate Resetting Subordinated Callable Notes are fixed until the call date. After the respective call dates, in the event that they are not redeemed, the interest rates will be
re-set
 and fixed until maturity based on a market rate.

Repayment


Those Notes with a call date are repayable at the option of the issuer, on conditions governing the respective debt obligations, some in whole or in
part, and some only in whole. The remaining dated loan capital outstanding at 31 December 2017 is redeemable only on maturity, subject in particular cases to provisions allowing an early redemption in the event of certain changes in tax law, or
to certain changes in legislation or regulations.

Any repayments prior to maturity require, in the case of the Company and the Bank, the
prior approval of the PRA, or in the case of the overseas issues, the approval of the local regulator for that jurisdiction and of the PRA in certain circumstances.


There are no committed facilities in existence at the balance sheet date which permit the refinancing of debt beyond the date of maturity.


250 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


30 Subordinated liabilities
continued


Other

The 7.625% Contingent Capital Notes will be automatically transferred from investors to Barclays PLC (or
another entity within the Group) for nil consideration in the event the Barclays PLC consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) falls below 7.0%.


The 7.75% Contingent Capital Notes will be automatically written-down and investors will lose their entire investment in the notes in the event the
Barclays PLC consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) falls below 7.0%.

31 Ordinary shares, share
premium, and other equity


Called up share capital, allotted and fully paid
Number of shares m   Ordinary shares £m   Share premium £m   Total share capital and share premium £m   Other equity instruments £m
As at 1 January 2017   16,963   4,241   17,601   21,842   6,449
Issued to staff under share incentive plans   46   12   74   86   –
Issuances relating to Scrip Dividend Programme   51   12   105   117   –
AT1 securities issuance   –   –   –   –   2,490
Other movements   –   –   –   –   2
As at 31 December 2017   17,060   4,265   17,780   22,045   8,941
As at 1 January 2016   16,805   4,201   17,385   21,586   5,305
Issued to staff under share incentive plans   116   30   158   188   –
Issuances relating to Scrip Dividend Programme   42   10   58   68   –
AT1 securities issuance   –   –   –   –   1,132
Other movements   –   –   –   –   12
As at 31 December 2016   16,963   4,241   17,601   21,842   6,449

Called up share capital


Called up share capital comprises 17,060m (2016: 16,963m) ordinary shares of 25p each.


Share repurchase

At the
2017 AGM on 10 May 2017, Barclays PLC was authorised to repurchase up to an aggregate of 1,696m of its ordinary shares of 25p. The authorisation is effective until the AGM in 2018 or the close of business on 30 June 2018, whichever is the
earlier. No share repurchases were made during either 2017 or 2016.

Other equity instruments


Other equity instruments of £8,941m (2016: £6,449m) include AT1 securities issued by Barclays PLC. In 2017, there were two issuances of
Fixed Rate Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities (2016: one issuance), with principal amounts totalling £2.5bn (2016: £1.1bn).


The AT1 securities are perpetual securities with no fixed maturity and are structured to qualify as AT1 instruments under CRD IV.


The principal terms of the AT1 securities are described below:


◾   AT1 securities rank behind the claims against Barclays PLC of (i) unsubordinated creditors; (ii) claims which are expressed to be subordinated to the claims of unsubordinated creditors of
Barclays PLC but not further or otherwise; or (iii) claims which are, or are expressed to be, junior to the claims of other creditors of Barclays PLC, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, other than claims which rank, or are expressed to
rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of holders of the AT1 securities.


◾   AT1 securities bear a fixed rate of interest until the initial call date. After the initial call date, in the event that they are not redeemed, the AT1 securities will bear interest at rates fixed
periodically in advance for five-year periods based on market rates.


◾   Interest on the AT1 securities will be due and payable only at the sole discretion of Barclays PLC, and Barclays PLC has sole and absolute discretion at all times and for any reason to cancel (in
whole or in part) any interest payment that would otherwise be payable on any interest payment date.


◾   AT1 securities are undated and are repayable, at the option of Barclays PLC, in whole at the initial call date, or on any fifth anniversary after the initial call date. In addition, the AT1
securities are repayable, at the option of Barclays PLC, in whole in the event of certain changes in the tax or regulatory treatment of the securities. Any repayments require the prior consent of the PRA.


All AT1 securities will be converted into ordinary shares of Barclays PLC, at a
pre-determined
 price, should
the fully loaded CET1 ratio of the Barclays PLC Group fall below 7.0%.

32 Reserves


Currency translation reserve


The currency translation reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on the retranslation of the Group’s net investment in foreign
operations, net of the effects of hedging.

Available for sale reserve


The available for sale reserve represents the unrealised change in the fair value of available for sale investments since initial recognition.


Cash flow hedging reserve

The cash flow hedging reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on effective cash flow hedging instruments that will be recycled to the income statement when the hedged transactions affect profit or loss.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 251


Notes to the financial statements


Capital instruments, equity and reserves


32 Reserves
continued


Own credit reserve

As a
result of the early adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017, own credit on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss which was previously recorded in the income statement is now recognised
within other comprehensive income. Amounts in the own credit reserve is not recycled to profit or loss in future periods.

Other
reserves and treasury shares

Other reserves relate to redeemed ordinary and preference shares issued by the Group.


Treasury shares relate to Barclays PLC shares held in relation to the Group’s various share schemes. These schemes are described in Note 34.
Treasury shares are deducted from shareholders’ equity within other reserves. A transfer is made to retained earnings in line with the vesting of treasury shares held for the purposes of share-based payments.


2017 £m   2016 £m
Currency translation reserve   3,054   3,051
Available for sale reserve   364   (74   )
Cash flow hedging reserve   1,161   2,105
Own credit reserve a   (179   )   –
Other reserves and treasury shares   983   969
Total   5,383   6,051

Note


a   As at 31 December 2017, the amount of own credit recognised in the Group’s other comprehensive income was a debit balance of £179m. Upon adoption of IFRS 9, an opening debit balance
of £175m was recognised, with a further £4m loss (net of tax) recorded during 2017.

33
Non-controlling
 interests


Profit attributable to non-controlling interest   Equity
attributable to non-controlling interest   Dividends paid to non- controlling interest
2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Barclays Bank PLC issued:
– Preference shares   242   340   1,838   2,698   242   340
– Upper Tier 2 instruments   3   3   272   272   –   –
Barclays Africa Group Limited   140   402   –   3,507   173   235
Other non-controlling interests   4   3   1   15   –   –
Total   389   748   2,111   6,492   415   575

Barclays Bank PLC


Barclays PLC holds 100% of the voting rights of Barclays Bank PLC. As at 31 December 2017, Barclays Bank PLC has in issue preference shares and
Upper Tier 2 instruments, representing 11% (2016: 11%) of its equity. Preference share dividends and redemption are typically at the discretion of Barclays Bank PLC. The payment of Upper Tier 2 instrument coupons and principal are typically at the
discretion of Barclays Bank PLC, except for coupon payments that become compulsory where Barclays PLC has declared or paid a dividend on ordinary shares in the preceding
six-month
 period. Preference share and
Upper Tier 2 instrument holders typically only have rights to redeem in the event of insolvency.


Instrument   2017 £m   2016 £m
Preference Shares:
6.00% non cumulative callable preference shares   –   203
6.278% non cumulative callable preference shares   318   318
4.75% non cumulative callable preference shares   211   211
7.1% non cumulative callable preference shares   –   657
8.125% non cumulative callable preference shares   1,309   1,309
Total Barclays Bank PLC Preference Shares   1,838   2,698
Barclays Africa Group Limited   –   277
Total   1,838   2,975
Upper Tier 2 Instruments:
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 1   93   93
Undated Floating Rate Primary Capital Notes Series 2   179   179
Total Upper Tier 2 Instruments   272   272

Protective rights of
non-controlling
 interests


Barclays Africa Group Limited


Barclays shareholding in BAGL has reduced from 50.1% in 2016 to 14.9% in 2017. Following the disposal BAGL is not considered as a subsidiary of the
Group and has been deconsolidated for accounting purposes and is accounted for as an Available For Sale asset.

Barclays Bank PLC


Barclays Bank PLC also has in issue preference shares which are
non-controlling
 interests to
the Group. Under the terms of these instruments, Barclays PLC may not pay dividends on ordinary shares until a dividend is next paid on these instruments or the instruments are redeemed or purchased by Barclays Bank PLC. There are no restrictions on
Barclays Bank PLC’s ability to remit capital to the Parent as a result of these issued instruments.


252 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


The notes included in this section focus on
the costs and commitments associated with employing our staff.


34 Share-based payments


Accounting for share-based
payments

The Group applies IFRS 2
Share-based Payments
 in accounting for employee
remuneration in the form of shares.

Employee incentives include awards in the form of shares and share
options, as well as offering employees the opportunity to purchase shares on favourable terms. The cost of the employee services received in respect of the shares or share options granted is recognised in the income statement over the period that
employees provide services. The overall cost of the award is calculated using the number of shares and options expected to vest and the fair value of the shares or options at the date of grant.


The number of shares and options expected to vest takes into account the likelihood that performance and service
conditions included in the terms of the awards will be met. Failure to meet the
non-vesting
 condition is treated as a cancellation, resulting in an acceleration of recognition of the cost of the employee
services.

The fair value of shares is the market price ruling on the grant date, in
some cases adjusted to reflect restrictions on transferability. The fair value of options granted is determined using option pricing models to estimate the numbers of shares likely to vest. These take into account the exercise price of the option,
the current share price, the risk-free interest rate, the expected volatility of the share price over the life of the option and other relevant factors. Market conditions that must be met in order for the award to vest are also reflected in the fair
value of the award, as are any other
non-vesting
 conditions – such as continuing to make payments into a share-based savings scheme.


The charge for the year arising from share-based payment schemes was as follows:


Charge for the year
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Share Value Plan   153   473   442
Deferred Share Value Plan   166   –   –
Others   186   192   86
Total equity settled   505   665   528
Cash settled   3   1   4
Total share based payments   508   666   532

The terms of the main current plans are as follows:


Share Value Plan (SVP)

The
SVP was introduced in March 2010 and approved by shareholders (for executive Director participation and use of new issue shares) at the AGM in April 2011. SVP awards are granted to participants in the form of a conditional right to receive Barclays
PLC shares or provisional allocations of Barclays PLC shares which vest or are considered for release over a period of three, five or seven years. Participants do not pay to receive an award or to receive a release of shares. The grantor may also
make a dividend equivalent payment to participants on release of a SVP award. SVP awards are also made to eligible employees for recruitment purposes. All awards are subject to potential forfeiture in certain leaver scenarios.


Deferred Share Value Plan (DSVP)

The DSVP was introduced in February 2017. The terms of the DSVP are materially the same as the terms of the SVP as described above, save that executive Directors are not eligible to participate in the DSVP and the DSVP operates over
market purchase shares only. The accounting policies for employee benefits are included in Note 8.

Other schemes


In addition to the SVP and DSVP, the Group operates a number of other schemes including schemes operated by, and settled in, the shares of
subsidiary undertakings, none of which is individually or in aggregate material in relation to the charge for the year or the dilutive effect of outstanding share options. Included within other schemes are Sharesave (both UK and overseas),
Sharepurchase (both UK and overseas), the Barclays’ Long Term Incentive Plan, the Share Incentive Award and the Executive Share Award Scheme.

Share option and award plans

The weighted average fair value per award granted, weighted average share price at
the date of exercise/release of shares during the year, weighted average contractual remaining life and number of options and awards outstanding (including those exercisable) at the balance sheet date are as follows:


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 253


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


34 Share-based payments
continued


2017   2016
Weighted average fair value per award granted in year £   Weighted average share price at exercise/ release during year £   Weighted average remaining contractual life in years   Number of options/ awards outstanding (000s)   Weighted average fair value per award granted in year £   Weighted average share price at exercise/ release during year £   Weighted average remaining contractual life in years   Number of options/ awards outstanding (000s)
SVP a,b   2.30   2.29   1   191,610   1.66   1.66   1   406,016
DSVP a,b   2.26   2.06   1   125,399   –   –   –   –
Others a   0.41-2.30   1.99-2.30   0–3   210,160   0.61-1.67   1.65-1.88   0–3   205,129

SVP and DSVP are nil cost awards on which the performance conditions are substantially completed at the date of
grant. Consequently, the fair value of these awards is based on the market value at that date.

Movements in options and awards


The movement in the number of options and awards for the major schemes and the weighted average exercise price of options was:


SVP a,b   DSVP a,b   Others a,c
Number (000s)   Number (000s)   Number (000s)   Weighted average ex. price (£)
2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016
Outstanding at beginning of year/acquisition date   406,016   386,470   –   –   205,129   166,975   1.38   1.75
Granted in the year   943   229,371   132,316   –   118,222   154,069   1.66   1.20
Exercised/released in the year   (200,350   )   (191,623   )   (2,275   )   –   (90,324   )   (60,912   )   1.52   1.39
Less: forfeited in the year   (14,999   )   (18,202   )   (4,642   )   –   (17,733   )   (47,342   )   1.42   1.95
Less: expired in the year   –   –   –   –   (5,134   )   (7,661   )   2.03   1.83
Outstanding at end of year   191,610   406,016   125,399   –   210,160   205,129   1.41   1.38
Of which exercisable:   18   –   –   –   24,569   24,435   1.59   1.78

Notes


a   Options/award granted over Barclays PLC shares.


b   Nil cost award and therefore the weighted average exercise price was nil.


c   The number of awards within Others at the end of the year principally relates to Sharesave (number of awards exercisable at end of year was 10,121,109). The weighted average exercise price relates
to Sharesave.

Certain of the Group’s share option plans enable certain Directors and employees to subscribe for new
ordinary shares of Barclays PLC. For accounting for treasury shares refer to Note 32.

There were no significant modifications to the
share based payments arrangements in 2017 and 2016.

As at 31 December 2017, the total liability arising from cash-settled share
based payments transactions was £2m (2016: £nil).

Holdings of Barclays PLC shares


Various employee benefit trusts established by the Group hold shares in Barclays PLC to meet obligations under the Barclays share based payment
schemes. The total number of Barclays shares held in these employee benefit trusts at 31 December 2017 was 9.9 million (2016: 6.6 million).

Dividend rights have been waived on all these shares. The total market value of the shares held in trust based on the year end share price of £2.03 (2016: £2.23) was £20.1m (2016: £14.7m).


254 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


35 Pensions and post-retirement benefits


Accounting for pensions and post retirement benefits


The Group operates a number of pension schemes and post-employment benefit schemes.


Defined contribution schemes
 – the Group recognises contributions due in respect of the accounting period in the income
statement. Any contributions unpaid at the balance sheet date are included as a liability.

Defined benefit
schemes
 – the Group recognises its obligations to members of each scheme at the period end, less the fair value of the scheme assets after applying the asset ceiling test. The Group will keep the developments on the proposed amendments to
IFRIC14 under review.

Each scheme’s obligations are calculated using the projected unit credit method. Scheme
assets are stated at fair value as at the period end.

Changes in pension scheme liabilities or assets (remeasurements)
that do not arise from regular pension cost, net interest on net defined benefit liabilities or assets, past service costs, settlements or contributions to the scheme, are recognised in other comprehensive income. Remeasurements comprise experience
adjustments (differences between previous actuarial assumptions and what has actually occurred), the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions, return on scheme assets (excluding amounts included in the interest on the assets) and any changes in
the effect of the asset ceiling restriction (excluding amounts included in the interest on the restriction).

Post-employment benefit schemes
 – the cost of providing health care benefits to retired employees is accrued as a liability in the financial statements over the period that the employees provide services to the Group,
using a methodology similar to that for defined benefit pension schemes.

Pension schemes


UK Retirement Fund (UKRF)


The UKRF is the Group’s main scheme, representing 96% of the Group’s total retirement benefit obligations. The UKRF was closed to new
entrants on 1 October 2012, and comprises 10 sections, the two most significant of which are:


◾   Afterwork, which comprises a contributory cash balance defined benefit element, and a voluntary defined contribution element. The cash balance element is accrued each year and revalued until Normal
Retirement Age in line with the increase in Retail Price Index (RPI) (up to a maximum of 5% p.a.). An increase of up to 2% a year may also be added at Barclays’ discretion. Between 1 October 2003 and 1 October 2012 the majority of new
UK employees (except for the employees of the investment banking business within Barclays International) were eligible to join this section. The costs of ill-health retirements and death in service benefits
for Afterwork members are borne by the UKRF. The main risks that Barclays runs in relation to Afterwork are limited although additional contributions are required if pre-retirement investment returns are not
sufficient to provide for the benefits.


◾   The 1964 Pension Scheme. Most employees recruited before July 1997 built up benefits in this non-contributory defined benefit scheme in respect of service up
to 31 March 2010. Pensions were calculated by reference to service and pensionable salary. From 1 April 2010, members became eligible to accrue future service benefits in either Afterwork or the Pension Investment Plan (PIP), a historic
defined contribution section which is now closed to future contributions. The risks that Barclays runs in relation to the 1964 section are typical of final salary pension schemes, principally that investment returns fall short of expectations, that
inflation exceeds expectations, and that retirees live longer than expected.

Barclays Pension Savings Plan (BPSP)


From 1 October 2012, a new UK pension scheme, the BPSP, was established to satisfy Auto Enrolment legislation. The BPSP is a
defined contribution scheme (Group Personal Pension) providing benefits for all new Barclays UK hires from 1 October 2012, employees of the investment banking business within Barclays International who were in PIP as at 1 October 2012, and
also all UK employees who were not members of a pension scheme at that date. As a defined contribution scheme, BPSP is not subject to the same investment return, inflation or life expectancy risks for Barclays that defined benefit schemes are.
Members’ benefits reflect contributions paid and the level of investment returns achieved.

Other


Apart from the UKRF and the BPSP, Barclays operates a number of smaller pension and long-term employee benefits and post-retirement health care
plans globally, the largest of which are the US defined benefit schemes. Many of the schemes are funded, with assets backing the obligations held in separate legal vehicles such as trusts. Others are operated on an unfunded basis. The benefits
provided, the approach to funding, and the legal basis of the schemes, reflect local environments.

Governance


The UKRF operates under trust law and is managed and administered on behalf of the members in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and Rules
and all relevant legislation. The Corporate Trustee is Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited, a private limited company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC. The Trustee is the legal owner of the assets of the UKRF which are held
separately from the assets of the Group.

The Trustee Board comprises six Management Directors selected by Barclays, of whom three are
independent Directors with no relationship with

Barclays (and who are not members of the UKRF), plus three Member Nominated Directors
selected from eligible active staff and pensioner members who apply for the role.

The BPSP is a Group Personal Pension arrangement which
operates as a collection of personal pension plans. Each personal pension plan is a direct contract between the employee and the BPSP provider (Legal & General Assurance Society Limited), and is regulated by the FCA.


Similar principles of pension governance apply to the Group’s other pension schemes, depending on local legislation.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 255


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


35 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


Amounts recognised

The
following tables include amounts recognised in the income statement and an analysis of benefit obligations and scheme assets for all Group defined benefit schemes. The net position is reconciled to the assets and liabilities recognised on the
balance sheet. The tables include funded and unfunded post-retirement benefits.


Income statement charge
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Current service cost   265   243   255
Net finance cost   (12   )   (32   )   41
Past service cost   (3   )   –   (432   )
Other movements   –   2   1
Total   250   213   (135   )

Past service costs includes a £3m (2016: £nil; 2015: £429m) gain on valuation of a component of the defined retirement
benefit liability.


Balance sheet reconciliation   2017   2016
Total £m   Of which relates to UKRF £m   Total £m   Of which relates to UKRF £m
Benefit obligation at beginning of the year   (33,033   )   (31,847   )   (28,279   )   (26,027   )
Current service cost   (265   )   (245   )   (243   )   (220   )
Interest costs on scheme liabilities   (843   )   (810   )   (1,016   )   (980   )
Past service cost   3   –   –   –
Remeasurement loss – financial   (387   )   (330   )   (7,214   )   (7,170   )
Remeasurement (loss)/gain – demographic   (228   )   (240   )   413   390
Remeasurement (loss)/gain – experience   (612   )   (614   )   525   490
Employee contributions   (5   )   (1   )   (4   )   (1   )
Benefits paid   4,970   4,927   1,852   1,800
Exchange and other movements   132   –   933   (129   )
Benefit obligation at end of the year   (30,268   )   (29,160   )   (33,033   )   (31,847   )
Fair value of scheme assets at beginning of the year   32,657   31,820   28,752   26,829
Interest income on scheme assets   855   831   1,048   1,023
Employer contribution   1,152   1,124   720   634
Remeasurement – return on scheme assets greater than discount rate   1,333   1,263   5,009   5,002
Employee contributions   5   1   4   1
Benefits paid   (4,970   )   (4,927   )   (1,852   )   (1,800   )
Exchange and other movements   (110   )   –   (1,024   )   131
Fair value of scheme assets at the end of the year   30,922   30,112   32,657   31,820
Net surplus/(deficit)   654   952   (376   )   (27   )
Retirement benefit assets   966   952   14   –
Retirement benefit liabilities   (312   )   –   (390   )   (27   )
Net retirement benefit assets/(liabilities)   654   952   (376   )   (27   )

Included within the benefit obligation was £895m (2016: £979m) relating to overseas pensions and
£213m (2016: £207m) relating to other post-employment benefits.

As at 31 December 2017, the UKRF’s scheme assets
were in surplus versus IAS 19 obligations by £952m (2016: deficit of £27m). The movement for the UKRF is mainly due to payment of deficit contributions, higher than assumed asset returns, updated mortality assumptions, and lower expected
future price inflation, offset by a decrease in discount rate, transfers out of the scheme, and the introduction of an assumption for future transfers out. Of the £4,927m (2016: £1,800m) UKRF benefits paid out, £4,151m (2016:
£1,029m) related to transfers out of the fund.

Where a scheme’s assets exceed its obligation, an asset is recognised to the
extent that it does not exceed the present value of future contribution holidays or refunds of contributions (the “asset ceiling”). In the case of the UKRF the asset ceiling is not applied as, in certain specified circumstances such as
wind-up,
 Barclays expects to be able to recover any surplus. The Trustee does not have a substantive right to augment benefits, nor do they have the right to wind up the plan except in the dissolution of the Group
or termination of contributions by the Group. The application of the asset ceiling to other plans is considered on an individual plan basis.


256 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


35 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


Critical accounting estimates and judgements

Actuarial valuation of the schemes’ obligation is dependent upon a series of assumptions. Below is a summary of the main financial and demographic assumptions adopted for the UKRF.


Key UKRF financial assumptions   2017 % p.a.   2016 % p.a.
Discount rate   2.46   2.62
Inflation rate (RPI)   3.22   3.35

The UKRF discount rate assumption for 2017 was based on a variant of the standard Willis Towers Watson RATE Link
model. This variant includes all bonds rated AA by at least one of the four major ratings agencies, and assumes that yields after year 30 are flat. The RPI inflation assumption for 2017 was set by reference to the Bank of England’s implied
inflation spot curve, assuming the spot curve remains flat after 30 years. The inflation assumption incorporates a deduction of 20 basis points as an allowance for an inflation risk premium. The methodology used to derive the discount rate and price
inflation assumptions is consistent with that used at the prior year end, except the inflation spot curve was held flat after 25 years at 2016.

The UKRF’s post-retirement mortality assumptions are based on a best estimate assumption derived from an analysis in 2016 of Barclays own post-retirement mortality experience, and taking account of recent evidence from
published mortality surveys. An allowance has been made for future mortality improvements based on the 2016 core projection model published by the Continuous Mortality Investigation Bureau subject to a long-term trend of 1.25% pa in future
improvements. The methodology used is consistent with the prior year end, except that the 2015 core projection model was used at 2016. The table below shows how the assumed life expectancy at 60, for members of the UKRF, has varied over the past
three years:


Assumed life expectancy   2017   2016   2015
Life expectancy at 60 for current pensioners (years)
– Males   27.8   27.9   28.4
– Females   29.4   29.7   30.0
Life expectancy at 60 for future pensioners currently aged 40 (years)
– Males   29.3   29.7   30.2
– Females   31.0   31.7   32.0

An assumption for future transfers out has been introduced at 2017, increasing the benefit obligation by about 2%,
as numbers of deferred members transferring out were at higher levels in 2017 than previously experienced. The assumption introduced is that 20% of the benefit obligations in respect of deferred members will transfer out during 2018, 15% in 2019,
10% in 2020, 5% in 2021, tapering down to 0% from 2022 onwards. The assumption used at 2016 was nil transfers out.

Sensitivity
analysis on actuarial assumptions

The sensitivity analysis has been calculated by valuing the UKRF liabilities using the amended
assumptions shown in the table below and keeping the remaining assumptions the same as disclosed in the table above, except in the case of the inflation sensitivity where other assumptions that depend on assumed inflation have also been amended
correspondingly. The difference between the recalculated liability figure and that stated in the balance sheet reconciliation table above is the figure shown. The selection of these movements to illustrate the sensitivity of the defined benefit
obligation to key assumptions should not be interpreted as Barclays expressing any specific view of the probability of such movements happening.


Change in key assumptions
2017   2016
(Decrease)/ Increase in UKRF defined benefit obligation £bn   (Decrease)/ Increase in UKRF defined benefit obligation £bn
Discount rate
0.5% p.a. increase   (2.4   )   (2.8   )
0.25% p.a. increase   (1.2   )   (1.4   )
0.25% p.a. decrease   1.3   1.5
0.5% p.a. decrease   2.8   3.2
Assumed RPI
0.5% p.a. increase   1.6   1.9
0.25% p.a. increase   0.8   0.9
0.25% p.a. decrease   (0.7   )   (0.9   )
0.5% p.a. decrease   (1.5   )   (2.0   )
Life expectancy at 60
One year increase   1.0   1.1
One year decrease   (1.0   )   (1.1   )

The weighted average duration of the benefit payments reflected in the defined benefit obligation for the UKRF is 20
years.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 257


Notes to the financial statements


Employee benefits


35 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


Assets

A long-term
investment strategy has been set for the UKRF, with its asset allocation comprising a mixture of equities, bonds, property and other appropriate assets. This recognises that different asset classes are likely to produce different long-term returns
and some asset classes may be more volatile than others. The long-term investment strategy ensures, among other aims, that investments are adequately diversified. Asset managers are permitted some flexibility to vary the asset allocation from the
long-term investment strategy within control ranges agreed with the

Trustee from time to time.


The UKRF also employs derivative instruments, where appropriate, to achieve a desired exposure or return, or to match assets more closely to
liabilities. The value of assets shown reflects the assets held by the scheme, with any derivative holdings reflected on a fair value basis.

The value of the assets of the schemes and their percentage in relation to total scheme assets were as follows:


Analysis of scheme assets
Total   Of which relates to UKRF
Value £m   % of total fair value of scheme assets %   Value £m   % of total fair value of scheme assets %
As at 31 December 2017
Equities – quoted   4,377   14.1   4,151   13.8
Equities – non-quoted   2,001   6.5   2,001   6.6
Bonds – fixed government a   2,433   7.9   2,184   7.3
Bonds – index-linked government a   13,089   42.3   13,078   43.4
Bonds – corporate and other a   5,195   16.8   4,999   16.6
Property – commercial b   1,911   6.2   1,902   6.3
Derivatives b   816   2.6   816   2.7
Other c   1,100   3.6   981   3.3
Fair value of scheme assets   30,922   100.0   30,112   100.0
As at 31 December 2016
Equities – quoted   8,123   24.9   7,840   24.6
Equities – non-quoted   2,043   6.3   2,042   6.4
Bonds – fixed government a   1,330   4.1   1,072   3.4
Bonds – index-linked government a   13,173   40.3   13,165   41.4
Bonds – corporate and other a   5,222   16.0   5,054   15.9
Property – commercial b   1,630   5.0   1,622   5.1
Derivatives b   870   2.7   870   2.7
Other c   266   0.7   155   0.5
Fair value of scheme assets   32,657   100.0   31,820   100.0

Notes


a   Assets held are predominately quoted.


b   Assets held are predominantly non-quoted.


c   Assets held are predominantly in Infrastructure Funds.

Included within
the fair value of scheme assets were: £0.1m (2016: £0.2m) relating to shares in Barclays PLC and £0.6m (2016: £0.1m) relating to bonds issued by Barclays PLC. The UKRF also invests in pooled investment vehicles which may hold
shares or debt issued by Barclays PLC.

The UKRF scheme assets also include £15m (2016: £32m) relating to UK private equity
investments and £1,986m (2016: £2,009m) relating to overseas private equity investments. These are disclosed above within Equities –
non-quoted.


Approximately 48% of the UKRF assets are invested in liability-driven investment strategies; primarily UK gilts as well as interest rate and
inflation swaps. These are used to better match the assets to its liabilities. The swaps are used to reduce the scheme’s inflation and duration risks against its liabilities.


Funding

The Scheme Actuary
prepares an annual update of the UKRF funding position in addition to the full triennial actuarial valuation. The latest annual update was carried out as at 30 September 2017 and showed a deficit of £4.8bn and a funding level of 86.8%.


The last triennial actuarial valuation of the UKRF had an effective date of 30 September 2016 and was completed in July 2017. This
valuation showed a funding deficit of £7.9bn and a funding level of 81.5%, versus £6.0bn funding deficit at the 30 September 2015 update.

The improvement in funding position between 30 September 2016 and 30 September 2017 was largely due to payment of deficit contributions, higher than assumed asset returns, higher Government bond yields, and transfers out
of the scheme.


258 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


35 Pensions and post-retirement benefits
continued


At the 2016 triennial actuarial valuation the Group and UKRF Trustee agreed a revised scheme-specific funding target, statement of funding
principles, schedule of contributions, a recovery plan to seek to eliminate the deficit relative to the funding target and some additional support measures. The agreement with the UKRF Trustee also takes into account the changes to the Group
structure that will be implemented as a result of ring-fencinga. Barclays Bank PLC will remain as the principal employer of the UKRF.


The main differences between the funding and IAS 19 assumptions were a different approach to setting the discount rate and a more conservative
longevity assumption for funding.

The deficit reduction contributions agreed with the UKRF Trustee as part of the 30 September 2016
valuation recovery plan are shown alongside the deficit recovery contributions agreed in 2014 for the prior 30 September 2013 valuation.


Year   Deficit contributions 30 September 2016 valuation £m   Deficit contributions 30 September 2013 valuation £m
2017   740   1,240 b
2018   500   740
2019   500   740
2020   500   740
2021   1,000   240 b
2022 to 2026   1,000 each year   –

Note


a   Refer to page 162 of the Annual Report for further information on structural reform.


b   The 2017 deficit contributions from the 30 September 2013 valuation included up to £500m payable if the deficit in 2017 exceeded a certain level. Of this £500m, £250m was
paid during the first half of 2017. Following the agreement of the 30 September 2016 valuation recovery plan, in July 2017, the remaining payments were no longer required.


The deficit reduction contributions are in addition to the regular contributions to meet the Group’s share of the cost of benefits accruing
over each year. The next funding valuation of the UKRF is due to be completed in 2020 with an effective date of 30 September 2019.


Other support measures agreed at the same time as the valuation


Collateral – The UKRF Trustee and Barclays Bank PLC have entered into an arrangement whereby a collateral pool has been put in place to provide
security for the UKRF funding deficit as it increases or decreases over time, and associated deficit recovery contributions. The collateral pool is currently made up of government securities and high quality securitisations of credit cards,
mortgages and corporate loans. Agreement has been made with the Trustee to increase the proportion of the deficit covered from 88.5% to 100% effective from 26 March 2018 with an overall cap remaining of £9.0bn, at which date the
collateral pool will consist of government securities only (the Trustees and Barclays Bank PLC may agree alternative eligible collateral in the future). The arrangement provides the UKRF Trustee with dedicated access to the pool of assets in the
event of Barclays Bank PLC not paying a deficit reduction contribution to the UKRF or in the event of Barclays Bank PLC’s insolvency. These assets are included within Note 40.


Support from Barclays PLC – In the event of Barclays Bank PLC not paying a deficit reduction contribution payment required under the 2016
valuation recovery plan by a specified
pre-payment
 date, Barclays PLC has entered into an arrangement whereby it will be required to use, in first priority, dividends received from Barclays Bank UK PLC (if
any) to invest the proceeds in Barclays Bank PLC (up to the maximum amount of the deficit reduction contribution unpaid by Barclays Bank PLC). The proceeds of the investment will be used to discharge Barclays Bank PLC’s unpaid deficit reduction
contribution.

Participation – As permitted under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Banking Reform) (Pensions)
Regulations 2015, Barclays Bank UK PLC is a participating employer in the UKRF and will remain so during a transitional phase until September 2025 as set out in a deed of participation. Barclays Bank UK PLC will make contributions for the future
service of its employees who are currently Afterwork members and, in the event of Barclays Bank PLC’s insolvency during this period provision has been made to require Barclays Bank UK PLC to become the principal employer of the UKRF. Barclays
Bank PLC’s Section 75 debt would be triggered by the insolvency (the debt would be calculated after allowing for the payment to the UKRF of the collateral above).


Defined benefit contributions paid with respect to the UKRF were as follows:


Contributions paid
£m
2017   1,124
2016   634
2015   586

Included within the Group’s contributions paid were £153m (2016: £112m; 2015: £nil)
Section 75 contributions.

The Group’s expected contribution to the UKRF in respect of defined benefits in 2018 is £716m
(2017: £1,585m). In addition, the expected contributions to UK defined contribution schemes in 2018 is £35m (2017: £36m) to the UKRF and £146m (2017: £124m) to the BPSP.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 259


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


The section presents information on the
Group’s investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures

and associates and its interests in structured entities. Detail
is also given on securitisation

transactions the Group has entered into and arrangements that are held
off-balance
 sheet.


36 Principal subsidiaries


Barclays applies IFRS 10
Consolidated Financial Statements.
 The consolidated financial statements combine
the financial statements of Barclays PLC and all its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. Under IFRS 10, this is when the Group is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement in the entity and
has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.

The Group reassesses whether it controls an
entity if facts and circumstances indicate that there have been changes to its power, its rights to variable returns or its ability to use its power to affect the amount of its returns.


Intra-group transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation and consistent accounting policies are used throughout the
Group for the purposes of the consolidation. Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions if they occur after control has been obtained and they do not result in loss of control.


The significant judgements used in applying this policy are set out below.


Accounting for investment in subsidiaries


In the individual financial statements of Barclays PLC, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less
impairment.

Principal subsidiaries for the Group are set out below. This includes those subsidiaries that are most
significant in the context of the Group’s business, results or financial position.


Company Name   Principal place of business or incorporation   Nature of business   Percentage of voting rights held %   Non-controlling interests – proportion of ownership interests %   Non-controlling interests - proportion of voting interests %
Barclays Bank PLC   England   Banking, holding Company   100   11   –
Barclays Capital Securities Limited   England   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Securities Japan Limited   Japan   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Capital Inc   United States   Securities dealing   100   –   –
Barclays Services Limited   England   Service Company   100   –   –
Barclays Bank Delaware   United States   Credit card issuer   100   –   –

The country of registration or incorporation is also the principal area of operation of each of the above
subsidiaries.

Ownership interests are in some cases different to voting interests due to the existence of

non-voting
 equity interests, such as preference shares. Refer to Note 33 for more information.


Barclays Africa Group Limited was considered a principal subsidiary in 2016. During 2017 Barclays reduced its shareholding in BAGL. This resulted in
the deconsolidation of BAGL from the Group as of 1 June 2017, with the residual holding recognised as an available for sale investment.

Determining whether the Group has control of an entity is generally straightforward based on ownership of the majority of the voting capital. However, in certain instances, this determination will involve judgement, particularly in
the case of structured entities where voting rights are often not the determining factor in decisions over the relevant activities. This judgement may involve assessing the purpose and design of the entity. It will also often be necessary to
consider whether the Group, or another involved party with power over the relevant activities, is acting as a principal in its own right or as an agent on behalf of others.


There is also often considerable judgement involved in the ongoing assessment of control over structured entities. In this regard, where market
conditions have deteriorated such that the other investors’ exposures to the structure’s variable returns have been substantively eliminated, the Group may conclude that the managers of the structured entity are acting as its agent and
therefore will consolidate the structured entity.

An interest in equity voting rights exceeding 50% would typically indicate that the
Group has control of an entity. However, the entity set out below is excluded from consolidation because the Group does not have exposure to its variable returns.


Country of registration or incorporation   Company name   Percentage of voting rights held (%)   Equity shareholders’ funds (£m)   Retained profit for the year (£m)
Cayman Islands   Palomino Limited   100   9   7


260 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


36 Principal subsidiaries
continued

This entity is managed by an external counterparty and consequently is not controlled by the Group. Interests relating to this entity are included in Note 37.


Significant restrictions

As
is typical for a Group of its size and international scope, there are restrictions on the ability of Barclays PLC to obtain distributions of capital, access the assets or repay the liabilities of members of its Group due to the statutory, regulatory
and contractual requirements of its subsidiaries and due to the protective rights of
non-controlling
 interests. These are considered below.


Regulatory requirements


Barclays’ principal subsidiary companies have assets and liabilities before intercompany eliminations of £1,407bn (2016: £1,553bn)
and £1,341bn (2016: £1,480bn) respectively. The assets and liabilities are subject to prudential regulation and regulatory capital requirements in the countries in which they are regulated. These require entities to maintain minimum
capital levels which cannot be returned to the Parent company, Barclays PLC on a going concern basis.

In order to meet capital
requirements, subsidiaries may hold certain equity-accounted and debt-accounted issued financial instruments and
non-equity
 instruments such as Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments and other forms of
subordinated liabilities. Refer to Note 33 and Note 30 for particulars of these instruments. These instruments may be subject to cancellation clauses or preference share restrictions that would limit the ability of the entity to repatriate the
capital on a timely basis.

Liquidity requirements


Regulated subsidiaries of the Group are required to meet PRA and local regulatory requirements pertaining to liquidity. Some of the subsidiaries
affected are Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Capital Inc which must maintain daily compliance with the regulatory minimum. See pages 124 to 136 for further details of liquidity requirements, including those of our significant subsidiaries.


Statutory requirements

The Group’s subsidiaries are subject to statutory requirements not to make distributions of capital and unrealised profits and generally to maintain solvency. These requirements restrict the ability of subsidiaries to make
remittances of dividends to Barclays PLC, the ultimate parent, except in the event of a legal capital reduction or liquidation. In most cases, the regulatory restrictions referred to above exceed the statutory restrictions.


Contractual requirements


Asset encumbrance

The Group
uses its financial assets to raise finance in the form of securitisations and through the liquidity schemes of central banks. Once encumbered, the assets are not available for transfer around the Group. The assets typically affected are disclosed in
Note 40.

Assets held by consolidated structured entities


None of the assets (2016: £99m) included in the Group’s balance sheet relate to consolidated investment funds, held to pay return and
principal to the holders of units in the funds. Any assets held in these funds cannot be transferred to other members of the Group. The decrease since 2016 is due to the sale of the French Funds Business.


Other restrictions

The
Group is required to maintain balances with central banks and other regulatory authorities, and these amounted to £3,360m (2016: £4,254m).

37 Structured entities

A structured entity is an entity in which voting or similar rights are not the dominant
factor in deciding control. Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities.


Depending on the Group’s power over the activities of the entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may
consolidate the entity. In other cases, it may sponsor or have exposure to such an entity but not consolidate it.

Consolidated
structured entities

The Group has contractual arrangements which may require it to provide financial support to the following types
of consolidated structured entities:

Securitisation vehicles


The Group uses securitisation as a source of financing and a means of risk transfer. Refer to Note 39 for further detail.


The Group, in previous periods, has provided liquidity facilities to certain securitisation vehicles. At 31 December 2017, there were no
outstanding loan commitments to these entities (2016: £152m).

Commercial paper (CP) and medium-term note conduits


The Group provided £10.2bn (2016: £9bn) in undrawn contractual backstop liquidity facilities to CP conduits.


Fund management entities

In
previous periods, Barclays had contractually guaranteed the performance of certain cash investments in a number of managed investment funds which resulted in their consolidation. As at 31 December 2017, the notional value of the guarantees were
£nil (2016: £99m) as the European Wealth Funds associated with these guarantees were either closed or ownership has been transferred outside the Group and they are no longer consolidated.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 261


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


37 Structured entities
continued

Employee benefit and other trusts

The Group provides capital contributions to employee share trusts to enable
them to meet their obligations to employees under share-based payment plans. During 2017, the Group provided undrawn liquidity facilities of £1.8bn (2016: £0.4bn) to certain trusts.


Unconsolidated structured entities in which the Group has an interest


An interest in a structured entity is any form of contractual or
non-contractual
 involvement which creates
variability in returns arising from the performance of the entity for the Group. Such interests include holdings of debt or equity securities, derivatives that transfer financial risks from the entity to the Group, lending, loan commitments,
financial guarantees and investment management agreements.

Interest rate swaps, foreign exchange derivatives that are not complex and
which expose the Group to insignificant credit risk by being senior in the payment waterfall of a securitisation and derivatives that are determined to introduce risk or variability to a structured entity are not considered to be an interest in an
entity and have been excluded from the disclosures below.

The nature and extent of the Group’s interests in structured entities is
summarised below:


Summary of interests in unconsolidated structured entities
Secured financing £m   Short-term traded interests £m   Traded derivatives £m   Other interests £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Assets
Trading portfolio assets   –   10,788   –   699   11,487
Financial assets designated at fair value   31,520   –   –   2,721   34,241
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   4,380   –   4,380
Loans and advances to banks   –   –   –   –   –
Loans and advances to customers   5,481   –   –   17,386   22,867
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   753   –   –   –   753
Other assets   –   –   –   509   509
Total assets   37,754   10,788   4,380   21,315   74,237
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   5,193   3,356   8,549
As at 31 December 2016
Assets
Trading portfolio assets   –   8,436   –   516   8,952
Financial assets designated at fair value   22,706   –   –   367   23,073
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   4,731   2,130   6,861
Loans and advances to banks   –   –   –   4,915   4,915
Loans and advances to customers   –   –   –   24,142   24,142
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   6,338   –   –   –   6,338
Other assets   –   –   –   919   919
Total assets   29,044   8,436   4,731   32,989   75,200
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   3,567   2,130   5,697

Secured financing arrangements, short-term traded interests and traded derivatives are typically managed under
market risk management policies described on page 118 which includes an indication of the change of risk measures compared to last year. For this reason, the total assets of these entities are not considered meaningful for the purposes of
understanding the related risks and so have not been presented. Other interests include conduits and lending where the interest is driven by normal customer demand.


Secured financing

The Group
routinely enters into reverse repurchase contracts, stock borrowing and similar arrangements on normal commercial terms where the counterparty to the arrangement is a structured entity. Due to the nature of these arrangements, especially the
transfer of collateral and ongoing margining, the Group has minimal exposure to the performance of the structured entity counterparty. This includes margin lending which is presented under Loans and advances to customers in 2017 to align to the
balance sheet presentation. In 2016 margin lending was presented in Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending within Note 37. A description of these transactions is included in Note 22.


Short-term traded interests


The Group buys and sells interests in structured entities as part of its trading activities, for example, retail mortgage backed securities,
collateralised debt obligations and similar interests. Such interests are typically held individually or as part of a larger portfolio for no more than 90 days. In such cases, the Group typically has no other involvement with the structured entity
other than the securities it holds as part of trading activities and its maximum exposure to loss is restricted to the carrying value of the asset.

As at 31 December 2017, £9,645m (2016: £6,568m) of the Group’s £10,788m (2016: £8,436m) short-term traded interests were comprised of debt securities issued by asset securitisation vehicles.


262 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


37 Structured entities
continued

Traded derivatives

The Group enters into a variety of derivative contracts with structured entities which
reference market risk variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and credit indices among other things. The main derivative types which are considered interests in structured entities include index-based and entity specific credit
default swaps, balance guaranteed swaps, total return swaps, commodities swaps, and equity swaps. A description of the types of derivatives and the risk management practices are detailed in Note 15. The risk of loss may be mitigated through ongoing
margining requirements as well as a right to cash flows from the structured entity which are senior in the payment waterfall. Such margining requirements are consistent with market practice for many derivative arrangements and in line with the
Group’s normal credit policies.

Derivative transactions require the counterparty to provide cash or other collateral under
margining agreements to mitigate counterparty credit risk. The Group is mainly exposed to settlement risk on these derivatives which is mitigated through daily margining. Total notionals amounted to £1,680,615m (2016: £1,183,215m).


Except for credit default swaps where the maximum exposure to loss is the swap notional amount, it is not possible to estimate the
maximum exposure to loss in respect of derivative positions as the fair value of derivatives is subject to changes in market rates of interest, exchange rates and credit indices which by their nature are uncertain. In addition, the Group’s
losses would be subject to mitigating action under its traded market risk and credit risk policies that require the counterparty to provide collateral in cash or other assets in most cases.


Other interests in unconsolidated structured entities


The Group’s interests in structured entities not held for the purposes of short-term trading activities are set out below, summarised by the
purpose of the entities and limited to significant categories, based on maximum exposure to loss.


Nature of interest
Multi-seller conduit programmes £m   Lending £m   Investment funds and trusts £m   Others £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Trading portfolio assets
– Debt securities   –   –   –   699   699
Financial assets designated at fair value
– Loans and advances   –   –   –   2,721   2,721
Loans and advances to banks   –   –   –   –   –
Loans and advances to customers   5,424   11,497   –   465   17,386
Other assets   468   11   8   22   509
Total on balance sheet exposures   5,892   11,508   8   3,907   21,315
Total off balance sheet notional amounts   6,270   6,337   –   446   13,053
Maximum exposure to loss   12,162   17,845   8   4,353   34,368
Total assets of the entity   103,057   179,994   11,137   22,669   316,857
As at 31 December 2016
Trading portfolio assets
– Debt securities   –   –   –   441   441
– Equity securities   –   –   –   75   75
Financial assets designated at fair value
– Loans and advances   –   260   –   4   264
– Debt securities   –   50   –   48   98
– Equity securities   –   –   –   5   5
Derivative financial instruments   –   –   –   2,130   2,130
Loans and advances to banks   –   4,890   –   25   4,915
Loans and advances to customers   6,016   16,754   –   1,372   24,142
Other assets   5   7   13   894   919
Total on balance sheet exposures   6,021   21,961   13   4,994   32,989
Total off balance sheet notional amounts   2,734   9,873   –   1,739   14,346
Maximum exposure to loss   8,755   31,834   13   6,733   47,335
Total assets of the entity   75,535   492,950   18,550   39,342   626,377

Maximum exposure to loss


Unless specified otherwise below, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss is the total of its
on-balance

sheet positions and its
off-balance
 sheet arrangements, being loan commitments and financial guarantees. Exposure to loss is mitigated through collateral, financial guarantees, the availability of netting and
credit protection held.

Multi-seller conduit programme


The multi-seller conduit engages in providing financing to various clients and holds whole or partial interests in pools of receivables or similar
obligations. These instruments are protected from loss through over-collateralisation, seller guarantees, or other credit enhancements provided to the conduit. The Group’s off-balance sheet exposure included in the table above represents
liquidity facilities that are provided to the conduit for the benefit of the holders of the commercial paper issued by the conduit and will only be drawn where the conduit is unable to access the commercial paper market. If these liquidity
facilities are drawn, the Group is protected from loss through over-collateralisation, seller guarantees, or other credit enhancements provided to the conduit.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 263


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


37 Structured entities
continued

Lending

The portfolio includes lending provided by the Group to unconsolidated structured entities in the normal
course of its lending business to earn income in the form of interest and lending fees and includes loans to structured entities that are generally collateralised by property, equipment or other assets. All loans are subject to the Group’s
credit sanctioning process. Collateral arrangements are specific to the circumstances of each loan with additional guarantees and collateral sought from the sponsor of the structured entity for certain arrangements. During the period the Group
incurred an impairment of £11m (2016: £24m) against such facilities.

Investment funds and trusts


In the course of its fund management activities, the Group establishes pooled investment funds that comprise investments of various kinds, tailored
to meet certain investors’ requirements. The Group’s interest in funds is generally restricted to a fund management fee, the value of which is typically based on the performance of the fund.


The Group acts as trustee to a number of trusts established by or on behalf of its clients. The purpose of the trusts, which meet the definition of
structured entities, is to hold assets on behalf of beneficiaries. The Group’s interest in trusts is generally restricted to unpaid fees which, depending on the trust, may be fixed or based on the value of the trust assets. Barclays has no
other risk exposure to the trusts.

Other


This includes fair value loans with structured entities where the market risk is materially hedged with corresponding derivative contracts,
interests in debt securities issued by securitisation vehicles and drawn and undrawn loan facilities to these entities.

Assets
transferred to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities

Assets transferred to sponsored unconsolidated structured entities were
immaterial.

38 Investments in associates and joint ventures


Accounting for associates
and joint ventures

Barclays applies IAS 28
Investments in Associates
 and IFRS 11
Joint
Arrangements.
 Associates are entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies. Generally the Group holds more than 20%, but less than 50%, of their voting shares. Joint ventures
are arrangements where the Group has joint control and rights to the net assets of the entity.

The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are initially recorded at cost and increased (or decreased) each year by the Group’s share of the post acquisition profit/(loss). The Group ceases to recognise its
share of the losses of equity accounted associates when its share of the net assets and amounts due from the entity have been written off in full, unless it has a contractual or constructive obligation to make good its share of the losses. In some
cases, investments in these entities may be held at fair value through profit or loss, for example, those held by private equity businesses.

There are no individually significant investments in joint ventures or associates held by Barclays.


2017   2016
Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Total £m   Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Total £m
Equity accounted   402   316   718   321   363   684
Held at fair value through profit or loss   –   447   447   –   484   484
Total   402   763   1,165   321   847   1,168
Summarised financial information for the
Group’s equity accounted associates and joint ventures is set out below. The amounts shown are the net income of the investees, not just the Group’s share for the year ended 31 December 2017, with the exception of certain undertakings
for which the amounts are based on accounts made up to dates not earlier than three months before the balance sheet date.
Associates   Joint ventures
2017 £m   2016 £m   2017 £m   2016 £m
Profit from continuing operations   117   33   77   64
Other comprehensive expense   –   –   (15   )   19
Total comprehensive income from continuing operations   117   33   62   83

Unrecognised shares of the losses of individually immaterial associates and joint ventures were £nil (2016:
£nil).

The Group’s associates and joint ventures are subject to statutory or contractual requirements such that they cannot
make remittances of dividends or make loan repayments to Barclays PLC without agreement from the external parties.

The Group’s
share of commitments and contingencies of its associates and joint ventures comprised unutilised credit facilities provided to customers of £1,712m (2016: £1,755m). In addition, the Group has made commitments to finance or otherwise
provide resources to its joint ventures and associates of £246m (2016: £263m).


264 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


39 Securitisations


Accounting for securitisations


The Group uses securitisations as a source of finance and a means of risk transfer. Such transactions generally
result in the transfer of contractual cash flows from portfolios of financial assets to holders of issued debt securities.


Securitisations may, depending on the individual arrangement, result in continued recognition
of the securitised assets and the recognition of the debt securities issued in the transaction; lead to partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in those assets or to derecognition of the
assets and the separate recognition, as assets or liabilities, of any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. Full derecognition only occurs when the Group transfers both its contractual right to receive cash flows from the
financial assets, or retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows, but assumes a contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to another party without material delay or reinvestment, and also transfers substantially all the risks and
rewards of ownership, including credit risk, prepayment risk and interest rate risk.

In the
course of its normal banking activities, the Group makes transfers of financial assets, either where legal rights to the cash flows from the asset are passed to the counterparty or beneficially, where the Group retains the rights to the cash flows
but assumes a responsibility to transfer them to the counterparty. Depending on the nature of the transaction, this may result in derecognition of the assets in their entirety, partial derecognition or no derecognition of the assets subject to the
transfer.

A summary of the main transactions, and the assets and liabilities and the financial risks
arising from these transactions, is set out below:

Transfers of financial assets that do not result
in derecognition

Securitisations


The Group was party to securitisation transactions involving its residential mortgage loans and credit card
balances.

In these transactions, the assets, interests in the assets, or beneficial interests in the
cash flows arising from the assets, are transferred to a special purpose entity, which then issues interest bearing debt securities to third party investors.


Securitisations may, depending on the individual arrangement, result in continued recognition of the securitised
assets and the recognition of the debt securities issued in the transaction. Partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in those assets can also occur or derecognition of the assets and the
separate recognition, as assets or liabilities, of any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer.

The following table shows the carrying amount of securitised assets that have not resulted in full derecognition, together with the associated liabilities, for each category of asset on the balance sheet:


2017   2016
Assets   Liabilities   Assets   Liabilities
Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m
Loans and advances to customers
Residential mortgage loans   –   –   –   –   125   120   (107   )   (107   )
Credit cards, unsecured and other retail lending   3,772   3,757   (3,635   )   (3,626   )   5,094   5,084   (4,926   )   (4,931   )
Total   3,772   3,757   (3,635   )   (3,626   )   5,219   5,204   (5,033   )   (5,038   )

Balances included within loans and advances to customers represent securitisations where substantially all the risks
and rewards of the asset have been retained by the Group.

The relationship between the transferred assets and the associated liabilities
is that holders of notes may only look to cash flows from the securitised assets for payments of principal and interest due to them under the terms of their notes, although the contractual terms of their notes may be different to the maturity and
interest of the transferred assets.

For transfers of assets in relation to repurchase agreements, refer to Note 22 and Note 40.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 265


Notes to the financial statements


Scope of consolidation


39 Securitisations
continued


Continuing involvement in financial assets that have been derecognised


In some cases, the Group may have transferred a financial asset in its entirety but may have continuing involvement in it. This arises in asset
securitisations where loans and asset backed securities were derecognised as a result of the Group’s involvement, mainly with CLOs and CMBS. Continuing involvement largely arises from providing financing into these structures in the form of
retained notes, which do not bear first losses.

The table below shows the potential financial implications of such continuing
involvement:


Continuing involvement a   Gain/(loss) from continuing involvement
Type of transfer   Carrying amount £m   Fair value £m   Maximum exposure to loss £m   For the year ended £m   Cumulative to 31 December £m
2017
CLO and other assets   –   –   –   –   –
Commercial mortgage backed securities   94   94   94   1   1
Total   94   94   94   1   1
2016
CLO and other assets   10   10   10   –   (3   )
Commercial mortgage backed securities   –   –   –   –   –
Total   10   10   10   –   (3   )

Note

a Assets which represent the Group’s continuing involvement in derecognised assets are recorded in Loans and advances and Trading portfolio assets.


40 Assets pledged

Assets
are pledged as collateral to secure liabilities under repurchase agreements, securitisations and stock lending agreements or as security deposits relating to derivatives. Assets pledged as collateral include all assets categorised as encumbered in
the disclosure on page 129 (unaudited), other than those held in commercial paper conduits. In these transactions, Barclays will be required to step in to provide financing itself under a liquidity facility if the vehicle cannot access the
commercial paper market. The following table summarises the nature and carrying amount of the assets pledged as security against these liabilities:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Trading portfolio assets   73,899   51,241
Financial assets at fair value   4,798   3,195
Loans and advances to customers   41,772   30,414
Cash collateral   56,351   68,797
Financial investments   15,058   13,053
Non current assets held for sale   –   117
Assets pledged   191,878   166,817

Barclays has an additional £9bn (2016: £14bn) of loans and advances within its asset backed funding
programmes that can readily be used to raise additional secured funding and are available to support future issuance.

Total assets
pledged includes a collateral pool put in place to provide security for the UKRF funding deficit. Refer to Note 35 for further details.


Collateral held as security for assets

Under certain transactions, including reverse repurchase agreements and stock borrowing transactions, the Group is allowed to resell or
re-pledge
 the collateral held. The fair value at the
balance sheet date of collateral accepted and
re-pledged
 to others was as follows:


2017 £m   2016 £m
Fair value of securities accepted as collateral   608,412   466,975
Of which fair value of securities re-pledged/transferred to others   547,637   405,582

Additional disclosure has been included in collateral and other credit enhancements (see pages 89 to 99).


266 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


The notes included in this section focuses on related party transactions, Auditors’ remuneration and directors’
remuneration. Related parties include any subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures, entities under common directorships and Key Management Personnel.

41 Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration


Related party transactions


Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party
in making financial or operational decisions, or one other party controls both. The definition includes subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and the Group’s pension schemes.


Subsidiaries

Transactions
between Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries also meet the definition of related party transactions. Where these are eliminated on consolidation, they are not disclosed in the Group Financial Statements. Transactions between Barclays PLC and its
subsidiary, Barclays Bank PLC, are fully disclosed in Barclays PLC’s balance sheet and income statement. A list of the Group’s principal subsidiaries is shown in Note 36.


Associates, joint ventures and other entities

The Group provides banking services to its associates, joint ventures, the Group pension funds (principally the UK Retirement Fund) and to entities under common directorships, providing loans, overdrafts, interest and
non-interest
 bearing deposits and current accounts to these entities as well as other services. Group companies also provide investment management and custodian services to the Group pension schemes. The Group also
provides banking services for unit trusts and investment funds managed by Group companies, which are not individually material. All of these transactions are conducted on the same terms as third party transactions. Summarised financial information
for the Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures is set out in Note 38.

Amounts included in the Group’s financial
statements, in aggregate, by category of related party entity are as follows:


Associates £m   Joint ventures £m   Pension funds, unit trusts and investment funds £m
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2017
Income/(expense)   (20   )   38   4
Impairment releases   2   –   –
Total assets   2   1,048   2
Total liabilities   75   2   162
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2016
Income/(expense)   (20   )   7   4
Impairment charges   (13   )   –   –
Total assets   72   2,244   –
Total liabilities   94   95   260
For the year ended and as at 31 December 2015
Income/(expense)   (19   )   40   4
Impairment charges   (4   )   (2   )   –
Total assets   36   1,578   –
Total liabilities   158   133   184

Guarantees, pledges or commitments given in respect of these transactions in the year were £27m (2016:
£940m) predominantly relating to joint ventures. No guarantees, pledges or commitments were received in the year. Derivatives transacted on behalf of the pensions funds, unit trusts and investment funds were £3m (2016: £3m).


Key Management Personnel

The Group’s Key Management Personnel, and persons connected with them, are also considered to be related parties for disclosure purposes. Key Management Personnel are defined as those persons having authority and responsibility
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of Barclays PLC (directly or indirectly) and comprise the Directors of Barclays PLC and the Officers of the Group, certain direct reports of the Group Chief Executive and the heads of major
business units and functions.

There were no material related party transactions with entities under common directorship where a Director
or other member of Key Management Personnel (or any connected person) is also a Director or other member of Key Management Personnel (or any connected person) of Barclays.


The Group provides banking services to Directors and other Key Management Personnel and persons connected to them. Transactions during the year and
the balances outstanding were as follows:


Loans outstanding
2017 £m   2016 £m
As at 1 January   9.2   9.8
Loans issued during the year   0.5   0.6
Loan repayments during the year/change of key management personnel   (4.9   )   (1.2   )
As at 31 December   4.8   9.2


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 267


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


41 Related party transactions and Directors’ remuneration
continued


No allowances for impairment were recognised in respect of loans to Directors or other members of Key Management Personnel (or any connected
person).


Deposits outstanding
2017 £m   2016 £m
As at 1 January   7.3   116.5
Deposits received during the year   25.7   18.9
Deposits repaid during the year/change of key management personnel   (26.1   )   (128.1   )
As at 31 December   6.9   7.3

Total commitments outstanding


Total commitments outstanding refers to the total of any undrawn amounts on credit cards and/or overdraft facilities provided to Key Management
Personnel. Total commitments outstanding as at 31 December 2017 were £0.3m (2016: £0.2m).

All loans to Directors and
other Key Management Personnel (and persons connected to them), (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for
comparable transactions with other persons and (c) did not involve more than a normal risk of collectability or present other unfavourable features.


2017 £m   2016 £m
Salaries and other short-term benefits   33.9   31.9
Pension costs   0.1   0.2
Other long-term benefits   18.4   11.0
Share-based payments   26.8   21.9
Employer social security charges on emoluments   9.6   6.2
Costs recognised for accounting purposes   88.8   71.2
Employer social security charges on emoluments   (9.6   )   (6.2   )
Other long-term benefits – difference between awards granted and costs recognised   (9.8   )   (2.5   )
Share-based payments – difference between awards granted and costs recognised   (11.7   )   (8.9   )
Total remuneration awarded   57.7   53.6
Disclosure required by the Companies Act
2006 The following information regarding Directors is presented in accordance with the Companies Act 2006:
2017 £m   2016 £m
Aggregate emoluments a   8.5   8.1
Amounts paid under LTIPs b   1.1   –
9.6   8.1

Notes


a   The aggregate emoluments include amounts paid for the 2017 year. In addition, deferred share awards for 2017 will be made to James E Staley and Tushar Morzaria which will only vest subject to
meeting certain conditions. The total of the deferred share awards is £1m (2016: £1.4m).


b   The figure above for “Amounts paid under LTIPs” relates to an LTIP award that was released to Tushar Morzaria in 2017. Dividend shares released on the award are excluded. The LTIP figure
in the single total figure table for executive Directors’ 2017 remuneration in the Directors’ Remuneration report relates to the award that is scheduled to be released in 2018 in respect of the 2015-2017 LTIP cycle.

There were no pension contributions paid to defined contribution schemes on behalf of Directors (2016: £nil). There
were no notional pension contributions to defined contribution schemes.

As at 31 December 2017, there were no Directors accruing
benefits under a defined benefit scheme (2016: nil).

Directors’ and Officers’ shareholdings and options


The beneficial ownership of ordinary share capital of Barclays PLC by all Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC (involving 22 persons) at


31 December 2017 amounted to 12,460,877 (2016: 11,464,580) ordinary shares of 25p each (0.07% of the ordinary share capital
outstanding).

At 31 December 2017, executive Directors and Officers of Barclays PLC (involving 11 persons) held options to purchase
a total of 6,000 (2016:

22,527) Barclays PLC ordinary shares of 25p each at a price of 120p under Sharesave.


Advances and credit to Directors and guarantees on behalf of Directors


In accordance with Section 413 of the Companies Act 2006, the total amount of advances and credits made available in 2017 to persons who served
as Directors during the year was £0.2m (2016: £0.2m). The total value of guarantees entered into on behalf of Directors during 2017 was £nil (2016: £nil).


268 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


42 Auditors’ remuneration

Auditors’ remuneration is included within consultancy, legal and professional fees in administration and general expenses and comprises:


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Audit of the Group’s annual accounts   11   14   13
Other services:
Audit of the Company’s subsidiaries a   27   27   21
Other audit related fees b   8   4   7
Other services c   2   4   2
Total Auditors’ remuneration   48   49   43

Notes


a   Comprises the fees for the statutory audit of subsidiaries both inside and outside the UK and fees for work performed by associates of KPMG or PwC in respect of the consolidated financial
statements of the Company.


b   Comprises services in relation to statutory and regulatory filings. These include audit services for the review of the interim financial information under the Listing Rules of the UK listing
authority.


c   Includes consultation on tax matters, tax advice relating to transactions and other tax planning and advice.


KPMG became the Group’s principal auditor in 2017. PwC was the principal auditor. In addition, and 2015.


The figures shown in the above table relate to fees paid to KPMG or PwC as principal auditor. In addition, fees paid to KPMG in relation to
discontinued operations were £4m (PwC 2016: £12m, PwC 2015: £10m).

43 Assets included in disposal groups
classified as held for sale and associated liabilities


Accounting for
non-current
 assets held for sale and associated liabilities

The
group applies IFRS 5
Non-current
 Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


Non-current
 assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale
when their carrying amount is to be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than continuing use. In order to be classified as held for sale, the asset must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to
terms that are usual and customary and the sale must be highly probable.
Non-current
 assets (or disposal groups) held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.


Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale
Total 2017 £m   Total 2016 £m
Cash and balances at central banks   –   2,930
Items in the course of collection from other banks   –   570
Trading portfolio assets   –   3,084
Financial assets designated at fair value   3   6,984
Derivative financial instruments   –   1,992
Financial investments   –   7,737
Loans and advances to banks   –   1,666
Loans and advances to customers   1,164   43,504
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets   –   696
Investments in associates and joint ventures   –   87
Property, plant and equipment   26   954
Goodwill   –   997
Intangible assets   –   570
Current and deferred tax assets   –   149
Retirement benefit assets   –   33
Total   1,193   71,953
Balance of impairment unallocated under IFRS 5   –   (499   )
Total assets classified as held for sale   1,193   71,454
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale
Total 2017 £m   Total 2016 £m
Deposits from banks   –   2,149
Items in the course of collection due to banks   –   373
Customer accounts   –   42,431
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   –   597
Trading portfolio liabilities   –   388
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   –   7,325
Derivative financial instruments   –   1,611
Debt securities in issue   –   7,997
Subordinated liabilities   –   934
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   –   1,180
Provisions   –   103
Current and deferred tax liabilities   –   162
Retirement benefit liabilities   –   42
Total liabilities classified as held for sale   –   65,292
Net assets classified as held for sale   1,193   6,162
Expected contribution to BAGL   –   866
Disposal group post contribution   1,193   7,028


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 269


Notes to the financial statements


Other disclosure matters


43 Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
continued


During the year, a number of disposal groups classified as held for sale have been disposed of. The £70bn decrease in assets is driven by the
disposals of BAGL (£65bn), the French retail business (£4bn), the Egypt business (£1bn), Barclays Vida Pensiones (£0.7bn) and the Zimbabwe business (£0.4bn). The associated liabilities of the above disposal groups have
also been sold in the year.

Discontinued Operations


On 1 March 2016, Barclays announced its intention to reduce the Group’s 62.3% interest in BAGL to a level which would permit Barclays to
deconsolidate BAGL from a regulatory perspective and, prior to that, from an accounting perspective. From this date, BAGL was treated as a discontinued operation. On 5 May 2016, Barclays sold 12.2% of the Group’s interest in BAGL and on
1 June 2017 Barclays sold a further 33.7% of BAGL’s issued share capital, resulting in the accounting deconsolidation of BAGL from the Barclays Group. As a result, as of 1 June 2017 BAGL was consequently no longer reported as a
discontinued operation. At this time, Barclays’ holding in BAGL technically met the requirements to be treated as an Associate. However, following a revision of its governance rights in July 2017 and the difference being immaterial, the holding
was treated as an Available for Sale (AFS) asset from the transaction date. In Q317 Barclays contributed 1.5% of BAGL’s ordinary shares to a Black Economic Empowerment scheme, resulting in Barclays accounting for 126 million ordinary
shares in BAGL, representing 14.9% of BAGL’s issued share capital. The retained investment is reported as an Available for Sale (AFS) asset, in the Head Office segment, with Barclays’ share of BAGL’s dividend recognised in the Head
Office income statement.

Prior to the disposal of shares on 1 June 2017, BAGL met the requirements for presentation as a
discontinued operation. As such, the results, which have been presented as the profit after tax and
non-controlling
 interest in respect of the discontinued operation on the face of the Group income statement,
are analysed in the income statement below. The income statement, statement of other comprehensive income and cash flow statement below represent five months of results as a discontinued operation to 31 May 2017, compared to the full year ended
31 December 2016.


Barclays Africa disposal group income statement
For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net interest income   1,024   2,169
Net fee and commission income   522   1,072
Net trading income   149   281
Net investment income   30   45
Net premiums from insurance contracts   161   362
Other income   (16   )   8
Total income   1,870   3,937
Net claims and benefits incurred on insurance contracts   (84   )   (191   )
Total income net of insurance claims   1,786   3,746
Credit impairment charges and other provisions   (177   )   (445   )
Net operating income   1,609   3,301
Staff costs   (586   )   (1,186   )
Administration and general expenses a   (1,634   )   (1,224   )
Operating expenses   (2,220   )   (2,410   )
Share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures   5   6
(Loss)/profit before tax   (606   )   897
Taxation   (154   )   (306   )
(Loss)/profit after tax b   (760   )   591
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   (900   )   189
Non-controlling interests   140   402
(Loss)/profit after tax b   (760   )   591

Notes


a   Includes impairment of £1,090m (2016: £nil).


b   Total loss in respect of the discontinued operation was £2,195m which included the £60m loss on sale and £1,375m loss on recycling of other comprehensive loss on reserves.


270 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


43 Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
continued


Other comprehensive income relating to discontinued operations is as follows:


For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Available for sale assets   (3   )   (9   )
Currency translation reserves   (38   )   1,451
Cash flow hedge reserves   19   89
Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax from discontinued operations   (22   )   1,531
The cash flows attributed to the discontinued operation
are as follows:
For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m
Net cash flows from operating activities   540   1,164
Net cash flows from investing activities   (245   )   (691   )
Net cash flows from financing activities   (165   )   (105   )
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (29   )   37
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   101   405

44 Barclays PLC (the Parent company)


Other income

Other income of
£690m (2016: £334m) includes £639m (2016: £457m) of income received from gross coupon payments on Barclays Bank PLC issued AT1 securities.


Non-Current
 Assets and Liabilities


Investment in subsidiaries


The investment in subsidiaries of £39,354m (2016: £36,553m) predominantly represents investments made into Barclays Bank PLC, including
£8,986m (2016: £6,486m) of AT1 securities. The increase of £2,801m during the year was driven by AT1 issuances of £2,500m during the period, as well as a £300m investment in Barclays Services Limited (the “Group
Service Company”).

The Group Service Company was established in September 2017 as a direct subsidiary of Barclays PLC to deliver
operational continuity and to drive operational efficiencies across the Group. In September 2017, Barclays transferred c.£3.8bn of assets and liabilities from Barclays Bank PLC and its subsidiaries to the Group Service Company.


Loans and advances to subsidiaries, subordinated liabilities and debt securities in issue


During the period, Barclays PLC issued $2bn of Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes,

€
1.5bn of Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes and SGD 0.2bn Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes included within the subordinated liabilities balance of £6,501m (2016: £3,789m),
$5bn of Fixed and Floating Rate Senior Notes, £1.95bn of Fixed Rate Senior Notes and
€
0.5bn Fixed Rate Senior Notes included within the debt securities in issue balance of
£22,110m (2016: £16,893m). The proceeds raised through these transactions were used to invest in Barclays Bank PLC in each case with a ranking corresponding to the notes issued by Barclays PLC and included within the loans and advances
to subsidiaries balance of £23,970m (2016: £19,421m).

Financial investments


The financial investment assets relate to loans made to subsidiaries of the Group accounted for as AFS instruments. These include a feature that
allows for the loan to be written down in whole or in part by the borrower only in the event that the liabilities of the subsidiary would otherwise exceed its assets.


Derivative financial instrument

The derivative financial instrument of £161m (2016: £268m) held by the Parent Company represents Barclays PLC’s right to receive a Capital Note for no additional consideration, in the event the Barclays PLC
consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) falls below 7% at which point the notes are automatically assigned by the holders to Barclays PLC.


Management of internal investments, loans and advances


Barclays PLC retains the discretion to manage the nature of its internal investments in subsidiaries according to their regulatory and business
needs. As we implement our structural reform programme, Barclays PLC expects to invest capital and funding in Barclays Bank PLC and other Group subsidiaries such as the Group Service Company, the US IHC and the UK ring-fenced bank. In October 2017,
the Bank of England published a consultation on “Internal MREL” and following that consultation a final statement of policy is expected to be published in H1 2018. Accordingly, during the course of 2018 Barclays expects to restructure
certain of its investments in subsidiaries, including to subordinate internal MREL beneath operating liabilities, to the extent required to achieve compliance with internal MREL requirements which are expected to be in effect from 1 January
2019.

Total equity

Called up share capital and share premium of Barclays PLC was £22,045m (2016: £21,842m). Other equity instruments of £8,943m (2016: £6,453m) comprises of AT1 securities. For further details please refer to
Note 31.

Structural Reform

Barclays’ plans for UK ring-fencing remain on track. The relevant court processes began in November 2017 with the Sanction hearing to be held on 26 and 27 February 2018 at which the Court will be requested to sanction
Barclays’ ring-fencing transfer scheme. We intend to complete the reorganisation and establish the UK ring-fenced bank in April 2018, ahead of the 1 January 2019 legislative deadline for implementation.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 271


Additional shareholder information


Shareholder information


Additional shareholder information

Articles of Association


Barclays PLC (the “Company”) is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 48839. Barclays, originally named
Barclay & Company Limited, was incorporated in England and Wales on 20 July 1896 under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1890 as a company limited by shares. The company name was changed to Barclays Bank Limited on 17 February 1917 and
it was registered on 15 February 1982 as a public limited company under the Companies Acts 1948 to 1980. On 1 January 1985, the company changed its name to Barclays PLC.


Under the Companies Act 2006 a company’s Memorandum of Association now need only contain the names of the subscribers and the number of shares each subscriber has
agreed to take. For companies in existence as of 1 October 2009, all other provisions which were contained in the company’s Memorandum of Association, including the company’s objects, are now deemed to be contained in the
company’s articles. The Companies Act 2006 also states that a company’s objects are unrestricted unless the company’s articles provide otherwise.

The
Articles of Association were adopted at the Company’s Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 30 April 2010 and amended at the AGM of the Company on 25 April 2013.


The following is a summary and explanation of the current Articles of Association, which are available for inspection.


Directors

(i) The minimum number of Directors (excluding alternate Directors)
is five. There is no maximum limit. There is no age limit for Directors.

(ii) Excluding executive remuneration and any other entitlement to remuneration for extra
services (including service on board committees) under the Articles, a Director is entitled to a fee at a rate determined by the Board but the aggregate fees paid to all Directors shall not exceed £2,000,000 per annum or such higher amount as
may be approved by an ordinary resolution of the Company. Each Director is entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by him/her in or about the performance of his/her duties.


(iii) No Director may act (either himself/herself or through his/her firm) as an auditor of the Company. A Director may hold any other office of the Company on such
terms as the Board shall determine.

(iv) At each AGM of the Company, one third of the Directors (rounded down) are required under the Articles of Association to
retire from office by rotation and may offer themselves for
re-election.
 The Directors so retiring are first, those who wish to retire and not offer themselves for

re-election,
 and, second those who have been longest in office (and in the case of equality of service length are selected by lot). Other than a retiring Director, no person shall (unless recommended by the
Board) be eligible for election unless a member notifies the Company Secretary in advance of his/her intention to propose a person for election. It is Barclays’ practice that all Directors offer themselves for

re-election
 annually in accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code.

(v) The Board has the power to appoint additional
Directors or to fill a casual vacancy amongst the Directors. Any Director so appointed holds office until the next AGM, when he/she may offer himself/herself for reappointment. He/she is not taken into account in determining the number of Directors
retiring by rotation.

(vi) The Board may appoint any Director to any executive position or employment in the Company on such terms as they determine.


(vii) The Company may by ordinary resolution remove a Director before the expiry of his/her period of office (without prejudice to a claim for


damages for breach of contract or otherwise) and may by ordinary resolution appoint another person who is willing to act to be a Director in his/her place.


(viii) A Director may appoint either another Director or some other person approved by the Board to act as his/her alternate with power to attend Board meetings and
generally to exercise the functions of the appointing Director in his/her absence (other than the power to appoint an alternate).

(ix) The Board may authorise any
matter in relation to which a Director has, or can have, a direct interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict with, the Company’s interests. Only Directors who have no interest in the matter being considered will be able to authorise the
relevant matter and they may impose limits or conditions when giving authorisation if they think this is appropriate.

(x) A Director may hold positions with or be
interested in other companies and, subject to legislation applicable to the Company and the FCA’s requirements, may contract with the Company or any other company in which the Company is interested. A Director may not vote or count towards the
quorum on any resolution concerning any proposal in which he/she (or any person connected with him/her) has a material interest (other than by virtue of his/her interest in securities of the Company) or if he/she has a duty which conflicts or may
conflict with the interests of the Company, unless the resolution relates to any proposal:

(a) to indemnify a Director or provide him/her with a guarantee or
security in respect of money lent by him/her to, or any obligation incurred by him/her or any other person for the benefit of (or at the request of), the Company (or any other member of the Group);


(b) to indemnify or give security or a guarantee to a third party in respect of a debt or obligation of the Company (or any other member of the Group) for which the
Director has personally assumed responsibility;

(c) to obtain insurance for the benefit of Directors;


(d) involving the acquisition by a Director of any securities of the Company (or any other member of the Group) pursuant to an offer to existing holders of securities or
to the public;

(e) that the Director underwrite any issue of securities of the Company (or any other member of the Group);


(f) concerning any other company in which the Director is interested as an officer or creditor or Shareholder but, broadly, only if he/she (together with his/her
connected persons) is directly or indirectly interested in less than 1% of either any class of the issued equity share capital or of the voting rights of that company; and


(g) concerning any other arrangement for the benefit of employees of the Company (or any other member of the Group) under which the Director benefits or stands to
benefit in a similar manner to the employees concerned and which does not give the Director any advantage which the employees to whom the arrangement relates would not receive.


(xi) A Director may not vote or be counted in the quorum on any resolution which concerns his/her own employment or appointment to any office of the Company or any other
company in which the Company is interested.

(xii) Subject to applicable legislation, the provisions described in

sub-paragraphs
 (x) and (xi) may be relaxed or suspended by an ordinary resolution of the members of the Company or any applicable governmental or other regulatory body.


(xiii) A Director is required to hold an interest in ordinary shares having a nominal value of at least £500, which currently equates to 2,000 Ordinary Shares
unless restricted from acquiring or holding such interest by any applicable law or regulation or any applicable governmental or other regulatory body. A Director may act before acquiring those shares but must acquire the qualification shares within
two months from his/her appointment. Where a Director is unable to


272 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional shareholder information


acquire the requisite number of shares within that time owing to law, regulation or requirement of any governmental or
other relevant authority, he/she must acquire the shares as soon as reasonably practicable once the restriction(s) end.

(xiv) The Board may exercise all of the
powers of the Company to borrow money, to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and uncalled capital and to issue debentures and other securities.

Classes
of Shares

The Company only has Ordinary Shares in issue. The Articles of Association also provide for pound sterling preference shares of £100 each, US
dollar preference shares of US$100 each, US dollar preference shares of $0.25 each, euro preference shares of
€
100 each and yen preference shares of ¥10,000 each (together, the
“Preference Shares”). In accordance with the authority granted at the AGM on 25 April 2013, Preference Shares may be issued by the Board from time to time in one or more series with such rights and subject to such restrictions and
limitations as the Board may determine. No Preference Shares have been issued to date.

Dividends


Subject to the provisions of the Articles and applicable legislation, the Company in general meeting may declare dividends on the Ordinary Shares by ordinary resolution,
but any such dividend may not exceed the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may also pay interim or final dividends if it appears they are justified by the Company’s financial position.


Each Preference Share confers the right to a preferential dividend (“Preference Dividend”) payable in such currency at such rates (whether fixed or calculated
by reference to or in accordance with a specified procedure or mechanism), on such dates and on such other terms as may be determined by the Board prior to allotment thereof.


The Preference Shares rank in regard to payment of dividends in priority to the holders of Ordinary Shares and any other class of shares in the Company ranking junior to
the Preference Shares.

Dividends may be paid on the Preference Shares if, in the opinion of the Board, the Company has sufficient distributable profits, after
payment in full or the setting aside of a sum to provide for all dividends payable on (or in the case of shares carrying a cumulative right to dividends, before) the relevant dividend payment date on any class of shares in the Company ranking pari
passu with or in priority to the relevant series of Preference Shares as regards participation in the profits of the Company.

If the Board considers that the
distributable profits of the Company available for distribution are insufficient to cover the payment in full of Preference Dividends, Preference Dividends shall be paid to the extent of the distributable profits on a pro rata basis.


Notwithstanding the above, the Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine that any Preference Dividend which would otherwise be payable may either not be payable
at all or only payable in part.

If any Preference Dividend on a series of Preference Shares is not paid, or is only paid in part, for the reasons described above,
holders of Preference Shares will not have a claim in respect of such
non-payment.


If any dividend on a series of Preference
Shares is not paid in full on the relevant dividend payment date, a dividend restriction shall apply. The dividend restriction means that, subject to certain exceptions, neither the Company nor Barclays Bank may (a) pay a dividend on, or
(b) redeem, purchase, reduce or otherwise acquire, any of their respective ordinary shares, other preference shares or other share capital ranking equal or junior to the relevant series of Preference Shares until the earlier of such time as the
Company next pays in full a dividend on the relevant series of Preference Shares or the date on which all of the relevant series of Preference Shares are redeemed.


All unclaimed dividends payable in respect of any share may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the Company until claimed. If a dividend
is not claimed after 12 years of it becoming payable, it is forfeited and reverts to the Company.


The Board may, with the approval of an ordinary resolution of the Company, offer Shareholders the right to choose to
receive an allotment of additional fully paid Ordinary Shares instead of cash in respect of all or part of any dividend. The Company currently provides a scrip dividend programme pursuant to an authority granted at the AGM held on 25 April
2013.

Redemption and Purchase

Subject to applicable legislation and the
rights of the other shareholders, any share may be issued on terms that it is, at the option of the Company or the holder of such share, redeemable. The Directors are authorised to determine the terms, conditions and manner of redemption of any such
shares under the Articles of Association.

Calls on capital

The Directors
may make calls upon the members in respect of any monies unpaid on their shares. A person upon whom a call is made remains liable even if the shares in respect of which the call is made have been transferred. Interest will be chargeable on any
unpaid amount called at a rate determined by the Board (of not more than 20% per annum).

If a member fails to pay any call in full (following notice from the Board
that such failure will result in forfeiture of the relevant shares), such shares (including any dividends declared but not paid) may be forfeited by a resolution of the Board, and will become the property of the Company. Forfeiture shall not absolve
a previous member for amounts payable by him/her (which may continue to accrue interest).

The Company also has a lien over all partly paid shares of the Company for
all monies payable or called on that share and over the debts and liabilities of a member to the Company. If any monies which are the subject of the lien remain unpaid after a notice from the Board demanding payment, the Company may sell such
shares.

Annual and other general meetings

The Company is required to hold
an AGM in addition to such other general meetings as the Directors think fit. The type of the meeting will be specified in the notice calling it. Under the Companies Act 2006, the AGM must be held within six months of the financial year end. A
general meeting may be convened by the Board on requisition in accordance with the applicable legislation.

In the case of an AGM, a minimum of 21 clear days’
notice is required. The notice must be in writing and must specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be transacted. A notice convening a meeting to pass a special resolution shall specify the
intention to propose the resolution as such. The accidental failure to give notice of a general meeting or the
non-receipt
 of such notice will not invalidate the proceedings at such meeting.


Subject as noted above, all Shareholders are entitled to attend and vote at general meetings. The Articles do, however, provide that arrangements may be made for
simultaneous attendance at a satellite meeting place or, if the meeting place is inadequate to accommodate all members and proxies entitled to attend, another meeting place may be arranged to accommodate such persons other than that specified in the
notice of meeting, in which case Shareholders may be excluded from the principal place.

Holders of Preference Shares have no right to receive notice of, attend or
vote at, any general meetings of the Company as a result of holding Preference Shares.

Notices


A document or information may be sent by the Company in hard copy form, electronic form, by being made available on a website, or by another means agreed with the
recipient, in accordance with the provisions set out in the Companies Act 2006. Accordingly, a document or information may only be sent in electronic form to a person who has agreed to receive it in that form or, in the case of a company, who has
been deemed to have so agreed pursuant to applicable legislation. A document or information may only be sent by being made available on a website if the recipient has agreed to receive it in that form or has been deemed to have so agreed pursuant to
applicable legislation, and has not revoked that agreement.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 273


Additional shareholder information


In respect of joint holdings, documents or information shall be sent to the joint holder whose name stands first in the
register.

A member who (having no registered address within the UK) has not supplied an address in the UK at which documents or information may be sent in hard copy
form, or an address to which notices, documents or information may be sent or supplied by electronic means, is not entitled to have documents or information sent to him/her.


In addition, the Company may cease to send notices to any member who has been sent documents on two consecutive occasions over a period of at least 12 months and when
each of those documents is returned undelivered or notification is received that they have not been delivered.

Capitalisation of profits


The Company may, by ordinary resolution, upon the recommendation of the Board capitalise all or any part of an amount standing to the credit of a reserve or fund to be
set free for distribution provided that amounts from the share premium account, capital redemption reserve or any profits not available for distribution should be applied only in paying up unissued shares to be allotted to members credited as fully
paid and no unrealised profits shall be applied in paying up debentures of the Company or any amount unpaid on any share in the capital of the Company.

Indemnity


Subject to applicable legislation, every current and former Director or other officer of the Company (other than any person engaged by the company as auditor)
shall be indemnified by the Company against any liability in relation to the Company, other than (broadly) any liability to the Company or a member of the Group, or any criminal or regulatory fine


Officers of the Group   Date of Appointment as Officer


Ashok Vaswani   Chief Executive Officer, Barclays UK   2012
Bob Hoyt   Group General Counsel   2013
Tushar Morzaria   Group Finance Director   2013
James E Staley   Group Chief Executive Officer   2015
Tristram Roberts   Group Human Resources Director   2015
Paul Compton   Group Chief Operating Officer   2016
C S Venkatakrishnan   Chief Risk Officer   2016
Tim Throsby   President, Barclays International Chief Executive Officer, Corporate and Investment Bank   2017
Stephen Shapiro   Company Secretary   2017
Laura Padovani   Interim Group Chief Compliance Officer   2017


274 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional shareholder information


Dividends on the ordinary shares of Barclays PLC


A final dividend for the full year ended 31 December 2016 of 2.0p was paid on 5 April 2017. In respect of the year ended 31 December 2017, one interim
dividend of 1p was paid on 18 September 2017 and a final dividend of 2p was announced on 22 February 2018 for payment on 5 April 2018.

The dividends
declared for each of the last five years were:


Pence per 25p ordinary share
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Interim   1.00   1.00   3.00   3.00   3.00
Final   2.00   2.00   3.50   3.50   3.50
Total   3.00   3.00   6.50   6.50   6.50
US Dollars per 25p ordinary share
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Interim   0.01   0.01   0.05   0.05   0.05
Final   0.02   0.02   0.05   0.05   0.05
Total   0.03   0.03   0.10   0.10   0.10

The gross dividends applicable to an American Depositary Share (ADS) representing four ordinary shares, before deduction of withholding
tax, are as follows:


US Dollars per American Depositary Share
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Interim   0.05   0.05   0.18   0.18   0.18
Final   0.10   0.10   0.20   0.22   0.23
Total   0.15   0.15   0.38   0.40   0.41

The final dividends shown above are expressed in Dollars translated at the closing spot rate for Pounds Sterling as determined by
Bloomberg at 5pm in New York City (the ‘Closing Spot Rate’) on the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report. No representation is made that Pounds Sterling amounts have been, or could have been, or could be, converted into
Dollars at these rates.

Trading market for ordinary shares of Barclays PLC


The principal trading market for Barclays PLC ordinary shares is the London Stock Exchange. At the close of business on 31 December 2017, 17,060,397,944 ordinary
shares were in issue.

Ordinary share listings were also obtained on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) with effect from 9 September 1986. Trading on the NYSE
is in the form of ADSs under the symbol ‘BCS’. Each ADS represents four ordinary shares and is evidenced by an American Depositary Receipt (ADR). The ADR depositary is JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. Details of trading activity are published in
the stock tables of leading daily newspapers in the US.

There were 492 ADR holders and 1,654 recorded holders of ordinary shares with US addresses at
31 December 2017, whose shareholdings represented approximately 4.59% of total outstanding ordinary shares on that date. Since a certain number of the ordinary shares and ADRs were held by brokers or other nominees, the number of recorded
holders in the US may not be representative of the number of beneficial holders or of their country of residence.

The following table shows the high and low sales
price for the ordinary shares during the periods indicated, based on
mid-market
 prices at close of business on the London Stock Exchange and the high and low sale price for ADSs as reported on the NYSE
composite tape.


Sale
prices for ordinary shares
25p ordinary shares   American Depositary Shares
High   Low   High   Low
p   p   US$   US$
2018
By month:
February 1   201.00   189.06   11.36   10.52
January   210.30   194.50   11.91   10.68
1 As at 19 February 2018
2017
By month:
August   210.35   190.35   10.96   9.83
September   193.35   184.00   10.36   9.62
October   198.00   182.40   10.44   9.45
November   194.25   178.90   10.35   9.36
December   204.55   189.40   10.93   10.14
By Quarter:
First quarter   239.25   219.45   11.89   11.02
Second quarter   224.65   196.00   11.51   9.92
Third quarter   211.30   184.00   11.04   9.62
Fourth quarter   204.55   178.90   10.93   9.36
2016
First quarter   215.25   147.85   12.85   8.62
Second quarter   186.95   127.20   11.18   7.03
Third quarter   174.75   131.65   9.31   7.06
Fourth quarter   239.00   166.50   11.99   8.16
2015   288.95   209.10   17.98   12.80
2014   296.50   207.90   19.58   13.50
2013   308.39   242.39   18.93   15.69
2012   288.00   148.20   17.47   9.31
2011   333.55   138.85   21.64   8.55
2010   383.20   255.40   24.10   15.40

This section incorporates information on the prices at which securities of Barclays PLC have traded. It is emphasised that past
performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 275


Additional shareholder information


Shareholdings at 31 December 2017 a   Number of shareholders   Percentage of holders   Shares held   Percentage of capital
Classification of shareholders
Personal Holders   253,150   97.25%   434,310,677   2.55%
Banks and Nominees   2,657   1.02%   14,878,937,903   87.21%
Other Companies   4,488   1.72%   1,747,142,728   10.24%
Insurance Companies   1   0.00%   208   0.00%
Pension Funds   5   0.00%   6,428   0.00%
Total   260,301   100.00%   17,060,397,944   100.00%
Shareholding range
1 - 100   17,465   6.71%   649,598   0.00%
101 - 250   53,954   20.72%   10,973,320   0.06%
251 - 500   71,706   27.55%   25,016,335   0.15%
501 - 1,000   41,885   16.09%   29,607,409   0.17%
1,001 - 5,000   53,457   20.54%   118,080,074   0.70%
5,001 - 10,000   11,526   4.43%   80,923,119   0.47%
10,001 - 25,000   6,894   2.65%   104,303,115   0.62%
25,001 - 50,000   1,613   0.62%   54,990,046   0.32%
50,001 and over   1,801   0.69%   16,635,854,928   97.51%
Totals   260,301   100.00%   17,060,397,944   100.00%
United States Holdings   1,654   0.64%   17,462,910   0.10%

Note

a. These figures do not include Barclays
Sharestore members.

Currency of presentation


In this report, unless otherwise specified, all amounts are expressed in Pound Sterling. For the months of September 2017 through to February 2018, the highest and
lowest closing spot rates as determined by Bloomberg at 5:00 p.m (New York time) (the ‘Closing Spot Rate’), expressed in USD per GBP were:


(US Dollars per Pound Sterling)
February   January   December   November   October   September
2018   2017
High   1.43   1.42   1.35   1.35   1.33   1.36
Low   1.38   1.35   1.33   1.31   1.31   1.29


(US Dollars per Pound Sterling)
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Average   1.29   1.56   1.53   1.65   1.56

On 19 February 2018, the Closing Spot Rate in Pound Sterling was $1.40.


No representation is made that Pounds Sterling amounts have been, or could have been, or could be, converted into USD at any of the above rates. For the purpose of
presenting financial information in this report, exchange rates other than those shown above may have been used.


276 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional shareholder information


Taxation of UK holders


The following is a summary of certain UK tax issues which are likely to be material to the holding and disposal of Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC,
Preference Shares of Barclays Bank PLC (the ‘Bank’), or ADSs representing such Ordinary Shares or Preference Shares (together the ‘Shares’).


It is based on current law and the practice of Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (‘HMRC’), which may be subject to change, possibly with
retrospective effect. It is a general guide for information purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a
prospective purchaser, holder or disposer of Shares. In particular, save where expressly stated to the contrary, this summary deals with shareholders who are resident and, in the case of individuals, domiciled in (and only in) the UK for UK tax
purposes, who hold their Shares as investments (other than under an individual savings account) and who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Shares and any dividends paid on them.


The statements are not addressed to: (i) shareholders who own (or are deemed to own) 10 per cent. or more of the voting power of Barclays PLC
or the Bank; (ii) shareholders who hold Shares as part of hedging transactions; (iii) investors who have (or are deemed to have) acquired their Shares by virtue of an office or employment; and (iv) shareholders who hold Shares in
connection with a trade, profession or vocation carried on in the UK (whether through a branch or agency or, in the case of a corporate shareholder, through a permanent establishment, or otherwise). It does not discuss the tax treatment of classes
of shareholder subject to special rules, such as dealers in securities.

Persons who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their
professional advisers. Persons who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the UK in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of Shares are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so
liable.

(i) Taxation of dividends

In accordance with UK
law, Barclays PLC or the Bank (as the case may be) pays dividends on the Shares without any deduction or withholding tax in respect of any taxes imposed by the UK government or any UK taxing authority.


Dividends paid to a UK resident individual shareholder in a tax year (the ‘Total Dividend Income’) will generally form part of that
shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes. The Total Dividend Income will be regarded as the top slice of the shareholder’s total income, and will be subject to UK income tax at the rates discussed below.


The rate of UK income tax applicable to the Total Dividend Income will depend on the amount of the Total Dividend Income and the UK income tax band(s)
that the Total Dividend Income falls within when included as part of the shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes.

A nil rate of
UK income tax applies to the first £5,000 (reducing to £2,000 from 6 April 2018) of Total Dividend Income received by an individual shareholder in a tax year (the ‘Nil Rate Amount’).


Where the Total Dividend Income received by an individual shareholder in a tax year exceeds the Nil Rate Amount, the excess amount (the ‘Remaining
Dividend Income’) will be subject to UK income tax at the following rates:

(a) at the rate of 7.5% on any portion of the
Remaining Dividend Income that falls within the basic tax band;


(b) at the rate of 32.5% on any portion of the Remaining Dividend Income that falls
within the higher tax band; and

(c) at the rate of 38.1% on any portion of the Remaining Dividend Income that falls within the
additional tax band.

In determining the tax band the Remaining Dividend Income falls within, the individual shareholder’s Dividend Income
(along with any other dividends received that are included in the shareholder’s total income for UK income tax purposes) for the tax year in question (including the portion comprising the Nil Rate Amount) will be treated as the top slice of the
shareholder’s total income for UK tax purposes.

Subject to special rules for small companies, UK resident shareholders within the charge to UK
corporation tax will be subject to UK corporation tax on the dividends paid on the Shares unless the dividend falls within an exempt class and certain conditions are met.


(ii) Taxation of shares under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan


Where a shareholder elects to purchase shares using their cash dividend as part of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, such shareholders will generally be
liable for UK income tax or corporation tax (as the case may be) on dividends reinvested in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan on the same basis as if they had received the cash and arranged the investment themselves. They should accordingly include the
dividend received in their tax return in the normal way.

(iii) Taxation of capital gains


The disposal of Shares may, depending on the shareholder’s circumstances, give rise to a liability to tax on chargeable capital gains.


Where Shares are sold, a liability to tax may result if the proceeds from that sale exceed the sum of the base cost of the Shares sold and any other
allowable deductions such as share dealing costs and, in certain circumstances, indexation relief. To arrive at the total base cost of any Barclays PLC shares held, in appropriate cases the amount subscribed for rights taken up in 1985, 1988 and
2013 must be added to the cost of all such shares held. For this purpose, current legislation permits the market valuation at 31 March 1982 to be substituted for the original cost of shares purchased before that date. Shareholders other than
those within the charge to UK corporation tax should note that, following the Finance Act 2008, no indexation allowance will be available. Shareholders within the charge to UK corporation tax may be eligible for indexation allowance. However, the
Finance (No. 2) Bill 2017-2019 contains provisions that would, if enacted, change the calculation of indexation allowance so that indexation on or after 1 January 2018 ceases to be taken into account.


Chargeable capital gains may also arise from the gifting of Shares to connected parties such as relatives (although not spouses or civil partners) and
family trusts.

The calculations required to compute chargeable capital gains may be complex. Shareholders are advised to consult their personal
financial adviser if further information regarding a possible tax liability in respect of their holdings of shares is required.

(iv) Stamp duty
and stamp duty reserve tax

Dealings in Shares will generally be subject to UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax (although see the comments
below as regards ADSs in the section ‘Taxation of US holders – (vi) UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax’). The transfer on sale of Ordinary Shares and Preference Shares will generally be liable to stamp duty at 0.5% of the
consideration paid for that transfer. An unconditional agreement to transfer Ordinary Shares and Preference Shares, or any interest therein,


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 277


Additional shareholder information


will generally be subject to stamp duty reserve tax at 0.5% of the consideration given. Such liability to
stamp duty reserve tax will be cancelled, or a right to a repayment (generally with interest) in respect of the stamp duty reserve tax liability will arise, if the agreement is completed by a duly stamped transfer within six years of the agreement
having become unconditional. Both stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax are normally the liability of the transferee.

Paperless transfers of
Ordinary Shares and Preference Shares within CREST are liable to stamp duty reserve tax rather than stamp duty.

Stamp duty reserve tax on
transactions settled within the CREST system or reported through it for regulatory purposes will be collected by CREST.

Special rules apply to
certain categories of person, including intermediaries, market makers, brokers, dealers and persons connected with depositary arrangements and clearance services.


(v) Inheritance tax

An individual may be
liable to inheritance tax on the transfer of Shares. Where an individual is so liable, inheritance tax may be charged on the amount by which the value of his or her estate is reduced as a result of any transfer by way of gift or other gratuitous
transaction made by them or treated as made by them.

Taxation of US holders


The following is a summary of the principal US federal income tax consequences and certain UK tax consequences for US holders (as defined below) of
Ordinary Shares of Barclays PLC, Preference Shares of Barclays Bank PLC (the ‘Bank’), or ADSs representing such Ordinary Shares or Preference Shares, who own the shares or ADSs as capital assets for tax purposes. It is not, however, a
comprehensive analysis of all the potential US or UK tax consequences for such holders and it does not discuss the tax consequences of members of special classes of holders subject to special rules, including (i) dealers in securities,
(ii) traders in securities that elect to use a
mark-to-market
 method of accounting for securities holdings,

(iii) tax-exempt
 organisations, (iv) life insurance companies, (v) holders liable for alternative minimum tax, (vi) holders that actually or constructively own 10 per cent or more of
the combined voting power of the voting stock of Barclays PLC or the Bank or of the total value of the stock of Barclays PLC or the Bank, (vii) holders that hold shares or ADSs as part of a straddle or a hedging or conversion transaction,
(viii) holders that purchase or sell shares or ADSs as part of a wash sale, (ix) holders whose functional currency is not the US dollar, or (x) holders who are resident, or (in the case of individuals) ordinarily resident, or who are
carrying on a trade, in the UK. The summary also does not address any aspect of US federal taxation other than US federal income taxation (such as the estate and gift tax or the Medicare tax on net investment income). Investors are advised to
consult their tax advisers regarding the tax implications of their particular holdings, including the consequences under applicable state and local law, and in particular whether they are eligible for the benefits of the Treaty, as defined below.


This section is also based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the ‘Code’), its legislative history, existing and proposed
regulations, published rulings and court decisions, and on the Double Taxation Convention between the UK and the US as entered into force in March 2003 (the ‘Treaty’), and, in respect of UK tax, the Estate and Gift Tax Convention between
the UK and the US as entered into force on 11 November 1979 (the ‘Estate and Gift Tax Convention’), the current UK tax law and the practice of HMRC, all of which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. This section is
based in part upon the representations of the ADR Depositary and the assumption that each obligation of the Deposit Agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms.


A “US holder” is a beneficial owner of shares or ADSs that is, for US federal income tax
purposes, (i) a citizen or resident of the US, (ii) a US domestic corporation, (iii) an estate whose income is subject to US federal income tax regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if a US court can exercise primary
supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more US persons are authorised to control all substantial decisions of the trust. If a partnership holds the shares or ADSs, the US federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally
depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding the shares or ADSs should consult its tax adviser with regard to the US federal income tax treatment of an investment in the shares or
ADSs.

For the purposes of the Treaty, the Estate and Gift Tax Convention, and the Code, the holders of ADRs evidencing ADSs will be treated as
owners of the underlying Ordinary Shares or Preference Shares, as the case may be. Generally, exchanges of shares for ADRs and ADRs for shares will not be subject to US federal income tax or to UK capital gains tax.


(i) Taxation of dividends

Subject to the PFIC
rules discussed below, a US holder is subject to US federal income taxation on the gross amount of any dividend paid by Barclays PLC or the Bank, as applicable, out of its current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for US federal
income tax purposes).

Dividends paid by Barclays PLC or the Bank, as applicable, with respect to the Ordinary Shares, Preference Shares or ADSs will
generally be qualified dividend income. Dividends paid to a noncorporate US holder that constitute qualified dividend income will be taxable to the holder at preferential rates, provided that the holder has a holding period of the shares or ADSs of
more than 60 days during the
121-day
 period beginning 60 days before the
ex-dividend
 date (or, in the case of Preference Shares or ADSs relating thereto, if the dividend
is attributable to a period or periods aggregating over 366 days, provided that the holder holds the shares or ADSs for more than 90 days during the
181-day
 period beginning 90 days before the
ex-dividend
 date) and meets certain other holding period requirements. A US holder will not be subject to UK withholding tax. Dividends must be included in income when the US holder, in the case of shares, or the
Depositary, in the case of ADSs, actually or constructively receives the dividend, and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to US corporations in respect of dividends received from other US corporations. For
foreign tax credit purposes, dividends will generally be income from sources outside the US and will generally be ‘passive’ income for purposes of computing the foreign tax credit allowable to a US holder.


The amount of the dividend distribution includable in income will be the US Dollar value of the Pound Sterling payments made, determined at the
spot Pound Sterling/US Dollar rate on the date the dividend distribution is includable in income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into US Dollars. Generally, any gain or loss resulting from currency exchange fluctuations
during the period from the date the dividend payment is includable in income to the date the payment is converted into US Dollars will be treated as ordinary income or loss and, for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, from sources within the US,
and will not be eligible for the special tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income.

Distributions in excess of current or accumulated
earnings and profits, as determined for US federal income tax purposes, will be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the US holder’s basis in the shares or ADSs and thereafter as capital gain. Because Barclays PLC and the Bank do not
currently maintain calculations of earnings and profits for US


278 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional shareholder information


federal income tax purposes, it is expected that distributions with respect to the shares and ADSs will
generally be reported to US holders as dividends.

(ii) Taxation of capital gains


Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, generally, US holders will not be subject to UK tax, but will be subject to US tax on capital gains realised on
the sale or other disposition of Ordinary Shares, Preference Shares or ADSs. Generally, a US holder will recognise capital gain or loss for US federal income tax purposes equal to the difference between the US Dollar value of the amount
realised and a US holder’s tax basis, determined in US Dollars, in its shares or ADSs. Capital gain of a noncorporate US holder is generally taxed at preferential rates where the holder has a holding period of greater than one year. The gain or
loss will generally be income or loss from sources within the US for foreign tax credit limitation purposes.

(iii) Taxation of premium on
redemption or purchase of shares

No refund of tax will be available under the Treaty in respect of any premium paid on a redemption of Preference
Shares by the Bank or on a purchase of Ordinary Shares by Barclays PLC. For US tax purposes, redemption premium generally will be treated as an additional amount realised in the calculation of a US holder’s gain or loss.


(iv) Taxation of passive foreign investment companies (PFICs)


Barclays PLC and the Bank believe that their respective shares and ADSs should not be treated as stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes, but
this conclusion is a factual determination that is made annually and thus may be subject to change. If Barclays PLC or the Bank were to be treated as a PFIC, then the gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the shares or ADSs would in
general not be treated as capital gain. Instead, unless a US holder elects to be taxed annually on a
mark-to-market
 basis with respect to its shares or ADSs, such gain
and certain ‘excess distributions’ would be treated as having been realised rateably over a US holder’s holding period for the shares or ADSs and generally would be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for each such year to which
the gain was allocated, together with an interest charge in respect of the tax attributable to each such year. With certain exceptions, a US holder’s shares or ADSs will be treated as stock in a PFIC if Barclays PLC or the Bank, as applicable,
was a PFIC at any time during such holder’s holding period in its shares or ADSs. Dividends that a US holder receives will not be eligible for the special tax rates applicable to qualified dividend income if Barclays PLC or the Bank is treated
as a PFIC with respect to such US holder either in the taxable year of the distribution or the preceding taxable year, but instead will be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income.


(v) Certain Reporting Requirements

US holders
should consult their tax advisers regarding any tax reporting or filing requirements that may apply to receiving payments on or with respect to, acquiring, owning, or disposing of the shares or ADSs. Failure to comply with certain reporting
obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties.

(vi) UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax


No obligation to pay UK stamp duty will arise on the transfer on sale of an ADS, provided that any instrument of transfer is not executed in, and remains
at all times outside, the UK. No UK stamp duty reserve tax is payable in respect of an agreement to transfer an ADS. For the UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax implications of dealings in shares, see the section ‘Taxation of UK holders
– (iv) Stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax’ above.

(vii) UK estate and gift tax


Under the Estate and Gift Tax Convention, a US domiciled holder generally is not subject to UK inheritance tax in respect of dispositions by that holder
or their estate.


FATCA Risk Factor


In certain circumstances, shares or ADSs may be subject to US “passthru” withholding tax starting in 2019. The US has enacted rules, commonly
referred to as ‘FATCA’, that generally impose a new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain US source payments (including dividends and interest), gross proceeds from the disposition of property that can produce US source
interest and dividends, and certain payments made by, and financial accounts held with, entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. The US has entered into an intergovernmental agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA
with the UK (the “UK IGA”). Under the UK IGA, as currently drafted, it is not expected that either Barclays PLC or the Bank will be required to withhold tax under FATCA on payments made with respect to the shares or ADSs. However,
significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the shares or ADS in the future. Investors
should consult their own tax advisers regarding the potential impact of FATCA.

The Barclays Group has registered with the Internal Revenue Service
(‘IRS’) for FATCA. The Global Intermediary Identification Number (GIIN) for the Bank in the United Kingdom is E1QAZN.00001.ME.826 and it is a Reporting Model 1 FFI. The GIINs for other parts of the Barclays Group or Barclays branches
outside of the UK may be obtained from your usual Barclays contact on request. The IRS list of registered Foreign Financial Institutions is publicly available at https://apps.irs.gov/app/fatcaFfiList/flu.jsf.


Exchange controls and other limitations affecting security holders


Other than certain economic sanctions which may be in force from time to time, there are currently no UK laws, decrees or regulations which would affect
the transfer of capital or remittance of dividends, interest and other payments to holders of Barclays securities who are not residents of the UK. There are also no restrictions under the Articles of Association of either Barclays PLC or Barclays
Bank PLC, or (subject to the effect of any such economic sanctions) under current UK laws, which relate only to
non-residents
 of the UK, and which limit the right of such

non-residents
 to hold Barclays securities or, when entitled to vote, to do so.

Documents on display


It is possible to read and copy documents that have been filed by Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC with the US Securities and Exchange
Commission at the US Securities and Exchange Commission’s office of Investor Education and Advocacy located at 100 F Street, NE Washington DC 20549. Please call the US Securities and Exchange Commission at
1-800-SEC-0330
 for further information on the public reference rooms and their copy charges. Filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission are also available
to the public from commercial document retrieval services, and from the website maintained by the US Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 279


Additional shareholder information


Fees and Charges Payable by a Holder of
ADSs

The ADR depositary collects fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing ordinary shares or surrendering ADSs for the
purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries acting for them.

The charges of the ADR depositary payable by investors are as follows:


Type of Service   ADR Depositary Actions   Fee
ADR depositary or substituting the underlying shares   Issuance of ADSs against the deposit of ordinary shares, including deposits and issuances in respect of:   $5.00 or less per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the new ADSs delivered
–  Share distributions, stock splits, rights issues,
mergers
–  Exchange of securities or
other transactions or event or other distribution affecting the ADSs or deposited securities
Receiving or distributing cash dividends   Distribution of cash dividends   $0.04 or less per ADS*
Selling or exercising rights   Distribution or sale of securities, the fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the
execution and delivery of ADSs which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities   $5.00 or less per each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
Withdrawing an underlying ordinary share   Acceptance of ADSs surrendered for withdrawal of deposited ordinary shares   $5.00 or less for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof)
General depositary services, particularly those charged on an annual basis   Other services performed by the ADR depositary in administering the ADS program   No fee currently payable
Expenses of the ADR depositary   Expenses incurred on behalf of Holders in connection with: –  Expenses of the
ADR depositary in connection with the conversion of foreign currency into US dollars (which are paid out of such foreign currency)   Expenses payable at the sole discretion of the ADR depositary by billing Holders or by deducting charges from one or more cash dividends or other cash distributions
–  Taxes and other governmental charges
–  Cable, telex and facsimile transmission/delivery
–  Transfer or registration fees, if applicable, for the registration
of transfers or underlying ordinary shares
–  Any other charge payable by ADR depositary or its
agents

* The fee in relation to the distribution of cash dividends was $0.00396 per ADS in
respect of dividends paid in the year ended 31 December 2017


280 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional shareholder information


Fees and Payments made by the ADR
depositary to Barclays

The ADR depositary has agreed to provide Barclays with an amount based on the cash dividend, issuance and cancellations fees
charged during each twelve-month period for expenses incurred by Barclays in connection with the ADS program. Barclays is entitled to $1,014,629 for the year ended 31 December 2017, though such amount has not yet been paid to Barclays by the
ADR depositary.

Under certain circumstances, including
non-routine
 corporate actions, removal of the ADR depositary or
termination of the ADS program by Barclays, Barclays may be charged by the ADR depositary certain fees (including in connection with depositary services, certain expenses paid on behalf of Barclays, an administrative fee, fees for
non-routine
 services and corporate actions and any other reasonable fees/expenses incurred by the ADR depositary).

The ADR
depositary has agreed to waive certain of its fees chargeable to Barclays with respect to standard costs associated with the administration of the ADS program.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 281


Additional information


External auditor objectivity and
independence: Non-Audit
 Services

Our policy on the provision of services by the Group’s statutory Auditor (the
‘Policy’) sets out the circumstances in which the auditor may be permitted to undertake
non-audit
 work for the Group.


The Board Audit Committee oversees compliance with the Policy and considers and, if appropriate, approves requests to use the Auditor for

non-audit
 work. Allowable services are
pre-approved
 up to but not including £100,000 or £25,000 in the case of certain taxation services. The Group
Finance Director and the Company Secretary and their teams deal with day to day administration of the Policy, facilitating requests for approval.

Details of the
services that are prohibited and allowed under the Policy are set out below:

Services that are prohibited include:


–   Bookkeeping;
–   design and implementation of financial information systems;
–   design or implementation of internal controls or risk management services related to financial information
–   *appraisal or valuation services;
–   fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports;
–   *actuarial services;
–   internal audit;
–   management and Human Resources functions;
–   broker or dealer, investment advisor or investment banking services;
–   legal, expert and certain *tax services or personal services to persons in a financial reporting role; and
–   transaction-related and restructuring services.

*these may be permissible subject to compliance with certain requirements


Allowable services that the Board Audit Committee considers for approval include:


–   statutory audit and audit related services and regulatory non-audit services;
–   other attest and assurance services;
–   training, surveys and software;
–   risk management and controls advice;
–   transaction support;
–   taxation services;
–   business support and recoveries; and
–   translation services.


282 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


NYSE Corporate Governance Statement


As our main listing is on the London Stock Exchange, we follow the UK Corporate Governance Code. However, as Barclays also has American Depositary
Receipts listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), we are also subject to the NYSE’s Corporate Governance Rules (NYSE Rules). We are exempt from most of the NYSE Rules, which US domestic companies must follow, because we are a
non-US
 company listed on the NYSE. However, we are required to provide an Annual Written Affirmation to the NYSE of our compliance with the applicable NYSE Rules and must also disclose any significant differences
between our corporate governance practices and those followed by domestic US companies listed on the NYSE. Key differences between the Code and NYSE Rules are set out here:


Director Independence

NYSE Rules require the majority of the Board to be
independent. The Code requires at least half of the Board (excluding the Chairman) to be independent. The NYSE Rules contain different tests from the Code for determining whether a Director is independent. We follow the Code’s recommendations
as well as developing best practices among other UK public companies. The independence of our
non-executive
 Directors is reviewed by the Board on an annual basis and it takes into account the guidance in the
Code and the criteria we have established for determining independence, which are described on page 39.

Board Committees


We have a Board Nominations Committee and a Board Remuneration Committee, both of which are broadly similar in purpose and constitution to the Committees required by the
NYSE Rules and whose terms of reference comply with the Code’s requirements. The NYSE Rules state that both Committees must be composed entirely of independent Directors. As the Group Chairman was independent on appointment, the Code permits
him to chair the Board Nominations Committee. Except for this appointment, both Committees are composed solely of
non-executive
 Directors, whom the Board has determined to be independent. We comply with the
NYSE Rules requirement that we have a Board Audit Committee comprised solely of independent
non-executive
 Directors. However, we follow the Code recommendations, rather than the NYSE Rules, regarding the
responsibilities of the Board Audit Committee (except for applicable mandatory responsibilities under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), although both are broadly comparable. Although the NYSE Rules state that the Board Audit Committee is to take
responsibility for risk oversight, Barclays has additional Board Committees which address different areas of risk management. To enhance Board governance of risk, Barclays has two risk committees; the Board Risk Committee and the Board Reputation
Committee. A full description of each Board Committee can be found in the governance section.

Corporate Governance Guidelines


The NYSE Rules require domestic US companies to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines. There is no equivalent recommendation in the Code but the Board
Nominations Committee has developed corporate governance guidelines, ‘Corporate Governance in Barclays’, which have been approved and adopted by the Board.


Code of Ethics

The NYSE Rules require that domestic US companies adopt and
disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for Directors, officers and employees.
The Barclays Way
 was introduced in 2013, this is a Code of Conduct which outlines the Values and Behaviours which govern our way of working across our
business globally.
The Barclays Way
 has been adopted on a Group wide basis by all Directors, Officers and employees.
The Barclays Way
 is available to view on the Barclays website at home.barclays/about-barclays/barclays-values.


Shareholder Approval of Equity-compensation Plans

The NYSE listing standards
require that shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions to those plans. We comply with UK requirements, which are similar to the NYSE standards. However, the Board does not explicitly
take into consideration the NYSE’s detailed definition of what are considered ‘material revisions’.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 283


Additional information


Substantial shareholders


Major shareholders do not have different voting rights from those of other shareholders. Information provided to the Company by substantial shareholders pursuant to the
FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules are published via a Regulatory Information Service and is available on the Company’s website. As at 31 December 2017, the Company had been notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules of the following holdings of voting rights in its shares.


2017
Holder   Number of Barclays Shares   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capital a   Number of warrants   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capital
The Capital Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.98   -   -
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.99   -   -
BlackRock, Inc d   1,010,054,871   5.92   -   -

Notes

a The percentage of voting rights detailed
above was calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in accordance with Rule 5 of the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.

b The Capital Group
Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts. On 14 February 2018, CG disclosed by way of a Schedul;e 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of
1,167,912,211 ordinary shares of the Company as of 29 December 2017, representing 6.8% of that class of shares.

c Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar
Investment Authority. On 17 January 2018, Qatar Holding LLC disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 941,620,690 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017, representing 5.52% of that class
of shares.

d Total shown includes 2,009,814 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. Part of the holding is held as American Depositary
Receipts. On 30 January 2018, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,145,415,782 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2017, representing 6.7% of that class of shares.


Between 31 December 2017 and 19 February 2018 (the latest practicable date for inclusion in this report), the Company was notified that BlackRock, Inc.
now holds 990,743,261 Barclays shares, representing 5.80% of the total voting rights attached to issued share capital.

As at 20 February 2017 the Company had
been notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the UKLA of the following holdings of voting rights in its shares:


2016
Holder   Number of Barclays Shares   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capital a   Number of warrants   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capita l
The Capital Group Companies Inc b   1,172,090,125   6.98   -   -
Qatar Holding LLC c   1,017,455,690   5.99   -   -
BlackRock, Inc d   922,509,972   5.45   -   -

a The percentage of voting rights detailed above were as calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in accordance with
Rule 5 of the DTR.

b. The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part of the CG holding is held as American
Depositary Receipts.

c. Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority.


d Total shown includes 3,860,531 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. On 19 January 2017, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed by way of a Schedule
13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,054,988,420 ordinary shares of the Company as of 31 December 2016, representing 6.2% of that class of shares.


On 23 January 2017 the Company was notified that Norges Bank now holds 508,175,594 Barclays shares, representing 2.996% of the total voting rights attached to the
issued share capital. The relevant threshold for UK disclosure is 3%, so Norges Bank will make no further notifications to the Company unless they again exceed 3% of the total voting rights attached to the issued share capital.


284 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


As at 29 February 2016 the Company had been notified under Rule 5 of the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the UKLA of the following holdings of voting rights in
its shares:


2015
Holder   Number of Barclays Shares   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capital a   Number of warrants   % of total voting rights attached to issued share capital
Qatar Holding LLC b   813,964,552   6.65   -   -
BlackRock, Inc c   822,938,075   5.02   -   -
The Capital Group Companies Inc d   1,172,090,125   6.98   -   -
Norges Bank   506,870,056   3.02   -   -

a The percentage of voting rights detailed above were as calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in accordance with
Rule 5 of the DTR.

b Qatar Holding LLC is wholly-owned by Qatar Investment Authority.


c Total shown includes 1,408,618 contracts for difference to which voting rights are attached. On 25 January 2016, BlackRock, Inc. disclosed, by way of a Schedule
13G filed with the SEC, beneficial ownership of 1,109,026,156 ordinary shares of Barclays PLC as of 31 December 2015, representing 6.6% of that class of shares.


d The Capital Group Companies Inc (CG) holds its shares via CG Management companies and funds. Part of the CG holding is held as American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)
with a ratio of 1 share to every 4 ADRs.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 285


Additional information


Disclosure controls and procedures


The Chief Executive, James E Staley, and the Group Finance Director, Tushar Morzaria, conducted with Group Management an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Group’s disclosure controls and procedures of each of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC as at 31 December 2017, which are defined as those controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarised and reported within the time periods specified in the US Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and
forms. As of the date of the evaluation, the Chief Executive and Group Finance Director concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


Board of Directors

John McFarlane, Chairman


John is Chairman of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC. He is a senior figure in global banking and financial services circles having spent over 40 years in the
sector. John brings extensive experience in banking including investment, corporate and retail banking, as well as expertise in insurance, strategy, risk business transformation and cultural change.


John is currently Chairman of TheCityUK and a member of the Financial Services Trade and Investment Board and the European Financial Round Table. Other current
non-executive
 directorships included Westfield Corporation, Old Oak Holdings Limited and The International Monetary Conference. John was previously Chairman of Aviva plc where he oversaw a transformation of the
company FirstGroup plc, and the Australian Bankers Association. He was also a
non-
 executive director of The Royal Bank of Scotland, joining at the time of the UK government rescue. Prior to that he was Chief
Executive Officer of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited for 10 years, Group Executive Director of Standard Chartered plc and head of Citibank in the UK and Ireland. Other current external appointments include member of Cranfield School
of Management Advisory Board, member of Institut International d’Etudes Bancaires and member of the President’s Committee Confederation of British Industry.


Jes Staley, Chief Executive, Executive Director

Jes Staley joined Barclays as
Group Chief Executive on 1 December 2015. Jes has nearly four decades of extensive experience in banking and financial services. He worked for more than 30 years at JP Morgan, initially training as a commercial banker, later advancing to the
leadership of major businesses involving equities, private banking and asset management, and ultimately heading the company’s Global Investment Bank. Jes is currently a member of the Institute of International Finance and formerly served as
Managing Partner at BlueMountain Capital.

Sir Gerry Grimstone, Deputy Chairman,
Non-executive
 Director


Sir Gerry Grimstone is Deputy Chairman and Senior Independent Director of Barclays and chairs the Board Reputation Committee. He is also chairman of Standard Life
Aberdeen plc, one of the UK’s largest savings and investments businesses. He is an independent
non-executive
 board member of Deloitte NWE LLP where he represents the public interest and a Board advisor to
the Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank. Within the UK public sector, he is the lead
non-executive
 at the Ministry of Defence and is a member of HM Treasury’s Financial Services Trade and Investment
Board. From 2012-2015, Gerry served as the chairman of TheCityUK, the representative body for the financial and professional services industry in the UK. Gerry has held a number of board appointments in the public and private sectors
and has served as one of the UK’s Business Ambassadors. He was previously a senior investment banker at Schroders and ran businesses in London, New York and Asia Pacific. He specialised in mergers and acquisitions and capital-raising for
major companies worldwide. Prior to that, he was an official in HM Treasury where he was responsible for privatisation and policy towards state-owned enterprises.


Mike Ashley,
Non-executive
 Director


Mike joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in September 2013. He was formerly head of quality and risk management for KPMG
Europe LLP (ELLP), which forms part of the KPMG global network, where his responsibilities included the management of professional risks and quality control. He was a member of the ELLP Board and was also KPMG UK’s designated Ethics Partner.
Mike has over 20 years’ experience as an audit partner, during which he was the lead audit partner for several large financial services groups, most recently HSBC Holdings PLC and Standard Chartered PLC, and also for the Bank of England. Mike
has an in depth understanding of auditing and the associated regulatory issues, with specific experience of large, global banks. Mike’s other current principal external appointments are Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales’ Ethics Standards Committee (member), Charity Commission (board member), Government Internal Audit Agency (chairman) and International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (member).


Tim Breedon,
Non-executive
 Director


Tim was appointed to the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in November 2012. Tim held a number of roles at Legal &
General Group plc (L&G) before joining its board as Group Director (Investments) and becoming Group Chief Executive, a position he held from January 2006 to June 2012. Tim was a director of the Association of British Insurers (ABI), and also
served as its chairman. He was also chairman of the UK Government’s
non-bank
 lending taskforce, an
industry-led
 taskforce that looked at the structural and
behavioural barriers to the development of alternative debt markets in the UK. Tim was a director of the Financial Reporting Council and was on the board of the Investment Management Association. Tim has over 25 years of experience in financial
services and has extensive knowledge and experience of regulatory and government relationships. He brings to the Board the experience and knowledge of leading a financial services company, combined with an understanding of the UK and EU regulatory
environment and risk management. His customer focus and understanding of investor issues, gained both at L&G and the ABI, is of particular relevance to Barclays.

Tim’s other current principal external appointments are as chairman of
Apax Global Alpha Limited and chairman of The Northview Group.

Mary Francis, CBE,
Non-executive
 director


Mary Francis CBE was appointed to the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in October 2016. Mary has extensive board-level
experience across a range of industries and is currently serving on the boards of Swiss Re Group and Ensco plc. She has previously served as Senior Independent Director on the board of Centrica and as a

non-executive
 director of Aviva, Cable & Wireless Communications, the Bank of England and Alliance & Leicester. In her executive career, Mary was a senior civil servant in HM Treasury for
twelve years, before serving as Private Secretary to the Prime Minister, Deputy Private Secretary to the Queen and as Director General of the Association of British Insurers.


Crawford Gillies,
Non-executive
 Director


Crawford joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in May 2014. Crawford has over three decades of business and management
experience, initially with Bain & Company, a firm of international management consultants, where he was managing director Europe from 2001 to 2005. While at Bain he worked with major companies in the UK, Continental Europe and North America
across multiple sectors. From 2007-2016 Crawford was on the board of Standard Life plc, where he has chaired the remuneration committee. He was chairman of the law firm Hammonds, now Squire Sanders (2006 - 2009),


286 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


has chaired Control Risks International since 2007 and chaired
Touch Bionics (2006 - 2011), an innovative medical device company. Crawford was also on the board of MITIE Group PLC from 2012 to July 2015. He has also held public sector posts in England and Scotland. He was an independent member of the
Department of Trade and Industry (2002 - 2007) and chaired its Audit and Risk Committee (2003 - 2007). He is former chairman of Scottish Enterprise and of the Confederation of British Industry in London. Crawford’s other current
principal external appointments are as senior
non-executive
 director of SSE plc and Chairman of The Edrington Group Limited.


Reuben Jeffery III,
Non-executive
 Director


Reuben joined the Board in July 2009 as a
non-executive
 Director. He is currently CEO, president and a director of
Rockefeller & Co Inc. and Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Reuben served in the US government as under secretary of State for Economic, Energy and Agricultural Affairs, as chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and as a
special assistant to the President on the staff of the National Security Council. Before his government service, Reuben spent 18 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co where he was managing partner of Goldman Sachs in Paris and led the firm’s
European financial institutions group in London. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Reuben was a corporate attorney with Davis Polk & Wardwell. Reuben has a broad range of financial services experience, particularly investment banking, and in
addition brings extensive insight into the US political and regulatory environment. Reuben’s other current principal external appointments are Advisory Board of Towerbrook Capital Partners LP (member), Financial Services Volunteer Corps
(director), and The Asia Foundation (trustee).

Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, Executive Director


Tushar joined the Board and Group Executive Committee of Barclays in October 2013 as Group Finance Director. Prior to this, he was CFO, corporate and investment bank at
JP Morgan, a role he held on the merger of the investment bank and the wholesale treasury/security services business at JP Morgan. Prior to the merger, he was CFO of the investment bank and held other various roles during his career at JP Morgan.


Tushar qualified as an accountant at Coopers and Lybrand Deloitte and for most of his career he has worked in investment banking, having held various roles at SG
Warburg, JP Morgan and Credit Suisse. Tushar has over 20 years of strategic financial management experience, which prove invaluable in his role as Group Finance Director.


Dambisa Moyo,
Non-executive
 Director


Dambisa joined the Board in May 2010 as a
non-executive
 Director. She is an international economist and commentator on the global
economy, with a background in financial services. After completing a PhD in Economics, she worked for Goldman Sachs in the debt capital markets, hedge funds coverage and global macroeconomics teams. Dambisa has also worked for the World Bank and
formerly served as a
non-executive
 director of Lundin Petroleum AB (publ) SABMiller PLC (2009- 2016) and Seagate Technology (2015-2017). Dambisa’s background as an economist, in particular her knowledge
and understanding of global macroeconomic issues and African economic, political and social issues, provides an important contribution to the Board’s discussion of Barclays’ business and citizenship strategy. Dambisa’s other
current principal external appointments are as
non-executive
 director of Barrick Gold Corporation and Chevron Corporation.


Diane Schueneman,
Non-executive
 Director


Diane was appointed to the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in June 2015 and is a member of the Board of Barclays US LLC,
Barclays US intermediate holding company and Chair of Barclays Services Limited. Diane has extensive experience in managing global, cross-discipline business operations, client services and technology in the financial services industry. She spent 37
years with Merrill Lynch and held senior roles with responsibility for banking, brokerage services and technology provided to the company’s retail and middle market clients, and latterly for IT, operations and client services worldwide as
senior vice president & head of global infrastructure solutions. As a consultant at McKinsey & Company she advised the IRS Commissioner in the US and has held a number of
non-executive

directorships.

Sir Ian Cheshire,
Non-executive
 Director


Sir Ian was appointed to the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in April 2017 and is Chairman of Barclays UK PLC. Sir Ian Cheshire
was appointed Group Chief Executive of Kingfisher plc from January 2008 and left the group in early 2015. Prior to this he was Chief Executive of B&Q. His previous roles at Kingfisher from 1998 onwards include Chief Executive of
International and Development, Chief Executive of
e-Kingfisher
 and Group Director of Strategy and Development. Before Kingfisher he worked for a series of large and small retail business over 15 years
including Sears plc, the owners of Selfridges. He is currently the Chairman of Debenhams plc, Chairman of Menhaden plc and President of the Business Disability Forum President’s Group. He was Senior Independent Director of Whitbread
plc and has previously been Chairman of the British Retail Consortium and Chairman of the Prince of Wales Corporate Leaders Group on Climate Change. In addition, he chaired the Ecosystem Markets Task Force. Sir Ian retired as
non-executive
 director of Bradford & Bingley plc eight years ago. Sir Ian has won a number of awards including Lifetime contributions to retailing, green business and the Fortune WEF award for leadership in
the circular economy. Sir Ian was knighted in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to Business, Sustainability and the Environment and is a Chevalier of the Ordre National du Merite of France. Other current appointments include Lead
non-executive
 director for the Government.

Matthew Lester,
Non-executive
 Director


Matthew joined the Board as a
non-executive
 Director in September 2017. Matthew has a strong financial background and
extensive board level experience across a range of sectors, including financial services. He is currently a
non-executive
 director of Man Group plc and Capita plc, where he also chairs the Audit and Risk
Committees of both companies. Matthew was Chief Financial Officer of Royal Mail Group during the period of preparation for privatisation and for the first four years as a listed entity, and a member of the FTSE 100. Prior to that he was Group CFO of
ICAP plc, the world largest interdealer broker. His earlier experience included 10 years in a variety of senior fiancé roles ar Diagio plc including Group Treasurer and Group Financial Controller. He spent eight years at Kleinwort Benson in
Corporate Finance.

Mike Turner,
Non-executive
 Director


Mike has considerable business and board level experience gained from his lengthy career with BAE Systems PLC where he was CEO as well as his
non-executive
 positions. He has a strong commercial background and experience in strategy and operational performance culture. Mike brings significant


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 287


Additional information


leadership and strategic oversight experience to the Board,
particularly from his roles as Chairman of Babcock International Group PLC and Chairman of GKN Plc.

Stephen Shapiro, Company Secretary


Stephen was appointed Company Secretary in November 2017 having previously served as the Group Company Secretary and Deputy General Counsel of SABMiller plc. Prior to
this he practised law as a partner in a law firm in South Africa, and subsequently in the UK. Stephen has extensive experience in corporate governance, legal, regulatory and compliance matters. Stephen has also previously served as Chairman of
the ICC UK’s Committee on Anti-Corruption as well as on working groups of the GC100, providing business input into key areas of legislative and policy reform.

Group Executive Committee

Jes Staley, Group Chief Executive, Executive Director


See above for full biography.

Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director, Executive
Director

See above for full biography.

Paul Compton, Group Chief
Operating Officer

Paul joined Barclays as Group Chief Operating Officer in May 2016. In this role, Paul is responsible for leading the global
Operations & Technology functions, driving the implementation of the structural reform and cost transformation programmes, and for the delivery of other major bank-wide projects. Prior to joining Barclays, Paul was the Chief Administrative
Officer of JPMorgan Chase, and was accountable for overseeing global technology, operations, real estate and general services. Before being appointed in this role in 2013, Paul served as
Co-Chief

Administrative Officer for the Corporate & Investment Bank, Deputy Head of Operations for JPMorgan Chase, and head of the JPMorgan Chase Global Service Centre in India. Paul started his career at JPMorgan in 1997, and first led the overhaul
of the wholesale bank’s credit risk infrastructure, before taking on the role as Chief Financial Officer for the Investment Bank. Previous to JP Morgan, Paul spent 10 years as Principal at Ernst & Young in the Brisbane and New York
offices.. He has previously been a member of the Board of Directors of the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation (DTCC) American Australian Association and the American Red Cross of Greater New York.


Bob Hoyt, Group General Counsel

Bob joined Barclays in October 2013 and is
responsible for all legal and regulatory matters across Barclays as Group General Counsel. Previously, Bob was at PNC Financial Services Group, where he was General Counsel and Chief Regulatory Affairs Officer, having previously served as Deputy
General Counsel since 2009. Between 2006 and 2009, Bob served as General Counsel of the US Department of the Treasury where he was the Chief Legal Officer of the department and a senior policy advisor to Secretary Henry M. Paulson, Jr. Prior to that
Bob served at the White House where he was Special Assistant and Associate Counsel to President George W. Bush. Earlier in his career, Bob was a partner in the Securities, Litigation and Corporate departments of the law firm of Wilmer Cutler
Pickering Hale and Dorr (WilmerHale).

Tristram Roberts, Group Human Resources Director


Tristram is the Group Human Resources Director. Tristram joined Barclays in July 2013 as HR Director for the Investment Bank. His remit was expanded in May 2014 to
include HR responsibilities for Barclays
Non-Core,
 and became the Group HR Director in December 2015. Prior to Barclays, Tristram was Head of Human Resources for Global Functions and Operations &
Technology at HSBC Holdings PLC, as well as group head of performance and reward. Previously, he was group reward and policy director for Vodafone Group Plc. Tristram began his career in consulting. He became a partner with Arthur Andersen in 2001
and was subsequently a partner with both Deloitte and KPMG.

Tim Throsby, President, Barclays International and Chief Executive Officer, Corporate and Investment
Bank

Tim Throsby is President of Barclays International and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate and Investment Bank at Barclays. In May 2017, Tim took on
the additional role of interim Head of Markets. Based in London, he is a member of the Group Executive Committee. Prior to joining Barclays in January 2017, Tim worked for JP Morgan where he held a variety of senior management roles, most recently
serving as Global Head of Equities. Tim has had an extensive career in banking and asset management, working initially for Credit Suisse and Macquarie, before joining Goldman Sachs in 1995 as a Managing Director and

Co-Head
 of Equity Derivatives for Asia. In 2002, he joined Lehman Brothers to lead the Asia Equities Division, before relocating to New York in 2004 to run the global Equity Derivatives business as well as
risk arbitrage. In 2005, he became President of Citadel Asia where he oversaw the investment firm’s Asia business. He serves on the board of Human Dignity Trust, and is a school governor at the Ark Oval Primary Academy.


C.S. Venkatakrishnan (“Venkat”), Chief Risk Officer

Venkat joined as
Chief Risk Officer in March 2016. Venkat is responsible for helping to define, set and manage the risk profile of Barclays. He has over 20 years of financial market and risk management expertise. Venkat worked at JP Morgan

from 1994, most
recently as Head of Model Risk and Development and Operational Risk. Prior to this, he worked in fixed income structuring at the JP Morgan Investment Bank. This followed upon 14 years in JP Morgan Asset Management where he held senior positions in
the Global Fixed Income business.

Ashok Vaswani, CEO, Barclays UK

Ashok
is the CEO for Barclays UK, covering Retail Banking, Wealth, Business Banking and Barclaycard UK. Ashok joined Barclays in 2010, managing the credit card business across the UK, Europe and the Nordics, becoming chairman of Entercard. He went on to
manage Barclays in Africa, Barclays Retail Business Bank globally and Barclays Personal and Corporate Banking. Ashok is a member of Barclays Bank UK PLC Board, UK Finance Board and the Trustee Board at Citizens Advice. He also sits on the advisory
boards of a number of institutions such as Rutberg & Co and is Founder Director of
Lend-a-Hand,
 a
non-profit

organisation focused on rural education in India. Ashok has previously served as a Non-executive Director on the Board of Barclays Africa Group Limited, the board of directors, Telenor ASA and on the advisory boards of SP Jain Institute of
Management,


288 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Insead Singapore and Visa Asia Pacific. Prior to Barclays, Ashok
was a partner with a J P Morgan Chase funded private equity firm - Brysam Global Partners, which focused on building retail financial service businesses in emerging markets. Ashok also spent 20 years with Citigroup where his last position was as
CEO, Asia Pacific. He was also a member of the Citigroup Operating Committee, the Citigroup Management Committee and the Global Consumer Planning Group.

Laura
Padovani, Interim Group Chief Compliance Officer

Laura is currently the Interim Group Chief Compliance Officer for Barclays and has worked at the bank since
joining as the Head of Global Compliance Services in 2015. In 2016, Laura’s role was expanded to cover the Compliance Chief of Staff Office, where she would deputise for the Chief Compliance Officer in various capacities. Laura joined from
American Express and has over 25 years of financial services experience. She started her career with American Express in Argentina in 1991 where she established the first Compliance office and
co-ordinated

their Legal function. Laura moved to New York in 1997 to assist with the development of the Global Anti-Money Laundering Program for American Express. In 2000, Laura broadened her Financial Services experience moving to Aviva as the Head of
International Compliance responsible for all
non-UK
 offices across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Laura returned to American Express in 2004, focused on Global Consumer Financial Services and European
Emerging Markets, and then as the Global Head of International Regulatory Compliance. Laura obtained a Law degree from the University of Buenos Aires and a postgraduate Masters in Law (LLM) from the London School of Economics and Political Science,
with specialisation in Banking Law and Financial Services Regulation. Laura is fluent in Spanish and Italian and has been involved in many networking initiatives for Women, both at American Express and now at Barclays.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 289


Additional information


Section 13(r) to the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Iran sanctions and related
disclosure)

Section 13(r) of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) requires each SEC reporting issuer to
disclose in its annual and, if applicable, quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with the Government of Iran or certain designated natural
persons or entities involved in terrorism or the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction during the period covered by the report. The requirement includes disclosure of activities not prohibited by US or other law even if conducted outside the
US by
non-US
 companies or affiliates in compliance with local law. Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act we note the following in relation to activity occurring in 2017, the period covered by this
annual report, or in relation to activity we became aware of in 2017 relating to disclosable activity prior to the reporting period. Barclays attributed revenue of less than £18,500 in 2017 in relation to the activities disclosed below.


Legacy guarantees

Between 1993 and 2006, Barclays entered into several
guarantees for the benefit of Iranian banks in connection with the supply of goods and services by Barclays’ customers to Iranian buyers. These were counter guarantees issued to the Iranian banks to support guarantees issued by these banks to
the Iranian buyers. The Iranian banks and a number of the Iranian buyers were subsequently designated as Specially Designated Nationals (“SDNs”) by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). In
addition, between 1993 and 2005, Barclays entered into similar guarantees between for the benefit of a Syrian bank that was subsequently designated an SDN.

The
guarantees were issued either on:


(i)   an “extend or pay” basis which means that, although the guarantee is of limited duration on its face, until there is full performance under the contract to provide goods and services, the terms of the
guarantee require Barclays to either maintain the guarantee or pay the beneficiary bank the full amount of the guarantee; or


(ii)   the basis that Barclays’ obligations can only be discharged with the consent of the beneficiary counter party.


Barclays is not able to exit its obligations under the guarantees unilaterally, and thus maintains a limited legacy portfolio of these guarantees. The guarantees were in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations at the time at which they were entered into.

Since the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action
(“JCPOA”) on 16 January 2016, Barclays has terminated a number of these Iran-related legacy guarantees and intends to terminate the remainder where agreement can be reached with the counterparty, in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations. All payments made in connection with termination of the guarantees have been made in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

Barclays
attributed revenue of less than £16,000 in 2017 in relation to this activity.

Lease payments


Barclays is party to a long-term lease, entered into in 1979, with the National Iranian Oil Company (“NIOC”), pursuant to which Barclays rents part of NIOC
House in London to house a Barclays bank branch. NIOC is the custodian trustee for the NIOC Pension Fund. The lease is for 60 years, contains no early termination clause and has 22 years remaining. Barclays makes quarterly lease payments to Naft
Trading and Technology Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the NIOC Pension Fund in respect of this lease. NIOC is wholly owned by the Iranian


Government and was an SDN until it was delisted by OFAC and the EU in January 2016 following implementation of sanctions relief under the JCPOA. In December 2012, NIOC Pension Fund was added to a
sanctions list in the UK by HM Treasury (“HMT”). As a result of the listing, quarterly lease payments are made to a frozen account at Turkiye Is Bankasi in line with UK regulations. Sanctions on NIOC Pension Fund were lifted by HMT on 18
January 2017. Barclays attributed no revenue in 2017 in relation to this activity.

Local Clearing System


Banks in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), including certain Iranian banks that are or were SDNs, participate in the various banking payment and settlement
systems used in the UAE (the “UAE Clearing Systems”). Barclays, by virtue of its banking activities in the UAE, participates in the UAE Clearing Systems, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. However, in order to help
mitigate the risk of participating in transactions in which participant Iranian SDN banks may be involved, Barclays has implemented restrictions relating to its participation in the UAE Image Cheque Clearance System (ICCS) and the UAE Funds Transfer
System activity, as well as restricting activity via the Wages Protection Scheme (WPS). Barclays attributed no revenue in 2017 in relation to this activity.


Payments notified

Barclays maintains a relationship with HM Revenue &
Customs (“HMRC”), a UK government agency, which received funds from an OFAC SDN designated under the Specially Designated Global Terrorism (“SDGT”), Iran, and Iranian Financial Sanctions Regulations (“IFSR”) regimes in
relation to the settlement of tax liabilities with the UK Government. The payments were received by Barclays and credited to the HMRC account. The payment activity was covered by licenses issued by OFAC and HM Treasury. Barclays attributed
revenue under £180 in 2017 in relation to this activity.

In March 2016, a Barclays customer was designated under the SDGT regime by OFAC. The customer’s
accounts were closed and the remaining balances were moved to a sundry account in accordance with applicable laws. However, one GBP credit card remained open in error, and the customer made purchases on the card from October 2016 through January
2017. A review of the transactions was completed and no transactions were found to be in breach of applicable U.S. or other regulations. A block has now been applied to the card to prevent any further spending and repayments by the customer are
being made in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Barclays attributed revenue of less than £2,200 in 2017 in relation to this activity.

In 2010,
Barclays froze three customer accounts (denominated in USD, Euro and GBP) in which the customer was holding funds on behalf of a company that was an Iranian SDN, owned by the Government of Iran. The Iranian company was removed from the SDN list in
January 2016, and in October 2017 it requested that Barclays return the funds directly to it. The balances on the customer’s Euro and GBP account were repaid to the Iranian company in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. The
customer’s USD account remains frozen. Barclays attributed revenue of less than £90 in 2017 in relation to this activity.

Barclays identified one Euro
payment in 2017 that credited the account of a customer from a company believed to be controlled by the Government of Iran. The payment was made via a third party and the payment message contained no reference to Iran. Therefore, Barclays was not
aware that the remittance was on behalf of a company controlled by the Government of Iran. The payment related to the sale


290 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


of medical goods. Barclays attributed no revenue in 2017 in relation to this activity.


Based on an investigation undertaken in 2017, Barclays identified one GBP payment made in 2015 that credited the account of a customer which Barclays learned had
ultimately originated from a Ministry of the Government of Iran. The payment was made via a third party and the payment message contained no reference to Iran. Therefore, Barclays was not aware that the remittance was on behalf of a Ministry of the
Government of Iran. The payment was subsequently disclosed to the local regulator, the UK Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (“OFSI”). Barclays attributed no revenue in relation to this activity.


Based on an investigation undertaken in 2017, Barclays identified nine inbound and three outbound Euro payments made in 2013 and 2014 that passed through the account of
a customer which Barclays now believes had ultimately originated from an OFAC SDN designated under the IFSR and the
Non-Proliferation
 of Weapons of Mass Destruction (“NPWMD”) regimes. The SDN was
delisted in January 2016. The payments were made via third parties and the payment messages contained no reference to the SDN. Therefore, Barclays was


not aware that the remittances were on behalf of the SDN. The payments were subsequently disclosed to the local regulators, OFSI and the National Crime Agency. Upon identifying these payments
that related to an SDN, Barclays issued a notice to close to the customer. Barclays attributed revenue of less than £260 in relation to this activity.

Based
on an investigation undertaken in 2017, Barclays identified one GBP payment made in 2016 that credited the account of a customer from their account at another UK Financial Institution. Barclays now believes that the payment related to legal advice
the customer was providing to an OFAC SDN designated under the IFSR and NPWMD regimes, which is also a Ministry of the Government of Iran. The payment message contained no reference to the SDN or Iran. Therefore, Barclays was not aware that the
remittance was on behalf of the SDN. Barclays also identified two internal GBP transfers, one in 2016 and another in 2017, between the customer’s client account and the customer’s office account. All payment activity was covered by
licences issued by HM Treasury and was made in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Barclays attributed revenue of less than £10 in 2017 in relation to this activity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 291


Additional information


Summary of Barclays Group share and cash plans and long-term incentive
plans

Barclays operates a number of share, cash and long-term incentive plans. The principal plans used for awards made in or, in respect of, the 2016
performance year are shown in the table below. Awards are granted by the Board Remuneration Committee, and are subject to the applicable plan rules. Barclays has a number of employee benefit trusts which operate with these plans. In some cases the
trustee purchases shares in the market to satisfy awards; in others, new issue or treasury shares may be used to satisfy awards where the appropriate shareholder approval has been obtained. Maria Ramos, Chief Executive of Barclays Africa Group
Limited, also participates in share and cash plans and long-term incentive plans of Barclays Africa Group Limited.


Summary of principal share and cash plans and long-term incentive plans


Name of plan   Eligible employees   Executive Directors eligible   Delivery   Design details
Deferred Share Value Plan (DSVP)   All employees (excluding Directors)   No   Deferred share bonus typically released in annual instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus
provisions   –  Plan typically used for mandatory deferral of a
proportion of bonus into Barclays shares where bonus is above a threshold (set annually by the Committee) –  This plan typically works in tandem with the CVP –  Deferred share bonus vests over three,
five or seven years in equal annual instalments dependent on future service –  Vesting is subject to malus, and suspension provisions and the other provisions of the rules of the plan –  Dividend equivalents may be released
based on the number of shares under award that are released –  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers normally remain eligible for release (on the scheduled release
dates) subject to the Committee and/or trustee discretion. For other leavers, awards will normally lapse –  On change of control, awards may vest at the Committee’s and/or trustee’s discretion –  For SVP awards made in respect of 2016
to Material Risk Takers (“MRTs”), a holding period of 6 months will apply to shares (after tax) on release
Share Value Plan (SVP)   All employees (including
executive Directors)   Yes   Deferred share bonus typically released in annual instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus
provisions   –  The SVP is in all material respects the same as
the DSVP described above. The principle differences are that executive Directors may only participate in the SVP and under the DSVP, if a MRT whose award is deferred over five or seven years resigns after the third anniversary of grant, they will be
treated as an eligible leaver in respect of any unvested tranches of that award.
Cash Value Plan (CVP)   All employees (excludingDirectors)   No   Deferred cash bonus paid in annual instalments over a three, five or seven year period, dependent on future service and subject to malus
provisions   –  Plan typically used for mandatory deferral of a
proportion of bonus where bonus is above a threshold (set annually by the Committee) –  This plan typically works in tandem with the DSVP –  Deferred cash bonus vests over three
years in equal annual instalments dependent on future service –  Vesting is subject to malus, suspension provisions and the other provisions of the rules of the plan –  Participants may be awarded a service
credit of 10% of the initial value of the award on the third anniversary of a grant –  Change of control and leaver provisions are as for
SVP


292 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Barclays LTIP   Selected employees (including executive Directors)   Yes   Awards over Barclays shares or over other capital instruments, subject to risk-adjusted performance conditions and malus provisions   –  Awarded on a
discretionary basis with participation reviewed by the Committee –  Awards only vest if the risk-adjusted performance conditions are satisfied over a three year period –  Vesting is subject to malus, suspension
provisions and the other provisions of the rules of the plan –  Any Barclays shares released under the Barclays LTIP award (after payment of tax) will be subject to an
additional holder period of no less than the minimum regulatory requirements (currently 6 months). –  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers normally remain eligible for release (on the scheduled release
dates) pro-rated for time and performance. For other leavers, awards will normally lapse –  On change of control, awards may vest at the Committee’s discretion
Sharesave   All employees in the UK and Ireland   Yes   Options over Barclays shares at a discount of 20%, with shares or cash value of savings delivered after three to five years   –  HMRC tax advantaged
plan in the UK and approved by the Revenue Commissioners in Ireland –  Opportunity to purchase Barclays shares at a discount price (currently a 20% discount) set on award date with
savings made over three, five or seven year term –  Maximum individual savings of £250 per month
( € 315 in Ireland) –  On cessation of employment, eligible leavers may exercise options and acquire shares to the extent of their
savings for six months –  On change of
control, participants may exercise options and acquire shares to the extent of their savings for six months
Sharepurchase   All employees in the UK   Yes   Barclays shares and dividend/matching shares held in trust for three to five years   –  HMRC tax advantaged
plan –  Participants may purchase up to
£1,800 of Barclays shares each tax year –  Barclays matches the first £600 of shares purchased by employees on a one for one basis for each tax
year –  Dividends received are awarded
as additional shares –  Purchased
shares may be withdrawn at any time (though if removed prior to three years from award, the corresponding matching shares are forfeited). –  On cessation of employment, participants must withdraw shares –  Depending on reason for and timing of
leaving, matching shares may be forfeited –  On change of control, participants are


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 293


Additional information


able to
instruct the Sharepurchase trustee how to act or vote on their behalf
Global Sharepurchase   Employees in certain non-UK jurisdictions   Yes   Barclays shares and dividend/matching shares held in trust for three to five years   –  Global Sharepurchase
is an extension of the Sharepurchase plan offered in the UK –  Operates in substantially the same way as
Sharepurchase (see above)


294 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Related undertakings


The Group’s corporate structure consists of a number of related undertakings, comprising subsidiaries, joint ventures, associates and
significant other interests. A full list of these undertakings, the country of incorporation and the ownership of each share class is set out below. The information is provided as at 31 December 2017.


The entities are grouped by the countries in which they are incorporated. The profits earned by the activities of these entities are in some cases
taxed in countries other than the country of incorporation. Barclays’ 2017 Country Snapshot provides details of where the Group carries on its business, where its profits are subject to tax and the taxes it pays in each country it operates in.


Wholly owned subsidiaries

Unless otherwise stated the undertakings below are wholly owned and consolidated by Barclays and the share capital disclosed comprises ordinary and/or common shares, 100% of the nominal value of which is held by Group subsidiaries.


Notes
A   Directly held by Barclays
PLC
B   Partnership Interest
C   Membership Interest
D   Trust Interest
E   Guarantor
F   Preference Shares
G   A Preference Shares
H   B Preference Shares
I   Ordinary/Common Shares in addition to other
shares
J   A Ordinary Shares
K   B Ordinary Shares
L   C Ordinary Shares
M   F Ordinary Shares
N   O Ordinary Shares
O   W Ordinary Shares
P   Redeemable Ordinary
Shares
Q   Core Shares and Insurance (Classified)
Shares
R   B, C, D, E (94.36%), F (94.36%), G (94.36%), H (94.36%), I (94.36%), J (95.23%) and K Class Shares
S   A Unit Shares, B Unit
Shares
T   Class A Residual Shares, Class B
Residual Shares
U   A Voting Shares, B Non-Voting Shares


V   Class A Ordinary Shares, Class A Preference Shares, Class B Ordinary Shares, Class C Ordinary Shares, Class C
Preference Shares, Class D Ordinary Shares, Class D Preference Shares, Class E Ordinary Shares, Class E Preference Shares, Class F Ordinary Shares, Class F Preference Shares, Class H 2012 Ordinary Shares, Class H 2012
Preference Shares, Class H Ordinary Shares, Class H Preference Shares, Class I Preference Shares, Class J Preference Shares
W   First Class Common Shares, Second Class Common Shares
X   PEF Carry Shares
Y   EUR Tracker 1 Shares, GBP Tracker 1 Shares, USD Tracker 1 Shares, USD Tracker 2 Shares, USD Tracker 3 shares
Z   Not Consolidated (refer to Note 37 Structured entities)
AA   USD Linked Ordinary Shares
BB   Redeemable Class B Shares
CC   A Ordinary, Y Ordinary, Z Ordinary
DD   Nominal Shares
EE   A Ordinary, D Ordinary, ZI Ordinary
FF   Z Ordinary
GG   Class A1 Ordinary Shares, Class A2 Ordinary Shares
HH   Class A Unit Shares
II   A Shares – Tranche I, Premium – Tranche I, C Shares – Tranche II, Premium – Tranche II


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Aequor Investments Limited
Ardencroft Investments Limited
B D & B Investments Limited
B.P.B. (Holdings) Limited
Barafor Limited
Barclay Leasing Limited
Barclays (Security Realisation) Limited
Barclays Aegis Trust   D
Barclays Africa Group Holdings Limited   J, K
Barclays Aldersgate Investments Limited
Barclays Asset Management Limited
Barclays Bank PLC   A, F, I
Barclays Bank UK PLC
Barclays Cantal Investments Trust   D
Barclays Capital Asia Holdings Limited
Barclays Capital Finance Limited
Barclays Capital Japan Securities Holdings Limited
Barclays Capital Luxembourg S.à.r.l. Trust   D
Barclays Capital Margin Financing Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees (No.2) Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees (No.3) Limited
Barclays Capital Nominees Limited
Barclays Capital Principal Investments Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Client Nominee Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Limited   F, I
Barclays CCP Funding LLP   B
Barclays Converted Investments (No.2) Limited
Barclays Converted Investments Limited
Barclays Direct Investing Nominees Limited
Barclays Directors Limited
Barclays Equity Holdings Limited
Barclays Equity Index Investments Bare Trust   D
Barclays Executive Schemes Trustees Limited
Barclays Financial Planning Nominee Company Limited
Barclays Funds Investments Limited
Barclays Global Shareplans Nominee Limited
Barclays Group Holdings Limited
Barclays Group Operations Limited
Barclays Industrial Development Limited


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Barclays Industrial Investments Limited
Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited
Barclays Investment Management Limited
Barclays Investment Solutions Limited
Barclays Lamorak Trust   D
Barclays Leasing (No.9) Limited
Barclays Long Island Limited
Barclays Luxembourg USD Holdings Trust   D
Barclays Marlist Limited
Barclays Mercantile Business Finance Limited
Barclays Mercantile Limited
Barclays Nominees (Branches) Limited
Barclays Nominees (George Yard) Limited
Barclays Nominees (K.W.S.) Limited
Barclays Nominees (Provincial) Limited
Barclays Pension Funds Trustees Limited
Barclays Private Bank
Barclays Private Banking Services Limited
Barclays SAMS Limited
Barclays Security Trustee Limited   A
Barclays Services Limited   A
Barclays Services (Japan) Limited
Barclays Shea Limited
Barclays Singapore Global Shareplans Nominee Limited
Barclays Stockbrokers Limited
Barclays Unquoted Investments Limited
Barclays Unquoted Property Investments Limited
Barclays USD Funding LLP   B
Barclays Wealth Nominees Limited
Barclayshare Nominees Limited
Barcosec Limited
Barclays (Barley) Limited   I, J, K
Barometers Limited
Barsec Nominees Limited
BB Client Nominees Limited
BMBF (No.21) Limited
BMBF (No.24) Limited
BMBF (No.3) Limited
BMBF (No.6) Limited
BMBF (No.9) Limited
BMI (No.9) Limited
BNRI ENG 2013 Limited Partnership   B


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
BNRI ENG 2014 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI ENG GP LLP   B
BNRI England 2010 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI England 2011 Limited Partnership   B
BNRI England 2012 Limited Partnership   B
Carnegie Holdings Limited   I, J, K
Chapelcrest Investments Limited
Clydesdale Financial Services Limited
Cobalt Investments Limited
Condor No.1 Limited Partnership   B
CP Flower Guaranteeco (UK) Limited   E
CP Propco 1 Limited
CP Propco 2 Limited
CP Topco Limited   J, K
CPIA England 2008 Limited Partnership   B
CPIA England 2009 Limited Partnership   B
CPIA England No.2 Limited Partnership   B
DMW Realty Limited
Durlacher Nominees Limited
Eagle Financial and Leasing Services (UK) Limited
Equity Value Investments Limited Liability   B
Partnership
Equity Value Investments No.1 Limited
Equity Value Investments No.2 Limited
Finpart Nominees Limited
FIRSTPLUS Financial Group PLC
Foltus Investments Limited
Gerrard Financial Planning Limited
Gerrard Management Services Limited
Gerrard Nominees Limited
Global Dynasty Natural Resource Private Equity   B
Limited Partnership
Globe Nominees Limited
Greig, Middleton Nominees Limited
Hawkins Funding Limited
Heraldglen Limited   G, H, I
Investors In Infrastructure Limited
J.V. Estates Limited
Keepier Investments
Kirsche Investments Limited
Lombard Street Nominees Limited
Long Island Assets Limited
Maloney Investments Limited


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 295


Additional information


Related undertakings continued


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Menlo Investments Limited
Mercantile Credit Company Limited
Mercantile Leasing Company (No.132) Limited
MK Opportunities LP   B
Murray House Investment Management Limited
Naxos Investments Limited
North Colonnade Investments Limited
Northwharf Investments Limited   I, X
Northwharf Nominees Limited
PIA England No.2 Limited Partnership   B
Real Estate Participation Management Limited
Real Estate Participation Services Limited
Relative Value Investments UK Limited   B
Liability Partnership
Relative Value Trading Limited
Roder Investments No.1 Limited   I, Y
Roder Investments No.2 Limited   I, Y
Ruthenium Investments Limited
RVT CLO Investments LLP   B
Solution Personal Finance Limited
Surety Trust Limited
Swan Lane Investments Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No.1 Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No.2 Limited
US Real Estate Holdings No.3 Limited
W.D. Pension Fund Limited
Wedd Jefferson (Nominees) Limited
Westferry Investments Limited
Woolwich Homes Limited
Woolwich Plan Managers Limited
Woolwich Qualifying Employee Share
Ownership Trustee Limited
Woolwich Surveying Services Limited
Zeban Nominees Limited
– Hill House, 1 Little New Street, London, EC4A 3TR
Barclays BPT (in liquidation)
Barclays Mercantile Highland Finance Limited
(in liquidation)
Boudeuse Limited (in liquidation)
Denham Investments Limited (in liquidation)
Exshelfco (DZBC) (in liquidation)
Greig Middleton Holdings Limited
(in liquidation)
Scotlife Home Loans (No.3) Limited
(in liquidation)
Woolwich Assured Homes Limited
(in liquidation)
Woolwich Homes (1987) Limited   E
(in liquidation)
Woolwich Limited (in
liquidation)
– 5 The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4BB
BBR Holdings Trust   D
Barclays Capital Trading Luxembourg Trust   D
CPIA Canada Holdings   B
Leonis Investments LLP   B
Preferred Liquidity Limited
Partnership   B
– Aurora Building, 120 Bothwell Street, Glasgow, G2 7JS
R.C. Grieg Nominees Limited
– 50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ
BNRI PIA Scot GP Limited
BNRI Scots GP, LLP   B
Pecan Aggregator LP   B
– Logic House, Waterfront Business Park, Fleet Road, Fleet, GU1 3SB
The Logic Group Enterprises Limited
The Logic Group Holdings Limited   J


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Argentina
– 855 Leandro N.Alem Avenue, 8th Floor, Buenos Aires
Compañía Sudamerica S.A.
– Marval, O’Farrell & Mairal, Av. Leandro N. Alem 882, Buenos
Compañia Regional del Sur S.A.
Brazil
– Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, No. 4.440, 12th Floor, Bairro Itaim, Bibi, Sao Paulo, CEP, 04538-132
BNC Brazil Consultoria Empresarial Ltda
Barclays Brasil Assessoria Financeira Ltda.
Canada
– 333 Bay Street, Suite 4910, Toronto ON M5H 2R2
Barclays Capital Canada Inc.
– Stikeman Elliott LLP, 199 Bay Street, 5300 Commerce Court, West, Toronto ON M5L 1B9
Barclays Corporation Limited
Cayman Islands
– Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Alymere Investments Limited   G, H, I
Analytical Trade UK Limited
Barclays Capital (Cayman) Limited
Braven Investments No.1 Limited
Capton Investments Limited
Claudas Investments Limited   G, H, I
Claudas Investments Two Limited
CPIA Investments No.1 Limited   V
CPIA Investments No.2 Limited   F, I
Furbridge Investments Limited (in liquidation)
Hurley Investments No.1 Limited
Iris Investments 1 Limited   G, H, I
Mintaka Investments No. 4 Limited
OGP Leasing Limited
Pelleas Investments Limited
Pelleas Investments Two Limited
Pippin Island Investments Limited
Razzoli Investments Limited   F, I
RVH Limited   F, I
– PO Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
Blaytell Limited
Coskwo Limited
Godler Limited
Harflane Limited
Hentock Limited
Hollygrice Limited
Pilkbull Limited
Strickyard Limited
Winhall Limited
– 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005
Calthorpe Investments Limited
Gallen Investments Limited
JV Assets Limited   L
Palomino Limited   Z
Wessex Investments Limited
– Walkers Corporate Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, KY1– 9008
Long Island Holding B Limited


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
China
– Room 213, Building 1, No. 1000 Chenhui Road, Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park, Shanghai
Barclays Technology Centre (Shanghai)
Company Limited
France
– 34/36 avenue de Friedland, Paris, 75008 BBAIL SAS
Germany
– TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, 60310, Frankfurt
Barclays Capital Effekten GmbH
– c/o SFM Deutschland GmbH, Gruneburgweg 58-62, 60322 , Frankfurt am Main
Baubecon Holding 1 GmbH (in liquidation)
– Stuttgarter Straße 55-57, 73033 Göppingen
Adler Toy Beteiligungs GmbH
Holding Stuttgarter Straße GmbH
Guernsey
– P.O. Box 33, Maison Trinity, Trinity Square, St. Peter Port, GY1 4AT
Barclays Insurance Guernsey PCC Limited   Q
– PO BOX 41, Floor 2, Le Marchant House, Le Truchot, St Peter Port, GY1 3BE
Barclays Nominees (Guernsey) Limited
Hong Kong
– 42nd floor Citibank Tower, Citibank Plaza, 3 Garden Road
Barclays Bank (Hong Kong Nominees) Limited (in liquidation)
Barclays Capital Asia Nominees Limited (in liquidation)
– Level 41, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen’s Road Central
Barclays Asia Limited
Barclays Capital Asia Limited
India
– 208 Ceejay House, Shivsagar Estate, Dr A Beasant Road, Worli, Mumbai, 400 018
Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited
Barclays Wealth Trustees (India) Private Limited
– 67, Maker Tower ‘F’ 6th Floor, Cuffe Parade, Mumbai, 400 005
Barclays Holdings India Private Limited (in liquidation)
– Ground to Fourth Floor, Wing 3 – Cluster A, Eon Free Zone, MIDC Knowledge Park, Pune, 411014
Barclays Global Service Centre Private Limited
– Level 10, Block B6, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Off Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai, 40063
Barclays Investments & Loans (India) Limited   F, I
Indonesia
– Barclays House, 12th Floor, Jl. Jend Sudirman Kav. 22-23, Jakarta, 12920
PT Bank Barclays Indonesia (in liquidation)
– Plaza Lippo, 10th Floor, Jalan Jend, Sudirman Kav 25, Jakarta, 12920
PT Bhadra Buana Persada (in liquidation)
Ireland
– Two Park Place, Hatch Street, Dublin 2
Barclaycard International Payments Limited
Barclays Bank Ireland Public Limited Company


296 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Related undertakings continued


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Isle of Man
– Barclays House, Victoria Street, Douglas
Barclays Nominees (Manx) Limited
– P O Box 9, Victoria Street, Douglas, IM99 1AJ
Barclays Private Clients International Limited   J, K
– 2nd Floor, St Georges Court, Upper Church Street, Douglas, IM1 1EE
Barclays Holdings (Isle of Man) Limited (in liquidation)
Japan
– 10-1, Roppongi 6-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo
Barclays Funds and Advisory Japan Limited
Barclays Securities Japan Limited
Barclays Wealth Services Limited
Jersey
– Third Floor, 37 Esplanade, St. Helier, JE2 3QA
CP Newco 1 Limited
CP Newco2 Limited   J, K
CP Newco3 Limited
– La Motte Chambers, St Helier, JE1 1BJ
Barclays Services Jersey Limited
– 39-41 Broad Street, St Helier, JE2 3RR
Barclays Wealth Management Jersey Limited BIFML PTC Limited
– 13 Castle Street, St. Helier, JE4 5UT
Barclays Index Finance Trust   S
– Lime Grove House, Green Street, St Helier, JE1 2ST
Barbridge Limited   I, DD
– 13 Library Place, St Helier, JE4 8NE
Barclays Nominees (Jersey) Limited
Barclaytrust Channel Islands Limited
– Appleby Trust (Jersey) Limited, PO Box 207, 13-14 Esplanade, St Helier, JE1 1BD
MK Opportunities GP Ltd
Korea, Republic of
– A-1705 Yeouido Park Centre, 28-3
Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul
Barclays Korea GP Limited
Luxembourg
– 9, allée Scheffer, L-2520
Barclays Aegis Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Alzin Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Bayard Investments S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Bedivere Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Bordang Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays BR Holdings S.à r.l.
Barclays BR Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Cantal Investments S.à r.l.   GG
Barclays Capital Luxembourg S.à r.l.
Barclays Capital Trading Luxembourg S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Claudas Investments Partnership   B
Barclays Equity Index Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Lamorak Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Leto Investments S.à r.l.
Barclays Luxembourg EUR Holdings S.à r.l
Barclays Luxembourg Finance S.à r.l.
Barclays Luxembourg GBP Holdings S.à r.l.
Barclays Luxembourg Holdings S.à r.l.   I, AA
Barclays Luxembourg Holdings SSC   B
Barclays Luxembourg USD Holdings S.à r.l.   J, K
Barclays Pelleas Investments Limited Partnership   B
Barclays Pelleas Investments S.à r.l.
Blossom Finance General
Partnership   B
– 68-70 Boulevard de la Petrusse, L-2320 Adler Toy Holding Sarl


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Malaysia
– Unit 30-01, Level 30, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No.8, Jalan Kerinchi, Kuala Lumpur, 59200
Barclays Capital Markets Malaysia Sdn Bhd. (in liquidation)   F, I
Mauritius
– C/O Rogers Capital Corporate Services, St. Louis Business Centre, Cnr Desroches & St. Louis Streets, Port Louis
Barclays Capital Mauritius Limited
Barclays Capital Securities Mauritius Limited
– Fifth Floor, Ebene Esplanade, 24 Cybercity, Ebene
Barclays (H&B) Mauritius Limited
Barclays Mauritius Overseas Holdings Limited
Mexico
– Paseo de la Reforma 505, 41 Floor, Torre Mayor, Col. Cuauhtemoc, CP 06500
Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A.   K, M
Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V.   K, M
Grupo Financiero Barclays Mexico, S.A. de C.V.   K, M
Servicios Barclays, S.A. de C.V.
Monaco
– 31 Avenue de la Costa, BP 339
Barclays Wealth Asset Management (Monaco) S.A.M
Netherlands
– Strawinskylaan 3105, 1077 ZX, Amsterdam
Barclays SLCSM Funding B.V. (in liquidation)
– De Boelelaan 7, 1083 Hj Amsterdam
Chewdef BidCo BV. (in liquidation)
Nigeria
– Southgate House, Udi Street, Osborne
Estate, Ikoyi, Lagos
Barclays Group Representative Office (NIG)
Limited
Philippines
– 21/F, Philamlife Tower, 8767 Paseo de Roxas, Makati City, 1226
Meridian (SPV-AMC) Corporation
Russian Federation
– Four Winds Plaza, 1st Tverskaya-Yamskaya Str , Moscow 21, 125047
Limited Liability Company Barclays Capital (in liquidation)
Saudi Arabia
– 18th Floor Al Faisaliah Tower , Riyadh, 11311
Barclays Saudi Arabia (in liquidation)
Singapore
– 10 Marina Boulevard, #24-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2, 018983
Barclays Bank (Singapore Nominees) Pte Ltd
Barclays Bank (South East Asia) Nominees Pte Ltd
Barclays Capital Futures (Singapore) Private Limited
Barclays Capital Holdings (Singapore) Private Limited
Barclays Merchant Bank (Singapore) Ltd.


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
Spain
– Plaza De Colon 1, 28046, Madrid
Barclays Tenedora De Immuebles SL.
BVP Galvani Global, S.A.U.   Z
Switzerland
– Chemin de Grange Canal 18-20, PO Box 3941, 1211, Geneva
Barclays Bank (Suisse) S.A.
BPB Holdings SA
Barclays Switzerland Services
SA
United States
– Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801
Archstone Equity Holdings Inc
Barclays BWA, Inc.
Barclays Capital Commodities Corporation
Barclays Capital Derivatives Funding LLC   C
Barclays Capital Energy Inc.
Barclays Capital Real Estate Finance Inc.
Barclays Capital Real Estate Holdings Inc.
Barclays Capital Real Estate Inc.
Barclays Commercial Mortgage Securities LLC   C
Barclays Electronic Commerce Holdings Inc.
Barclays Financial LLC   C
Barclays Group US Inc.
Barclays Oversight Management Inc.
Barclays Receivables LLC   C
Barclays Services Corporation
Barclays US CCP Funding LLC   C
Barclays US Funding LLC   C
Barclays US LLC   G, I
Barclays US Investments LLC   K, GG
BCAP LLC   C
CPIA Equity No. 1 Inc.
Crescent Real Estate Member LLC   C
Gracechurch Services Corporation
Long Island Holding A LLC   C
LTDL Holdings LLC   C
Marbury Holdings LLC
Protium Finance I LLC   C
Protium Master Mortgage LP   B
Protium REO I LP   B
Securitized Asset Backed Receivables LLC   C
Sutton Funding LLC   C
TPLL LLC   C
TPProperty LLC   C
US Secured Investments LLC   C
– 1201 North Market Street, P.O. Box 1347 Wilmington, DE19801
Barclays Bank Delaware   F, I
Procella Investments LLC   C
Procella Investments No.1 LLC   C
Procella Investments No.2 LLC   C
Procella Investments No.3 LLC   C
Procella Swaps LLC   C
Verain Investments LLC
– 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington DE 19808
Analog Analytics Inc
Protium Master Grantor Trust   D
– 251 Little Falls Drive, New Castle County, Wilmington DE 19808
Barclays Capital Equities Trading GP   B
Barclays Capital Holdings Inc.   G, H, I
Lagalla Investments LLC
Relative Value Holdings, LLC


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 297


Additional information


Related undertakings continued


Wholly owned subsidiaries   Note
– 745 Seventh Avenue, New York NY 10019
Alynore Investments Limited Partnership   B
Curve Investments GP   B
HYMF, Inc.
Preferred Liquidity, LLC   J
– CT Corporation System, One Corporate Center, Floor 11, Hartford CT 06103-3220
Barclays Capital Inc.
– c/o RL&F Service Corp, One Rodney Square, 10th Floor, Tenth and King Streets, Wilmington DE 19801
Analytical Trade Holdings LLC
Analytical Trade Investments
LLC   BB
– 100 South West Street, Wilmington DE 19801
Barclays Dryrock Funding LLC   C
Wilmington Riverfront Receivables
LLC   J, K
– 15 East North Street, Dover DE 19801
Barclays Services LLC   C
– CT Corporation System, 225 Hillsborough Street, Raleigh, NC 27603
Barclays US GPF Inc.
– CT Corporation System, 350 North St. Paul Street, Dallas TX 75201
La Torretta Beverages LLC   C
La Torretta Hospitality LLC   C
La Torretta Operations LLC   C
– 500 Forest Point Circle, Charlotte, North Carolina 28273
Equifirst Corporation (in
liquidation)
– Aon Insurance Managers (USA) Inc., 76 St. Paul Street, Suite 500, Burlington, VT05401-4477
Barclays Insurance U.S. Inc.
Zimbabwe
– 2 Premium Close, Mount Pleasant Business Park, Mount Pleasant , Harare
Branchcall Computers (Pvt) Limited


Other Related Undertakings


Unless otherwise stated, the undertakings below are consolidated and the share capital disclosed comprises ordinary and/or common shares which are
held by subsidiaries of the Group. The Group’s overall ownership percentage is provided for each undertaking.


Other related
undertakings   Per- centage   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Barclaycard Funding PLC   75.00%   J
Claas Finance Limited   51.00%   K
PSA Credit Company Limited (in   50.00%   J, L
liquidation)
Barclays Covered Bond Funding
LLP   50.00%   B
– 1 Poultry, London, England, EC2R 8EJ
Igloo Regeneration (General Partner)   25.00%   L, Z
Limited
– 1 Robeson Way, Sharston Green Business Park, Manchester, M22 4SW
KDC Holdings Limited   37.41%   EE, Z
– 3-5 London Road, Rainham, Kent, ME8 7RG
Trade Ideas Limited   20.00%   Z
– Derby Training Centre, Ascot Drive, Derby, DE24 8GW
Develop Training Group
Limited   65.47%   CC, Z
– 50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9BY
Equistone Founder Partner II L.P.   20.00%   B, Z
Equistone Founder Partner III
L.P.   35.00%   B, Z
– Building 6 Chiswick Park, 566
Chiswick High Road, London W4 5HR
Intelligent Processing Solutions
Limited   19.50%   Z
– Oak House, Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, CH65 9HQ
Elan Homes Holdings Limited   59.94%   J, Z
– 16 Palace Street, London, SW1E 5JD
Barclays Alma Mater Management   30.00%   B, Z
Limited Partnership
– 20-22 Bedford Row, London, WC1R 4JS
Cyber Defence Alliance
Limited   25.00%   E, Z
– 30 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7PG
Gresham Leasing March
(3) Limited   30.00%   Z
– 80 New Bond Street, London, W1S 1SB
GN Tower Limited   50.00%   Z
GW City Ventures Limited   50.00%   K, Z
– 5th Floor, 70 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0XL
Camperdown UK Limited   74.00%   J
– 5 North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4BB
BEIF Management Limited
Partnership   30.00%   B, Z
– 2nd Floor, 110 Cannon Street, London, EC4N 6EU
Vectorcommand Limited (in
liquidation)   30.39%   J, K, Z
– 55 Baker Street, London, W1U 7EU
Formerly H Limited (in
liquidation)   70.32%   J, Z
– Countryside House, The Warley Hill Business Park, The Drive, Brentwood, Essex, CM13 3AT
Woolwich Countryside Limited   50.00%   O, Z
– Haberfield Old Moor Road, Wennington, Lancaster, LA2 8PD
Full House Holdings Limited   67.43%   J, Z
– 6th Floor 60 Gracechurch Street, London, EC3V 0HR
BMC (UK) Limited   40.18%   J, F, Z
– Central House, 124 High Street, Hampton Hill, Middlesex TW12 1NS
Rio Laranja Holdings Limited   45.00%   J, Z
– 13-15 York Buildings, London, WC2N 6JU
BGF Group Limited   24.40%   Z


Other related
undertakings   Per- centage   Note
Cayman Islands
– Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Cupric Canyon Capital LP   40.19%   HH, Z
Southern Peaks Mining LP   55.76%   HH, Z
Third Energy Holdings Limited   78.94%   F, J, K, Z
Germany
– Schopenhauerstraße 10, D-90409, Nurnberg
Eschenbach Holding GmbH   21.70%   Z
Indonesia
– Wisma GKBI 39th Floor, Suite 3906, Jl. Jend. Sudirman No.28, Jakarta, 10210
PT Barclays Capital Securities   99.00%
Indonesia (in liquidation)
Korea, Republic of
– 18th Floor, Daishin Finance Centre, 343, Samil-daero, Jung-go, Seoul
Woori BC Pegasus Securitization   70.00%   W
Specialty Co., Limited
Luxembourg
– 9, allée Scheffer, L-2520
BNRI Limehouse No.1 Sarl   96.30%   R
Partnership Investments S.à r.l.   33.40%   I, J ,K ,L
Preferred Funding S.à r.l.   33.33%   H
Preferred Investments S.à
r.l.   33.33%   H, I
Malta
– RS2 Buildings, Fort Road, Mosta MST 1859
RS2 Software PLC   18.25%   Z
Monaco
– 31 Avenue de la Costa, Monte Carlo
Societe Civile Immobiliere 31 Avenue de la Costa   75.00%
Netherlands
– Alexanderstraat 18, 2514 JM, The Hague
Tulip Oil Holding BV   30.26%   II, Z
Sweden
– c/o ForeningsSparbanken AB, 105 34 Stockholm
EnterCard Group AB   40.00%   K, Z
United States of America
– 777 Main Street, Fort Worth TX 76102
CRE Diversified Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Crown Greenway Plaza SPV LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Crown Land Holding SPV LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential LP, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential, L.P.   80.00%   B, Z
Crescent Plaza Residential, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Resort Development LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Tower Residences GP, LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Crescent Tower Residences, L.P.   80.00%   B, Z
Crescent TRS Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
CREW Tahoe Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
DBL Texas Holdings LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Desert Mountain Development LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Desert Mountain Properties Limited   74.40%   B, Z
Partnership
East West Resort Development VII LLC   80.00%   C, Z
Mira Vista Development LLC   78.40%   C, Z
Mountainside Partners LLC   80.00%   C, Z


298 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Related undertakings continued


Other related
undertakings   Per- centage   Note
– 126 Riverfront Lane , 5th Floor, Drawer 2770, Avon CO 81620
Blue River Land Company, LLC   39.55   %   C, Z
East West Resort Development IV, L.P., L.L.L.P.   71.11   %   B, Z
East West Resort Development VIII, L.P., L.L.L.P.   71.11   %   B, Z
East West Resort Development XIV, L.P., L.L.L.P.   33.52   %   B, Z
EWRD Summit Holding, L.P., L.L.L.P.   79.57   %   B, Z
EWRD Summit, LLC   79.10   %   C, Z
– 3001 Northstar Drive, C200, Truckee CA 96161
CREW Tahoe LLC   60.80   %   C, Z
East West Resort Development V, L.P., L.L.L.P.   74.75   %   B, Z
Gray’s Station, LLC   56.96   %   C, Z
Home Run Tahoe, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
Northstar Mountain Properties, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
Northstar Trailside Townhomes, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
Northstar Village Townhomes, LLC   56.93   %   C, Z
Old Greenwood Realty, Inc.   60.80   %   Z
Old Greenwood, LLC   60.80   %   C, Z
Tahoe Club Company, LLC   60.80   %   C, Z
Tahoe Mountain Resorts, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
The Glades Tahoe, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
– Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington DE 19808
Crescent Fresh Series B Hold Co.   80.00   %   Z
Mountainside Boulders, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
MVWP Development LLC   30.40   %   C, Z
MVWP Investors LLC   60.80   %   C, Z
Stellar Residences, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
Stellar Townhomes, LLC   60.82   %   C, Z
– 1701 Wynkoop Street, Suite 140, Box 47, Denver, CO 80202
Central Platte Valley Management, LLC   51.78   %   C, Z
St. Charles Place, LLC   47.63   %   C, Z
The Park at One Riverfront, LLC   47.63   %   C, Z
Union Center LLC   51.78   %   C, Z
– Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801
DG Solar Lessee II, LLC   50.00   %   C, Z
DG Solar Lessee, LLC   50.00   %   C, Z
VS BC Solar Lessee I LLC   50.00   %   C, Z
– East West Partners, Inc., 126 Riverfront Lane, 5th Floor, Avon CO 81620
Tahoe Club Employee Company   60.80   %   Z
– 6600 Mira Vista Blvd., Fort Worth TX 76132
Mira Vista Golf Club, L.C.   76.83   %   Z
– 251 Little Falls Drive, New Castle County, Wilmington DE 19808
Crescent Legacy LLC   80.00   %   C, Z
Surrey Funding Corporation   99.45   %
Sussex Purchasing Corporation   99.45   %
– 1415 Louisiana Street, Suite 1600, Houston, Texas, 77002
Sabine Oil & Gas Holdings,
Inc.   23.25   %   Z
South Africa
– 9 Elektron Road, Techno Park, Stellenbosch 7600
Imalivest Mineral Resources LP   69.88   %   J, Z


Subsidiaries by virtue of control


The related undertakings below are subsidiaries in accordance with s.1162 Companies Act 2006 as Barclays can exercise dominant influence or control
over them.


Subsidiaries by virtue of
control   Per- centage   Note
United Kingdom
– 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP
Oak Pension Asset Management Limited   00.00   %   Z
Water Street Investments Limited   00.00   %   Z
Cayman Islands
– PO Box 309GT, Ugland House, South Church Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Hornbeam Limited   00.00   %   Z
Barclays US Holdings Limited   10.00   %   J


Joint Ventures


The related undertakings below are Joint Ventures in accordance with s.18, Schedule 4, The Large and

Medium-sized
 Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 and are proportionally consolidated.


Joint Ventures   Per- centage   Note
United Kingdom
– All Saints Triangle, Caledonian Road, London, N1 9UT
Vaultex UK Limited   50.00   %
Joint management factors
The Joint Venture Board comprises two
Barclays representative directors, two JV partner directors and three non-JV partner directors. The Board are responsible for setting the company strategy and budgets.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 299


Additional information


Barclays Africa Group Limited Separation Arrangements


In connection with Barclays’ sell down of its holdings in Barclays Africa Group Limited (“
BAGL
”) and the anticipated regulatory deconsolidation of
BAGL from the Barclays Group, Barclays and BAGL entered into agreements governing the terms on which the separation would occur (the “
Separation Arrangements
”).


The separation terms included contributions from Barclays to BAGL totalling £765 million, payable in instalments, to support the separation of BAGL from the
Barclays Group. Under the Separation Arrangements, Barclays agreed, among other things, to indemnify BAGL against certain potential losses suffered by BAGL, including as a result of (i) the business of Barclays Group, untrue statements or omissions
contained in any document issued by the Barclays Group in connection with any placing or marketing of BAGL shares under the sell down of BAGL shares and any failure by any Barclays Group company to discharge any liability in respect of taxation for
which the Barclays Group is primarily liable (the “
Perimeter Indemnity
”); or (ii) BAGL having adhered to any Barclays policy which is not compliant with the laws for which that policy was designed (the “
Policy
Indemnity
”). Barclays’ liability under the Perimeter Indemnity is uncapped and under the Policy Indemnity is capped at £614.7 million.

The
Separation Arrangements include a transitional services agreement (the “
TSA
”) which replaced previous intra-group arrangements between members of the Barclays Group and members of the BAGL group. The TSA came into effect on 6 June
2017 and the term of the TSA will be determined by the timeframes specified for the individual services being provided, which range from three months to three years, subject to extension(s).


The Separation Arrangements also provide for a governance framework which applies during the implementation of the separation. Certain protective covenants (including
non-compete arrangements and non-solicit obligations) also apply to the Barclays Group, in respect of the countries BAGL operates in, until 6 June 2020. These protective covenants are subject to certain agreed carve outs, including where Barclays
and BAGL continue to cooperate for the benefit of mutual clients, where appropriate.

The Separation Arrangements also include a Transitional Trade Mark Licence
agreement (the “
TTML
”), which came into effect on 6 June 2017, and replaced previous trademark licence agreements between the Barclays Group and the BAGL group. The TTML allows BAGL to continue to use the Barclays brand for up to 12
months in South Africa and for up to three years in other BAGL territories, subject to limited exemptions.


300 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


In this section we describe the approaches and strategies for managing risks at Barclays.
It contains information on how risk management functions are organised, how they maintain their independence and foster a sound risk culture throughout the organisation.
◾ The Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) sets out the tools, techniques and organisational arrangements to
enable all material risks to be identified and understood (see page 302). ◾ A governance structure, encompassing the organisation of the function as well as executive and Board committees, supports the continued application of the ERMF. This is
discussed in pages 302 to 304. ◾ A discussion of how our risk management strategy is designed to foster a strong risk culture is contained on pages 305. ◾ Pages 306 to 308 describe group-wide risk management tools that support risk management, Executive Committee and the Board in discharging their responsibilities, and how
they are applied in the strategic planning cycle.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 301


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Introduction


Barclays engages in activities which entail risk taking, every day, throughout its business. This section introduces these risks, and outlines key
governance arrangements for managing them. These include roles and responsibilities, frameworks, policies and standards, assurance and lessons learned processes. The Group’s approach to fostering a strong Risk Culture is also described.


Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF)


The ERMF sets the strategic direction for risk management by defining standards, objectives and responsibilities for all areas of Barclays. It
supports the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO) in embedding effective risk management and a strong Risk Culture.

The ERMF sets out:


◾
  Principal Risks faced by
the Group

◾
  Risk
Appetite requirements


◾
  Roles and responsibilities
for risk management


◾
  Risk Committee structure.


Principal Risks

The
ERMF identifies eight Principal Risks and sets out associated responsibilities and risk management standards.


Risk Appetite for the Principal Risks


Risk Appetite is defined as the level of risk which the Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities (see Risk Appetite page 306 for
further discussion). Risk Appetite is approved and disseminated across legal entities and businesses, including by use of Mandate and Scale limits to enable and control specific activities that have material concentration risk implications for the
Group.

Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk


The Three Lines of Defence


All colleagues are responsible for understanding and managing risks within the context of their individual roles and responsibilities, as set out in
the “Three Lines of Defence”.

First Line of Defence


The First Line comprises all employees engaged in the revenue generating and client facing areas of the Group and all associated support functions,
including Finance, Treasury, Human Resources and the Chief Operating Officer (COO) function. Employees in the First Line are responsible for:


◾
  identifying all the risks
and developing appropriate policies, standards and controls to govern their activities


◾
  operating within any and
all limits which the Risk and Compliance functions establish in connection with the Risk Appetite of the Group

◾
  escalating risk events to senior managers in Risk and Compliance.


Second Line of Defence


Employees of Risk and Compliance comprise the Second Line of Defence. The role of the Second Line is to establish the limits, rules and constraints
under which First Line activities shall be performed, consistent with the Risk Appetite of the Group, and to monitor the performance of the First Line against these limits and constraints.


Third Line of Defence


Employees of Internal Audit comprise the Third Line of Defence. They provide independent assurance to the Board and Executive Management over the
effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over current, systemic and evolving risks.

The Legal function does not sit in
any of the three lines, but supports them all. The Legal function is, however, subject to oversight from Risk and Compliance, with respect to operational and conduct risks.


302 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Risk Committees


Business Risk Committees consider Risk matters relevant to their business, and escalate as required to the Group Risk Committee (GRC), whose
Chairman in turn escalates to Board Committees and the Board.

There are three Board-level forums which oversee the application of the
ERMF and review and monitor risk across the Group. These are: the Board Risk Committee, the Board Audit Committee, and the Board Reputation Committee. Additionally, the Board Remuneration Committee oversees pay practices focusing on aligning pay to
sustainable performance. Finally, the main Board of Barclays receives regular information on the risk profile of the Group, and has ultimate responsibility for risk appetite and capital plans.


The Chairman of each Committee prepares a statement each year on the committee’s activities, which is included on pages 22 to 26.


The Board

One of the
Board’s (Board of Directors of Barclays Bank PLC) responsibilities is the approval of Risk Appetite (see page 306). The Group CRO regularly presents a report to the Board summarising developments in the risk environment and performance trends
in the key portfolios. The Board is also responsible for the ERMF and it oversees the management of the most significant risks through regular review of risk exposures. Responsibilities of management with respect to the Board forums, including
reporting of risk information, are set out in the ERMF.

The Board Risk Committee (BRC)


The BRC monitors the Group’s risk profile against the agreed financial appetite. Where actual performance differs from expectations, the
actions taken by management are reviewed to verify that the BRC is comfortable with them. After each meeting, the Chairman of the BRC prepares a report for the next meeting of the Board. All members are independent

non-executive
 directors. The Group Finance Director (GFD) and the Group


CRO attend each meeting as a matter of course.


The BRC also considers the Group’s Risk Appetite statement for operational risk and evaluates the Group’s operational risk profile and
operational risk monitoring.

The BRC receives regular and comprehensive reports on risk methodologies, the effectiveness of the risk
management framework, and the Group’s risk profile, including the key issues affecting each business portfolio and forward risk trends. The Committee also commissions
in-depth
 analyses of significant risk
topics, which are presented by the Group CRO or senior risk managers in the businesses.

The Board Audit Committee (BAC)


The BAC receives regular reports on the effectiveness of internal control systems, quarterly reports on material control issues of
significance, and quarterly papers on accounting judgements (including impairment). It also receives a half-yearly review of the adequacy of impairment allowances, which it reviews relative to the risk inherent in the portfolios, the business
environment, the Group’s policies and methodologies. The Chairman of the BAC also sits on the BRC.

The Board Reputation
Committee (RepCo)

The RepCo reviews management’s recommendations on conduct and reputation risk and the effectiveness of the
processes by which the Group identifies and manages these risks. It also reviews and monitors the effectiveness of Barclays’ Citizenship strategy, including the management of Barclays’ economic, social and environmental contribution.


The Board Remuneration Committee (RemCo)


The RemCo receives a detailed report on risk management performance and risk profile, and proposals on

ex-ante
 and
ex-post
 risk adjustments to variable remuneration. These inputs are considered in the setting of performance incentives.


Summaries of the relevant skills, experience and background of the Directors of the Board are
presented in the Board of Directors section on pages 5 to 6. The terms of reference and additional details on membership and activities for each of the principal Board Committees are available from the Corporate Governance section of Barclays’
website at: home.barclays/about-barclays/barclays-corporate-governance.html.

Coverage of risk reports to executive and Board risk
committees

Chairs of Risk Committees at executive and Board levels specify the information they require to discharge their duties.
Advance committee calendars are agreed with the committee chairman. Topics that are regularly covered include:

◾
  Financial and Operational risk profile

◾
  Risk perspective on medium-term plans and strategy


◾
  Risk Appetite


◾
  Results of stress tests,
including Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR)

◾
  Risk inputs into remuneration decisions

◾
  Other technical topics, e.g. Model risk.

In addition to regular topics, committees consider ad hoc papers on current risk topics, such as:

◾
  Political events and their potential impacts on Barclays and its customers


◾
  Economic developments in
major economies or sectors


◾
  Impacts of key market
developments on the risk management of the Group.

Reports are generally presented by CROs or other accountable executives. Occasionally
subject matter experts are delegated to present specific topics of interest. Report presenters are responsible for following processes for creating reports that include appropriate controls and that these controls are operated effectively.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 303


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Roles and responsibilities in the management of risk – senior management


Certain roles within Barclays carry specific responsibilities and accountabilities with respect to risk management and the ERMF.


Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

The CEO is accountable for leading the development of Barclays’ strategy and business plans that align to the Goal, Purpose and Values within the approved Risk Appetite, and for managing and organising executive management to
drive their execution. Managing Barclays’ financial and operational performance within the approved Risk Appetite is ultimately the CEO’s responsibility.


Specifically, a crucial role of the CEO is to appoint the most senior Risk owners at the executive level including the Chief Risk Officer and the
Group General Counsel. The CEO must work with them to embed a strong Risk Culture within the Group, with particular regard to the identification, escalation and management of risk matters.


Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO)

The Group CRO leads the Risk Function across Barclays. The CRO’s responsibilities include developing and maintaining the ERMF and clearly articulating Risk Culture objectives. Specific accountabilities include:


◾
  preparing and recommending
the Group’s Risk Appetite to the Board Risk Committees

◾
  developing, operating and maintaining a comprehensive risk management framework to monitor and manage the risk profile of the Group


◾
  providing accurate,
transparent and timely reporting of the actual Risk Profile of the Group relative to the set Risk Appetite to the Board

◾
  defining the risk taxonomy (Principal Risks) and updating it as needed so that it remains relevant and comprehensive


◾
  bringing a risk perspective
to compensation decisions


◾
  reporting to all the
relevant stakeholders on Barclays’ risk positions, adherence to Risk Appetite and enterprise wide risks and controls.


Chief Compliance Officer


The Chief Compliance Officer is accountable to the Group CRO for the strategic and function leadership of the Compliance Function. The Group Chief
Compliance Officer is a member of the Group Executive Committee, enabling the Compliance Function to discharge its responsibilities properly and independently. Specific accountabilities include:


◾
  overseeing the effective
management of the Group’s conduct and reputation risks and escalation to the Board where appropriate

◾
  setting minimum standards through compliance policies applicable globally and monitoring breaches, especially for conduct and reputation risks and
financial crime


◾
  inputting into compensation
structures, objectives and performance management of employees who can expose Barclays to significant risk

◾
  maintaining is a robust and effectively managed whistleblowing process on an enterprise-wide basis


◾
  using mandate to access any
part of the organisation and any information, bringing to the attention of line and senior management or the Board, as appropriate, any situation that is of concern from a conduct or reputation risk management perspective that could materially
violate the approved Risk Appetite guidelines.

Group General Counsel


The Group General Counsel is required to:


◾
  develop and maintain the
Legal Risk Framework


◾
  define the Legal Risk
Policies


◾
  develop the Group-wide and
Business Risk Appetite for Legal Risk.


Group Chief Controls Officer


The Chief Controls Office, led by the Group Chief Controls Officer, is responsible for overseeing the practical implementation of operational,
conduct and reputation risk controls and control methodologies across the Group. The Chief Controls Office has the following key responsibilities:


◾
  defining a control
framework directing businesses to manage risk exposure within approved operational risk appetites, and monitoring its application;


◾
  reviewing tolerances for
non-financial
 operational risk exposures set by the business, and confirming their appropriateness;


◾
  maintaining the standard
for the creation and maintenance of all control documentation in the Group; and

◾
  overseeing the execution of control framework requirements consistently across the Group. Execution includes recording risk events, issues, and the completion of risk and
control self-assessments.

Senior Managers Regime


A number of Members of the Board, the majority of the Executive Committee and a limited number of specified senior individuals are also subject to
additional rules included within the Senior Managers Regime (SMR), which clarifies their accountability and responsibilities. Those designated with a Senior Manager Function under the SMR are held to four specific rules of conduct in which they
must:

◾
  take
reasonable steps to establish that the business of the Group for which they are responsible is controlled effectively

◾
  take reasonable steps to establish that the business of the Group for which they are responsible complies with relevant regulatory requirements and
standards of the regulatory system


◾
  take reasonable steps to
make certain that any delegation of their responsibilities is to an appropriate individual and that they oversee the discharge of the delegated responsibilities effectively


◾
  disclose appropriately any
information to the FCA or PRA, of which they would reasonably expect notice.


304 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Frameworks, Policies and Standards


Frameworks, policies and standards set out the governance around Barclays’ activities:


◾
  Frameworks cover the
management processes for a collection of related activities and define the associated policies used to govern them

◾
  Policies set out control objectives, principles and other core requirements for the activities of the Group. Policies describe “what” must
be done


◾
  Standards set out the key
controls that must be followed for the objectives set out in the Policy to be met, and who needs to carry them out. Standards describe “how” controls should be undertaken.


Frameworks, Policies and Standards are owned by the area responsible for performing the described activity.


The Group CRO is accountable for overseeing that frameworks, policies and associated standards are developed and implemented for each of the
Financial Principal Risks, Operational Risk and Model Risk and that they are subject to limits, monitored, reported on and escalated as required. The Chief Compliance Officer is likewise accountable for Conduct Risk and Reputation Risk, and the
Group General Counsel for Legal Risk. The Group CRO and Group Chief Compliance Officer have the right to require amendments to any Frameworks, Policies or Standards in the Group, for any reason, including inconsistencies or contradictions among
them.

Frameworks, Policies and Standards are subject to minimum annual review, and challenge by the Risk and/or Compliance functions,
unless explicitly waived by the relevant heads of those functions. Principal Risk Frameworks are subject to approval by relevant committees of the Board.

Assurance

Assurance is undertaken to assess the control environment and to independently assess the ERMF, to provide
confidence to the Board in the risk and control framework. The Controls Assurance Standard defines the requirements for Controls Assurance and Controls Testing.


Internal Audit is responsible for the independent review of risk management and the control environment. Its objective is to provide reliable,
valued and timely assurance to the Board and executive management over the effectiveness of controls, mitigating current and evolving material risks and thus enhancing the control culture within the Group. The Board Audit Committee reviews and
approves Internal Audit’s plans and resources, and evaluates the effectiveness of Internal Audit. An assessment by independent external advisers is also carried out periodically.


Effectiveness of risk management arrangements


The embedding of the ERMF is monitored by executive and board committees as described above. The ERMF and its component Principal Risks are subject
to control testing assurance reviews to confirm its effectiveness or identify issues to be mitigated. Management and the Board are satisfied that these arrangements are appropriate given the risk profile of the Group.


Learning from our mistakes


Learning from mistakes is central to Barclays’ culture and values, demonstrating a commitment to excellence, service and stewardship and taking
accountability for failure as well as success. The Group seeks to learn lessons on a continuous basis to support achievement of strategic objectives, increase operational excellence and to meet commitments to stakeholders, including colleagues,
customers, shareholders and regulators.

Barclays has implemented a Group Lessons Learned process, setting out requirements for the
completion of Lessons Learned assessments in response to internal and external risk events. The approach to Lessons Learned will be further enhanced during 2018 which with the aim to fulfil the Group’s Salz commitments by putting in place a
consistent and effective approach applicable to all Principal Risks. The approach is aligned to the three lines of defence model (see page 302), with businesses and functions accountable for undertaking Lessons Learned Assessments; the Second Line
providing oversight and challenge; and independent review by Internal Audit.

Core components of the Lessons Learned approach include:


◾
  Defined
triggers for when Lessons Learned Assessments must be completed

◾
  Requirements and guidance for the completion of root cause analysis to identify the causes of risk events impacting the bank


◾
  Standardised Templates to
report conclusions consistently to relevant management fora and committees

◾
  Use of a central system to record completed Lessons Learned Assessments and to facilitate sharing across the Group.


Barclays’ Risk Culture

Risk
Culture can be defined as “norms, attitudes and behaviours related to risk awareness, risk taking and risk management”. At Barclays this is reflected in how we identify, escalate and manage risk matters.


Our Code of Conduct – the Barclays Way


Globally, all colleagues must attest to the “Barclays Way”, our Code of Conduct, and all frameworks, policies and standards applicable to
their roles. The Code of Conduct outlines the Purpose and Values which govern our Barclays Way of working across our business globally. It constitutes a reference point covering all aspects of colleagues’ working relationships, specifically
(but not exclusively) with other Barclays employees, customers and clients, governments and regulators, business partners, suppliers, competitors and the broader community.


Embedding of a values-based, conduct culture

The Group Executive Committee reconfirmed

Conduct, Culture and Values as one of its execution priorities for 2017 with
the aim of embedding the cultural measurement tool developed in 2016. The effectiveness of the Risk and Control environment, for which all colleagues are responsible, depends on the continued embedment of strong values. Please see Board Reputation
Committee report on pages 27 to 32.

Induction programmes support new colleagues in understanding how risk management culture and
practices support how the Group does business and the link to Barclays’ values. The Leadership Curriculum covers the building, sustaining and supporting of a trustworthy organisation and is offered to colleagues globally.


Other Risk Culture drivers


In addition to values and conduct, we consider the following determinants of Risk Culture:


◾
  Management and governance:
 This means a consistent tone from the top and clear responsibilities to enable identification and challenge.


◾
  Motivation and incentives:
 The right behaviours are rewarded and modelled.


◾
  Competence and effectiveness:
 This means that colleagues are enabled to identify, coordinate, escalate and address risk and control matters.


◾
  Integrity:
Colleagues are willing to meet their risk management responsibilities; colleagues escalate issues on a timely basis.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 305


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Group-wide risk management tools


To support the Group-wide management of risks, the Board uses risk appetite, mandate and scale, and stress testing as key inputs in the annual
planning cycle, including setting of the Group’s strategy. The following describes in further detail the group-wide risk management tools used as part of this process.


Risk Appetite

Risk Appetite
is defined as the level of risk which the Group is prepared to accept in the conduct of its activities.

Risk Appetite sets the
‘tone from the top’ and provides a basis for ongoing dialogue between management and Board with respect to the Group’s current and evolving risk profile, allowing strategic and financial decisions to be made on an informed basis.


The Risk Appetite setting process aims to consider the material risks Barclays is exposed to under its business plans.


Risk Appetite is approved by the Board and must be formally reviewed at least annually in conjunction with the Medium Term Planning (MTP) process.


Risk Appetite is expressed, by the Board, as the acceptable level of deterioration in a set of key financial parameters under a severe
but plausible stress scenario defined as the Adverse stress test scenario. For 2018 the key financial parameters are listed above.


Measure relevant to strategy and risk   Link between strategy and risk profile
Profit after tax   Fundamental performance of the Bank and underpins the Group’s capacity to make capital distributions.
Common Equity   Monitors capital
Tier 1 (CET1)   adequacy in relation to capital plan, targets and regulatory hurdle rates.

Based on the specified Risk Appetite, the Group develops mandate and scale limits to control specific activities.


Mandate and scale

Mandate and scale is a risk management approach that seeks to formally review and control business activities to make sure that they are within mandate (i.e. aligned with expectations), and are of an appropriate scale (relative to
the risk and reward of the underlying activities) based on an appropriately detailed system of limits. Using limits and triggers helps mitigate the risk of concentrations which would be out of line with expectations, and which may lead to unexpected
losses of a scale that would be detrimental to the stability of the relevant business line or the Group.

For example, for leveraged
finance and commercial property finance portfolios, there is a series of limits in place to control exposure within each business and geographic sector. To further align limits to the underlying risk characteristics, the mandate and scale limits
differentiate between types of exposure. There are, for example, individual limits for property investment and property development.

The
mandate and scale framework is used to:

◾
  limit
concentration risk


◾
  keep business activities
within Group and individual business mandate

◾
  maintain activities at an appropriate scale relative to the underlying risk and reward


◾
  confirm that risk-taking is
supported by appropriate expertise and capabilities and take corrective actions otherwise.


The most material mandate and scale limits are designated as

A-level
 (Board level) and
B-Level
 (Group level). Group limits are approved by the appropriate risk committee (e.g. Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee) and are
subject to additional escalation and governance requirements.

Further limits are set by risk managers within each business, covering
particular portfolios. Unapproved excesses of limits may result in performance management and disciplinary consequences. Business limits are approved by the relevant business risk team and reportable to the relevant risk committee.


Limits reflect the nature of the risk being managed and controlled and are measured by total financing limits, LGD, stress loss or other metrics as
appropriate. There is explicit identification of the exposures that are captured by limits and any material exclusion must be agreed. Limits are reviewed at least annually. The factors taken into consideration when setting the limit include:


◾
  Group Risk
Appetite


◾
  current exposure/MTP
forecasts

◾
  risk
return considerations

◾
  senior risk management
judgement.

Stress testing

Group-wide stress tests are integrated within the MTP process and annual review of risk appetite. They aim to check that the Group’s financial position and risk profile provide sufficient resilience to withstand the impact of
severe economic stress, allowing Barclays to make changes to plans as necessary. The Group-wide stress testing process is supported by a Capital Stress Testing Standard which sets out the minimum control requirements and defines clear roles and
responsibilities across businesses and central functions. The results also feed into our internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) submission to the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA).


The following diagram outlines the key steps in the Group-wide stress testing process, which are described below.


306 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


The Group-wide stress testing process begins with a detailed scenario setting process, with the GRC
and BRC agreeing the range of scenarios to be tested. The scenarios are designed to be severe but plausible, and relevant to the business. A wide range of macroeconomic parameters are defined (such as GDP, unemployment, house prices, FX and interest
rates), which allows the impact of the scenarios across the wide range of products and portfolios to be assessed across the Group.


Businesses prepare detailed MTP business plans which form the baseline for the stress test assessment. The stress test process aims to support this
level of complexity, using
bottom-up
 analysis across all of our


businesses including both
on-
 and
off-balance
 sheet positions, and combines running statistical models with expert judgement. An overview of the stress testing approach by Principal Risk is provided in the table below. As part of their stress test
assessments, businesses are also required to identify potential management actions that could be taken to mitigate the impact of stress and document these within their results.


The governance process in place includes a detailed review of stress testing methodology and results both within businesses (including
sign-off
 by business CROs and CFOs) and by central functions.


The business stress test results are consolidated to form a Group view which is used to assess the
stress impact on the Group’s capital plans. For the latter, capital management actions such as reducing dividends or redeeming certain capital instruments may be considered. The Group also maintains recovery plans which take into consideration
actions to facilitate recovery from severe stress or an orderly resolution. These actions are additional to those included in the Group-wide stress testing results.


The overall stress testing results are reviewed and signed off by the Board, following review by the Treasury and Capital Risk Committee, Treasury
Committee, BRC and ExCo.


Summary of methodologies for Group-wide stress testing by risk type
Principal Risk   Stress testing approach
Credit risk   ◾ Credit risk impairment: For retail portfolios businesses use statistical models to establish a relationship between arrears movements and key macroeconomic parameters such as
interest rates, inflation and unemployment, incorporating credit quality migration analysis to estimate stressed levels. In addition, house price reductions (for mortgages) and increased customer drawdowns (for revolving facilities) lead to higher
losses which also contribute to increased impairment levels. For wholesale portfolios the stress shocks on credit risk drivers (PDs, LGDs and EADs) are primarily calibrated using historical and expected relationships with key macro-economic
parameters.
◾ Counterparty credit risk losses: T he scenarios include market risk shocks that are applied to determine the market value under stress of contracts that give rise to
Counterparty Credit Risk (CCR). Counterparty losses, including from changes to the Credit Valuation Adjustment and from defaults, are modelled based on the impact of these shocks as well as using stressed credit risk drivers (PDs and LGDs). The same
approach is used to stress the market value of assets held as available for sale or at fair value in the banking book.
◾ Credit risk weighted assets: The impact of the scenarios is calculated via a combination of business
volumes and using similar factors to impairment drivers above, as well as the regulatory calculation and the level of pro-cyclicality of underlying regulatory credit risk models.
Market risk   ◾ Trading book losses: Market risk factors on the balance sheet are stressed using specific market risk
shocks (and are used for the CCR analysis, above). The severity of the shocks applied are dependent on the liquidity of the market under stress, e.g. illiquid positions are assumed to have a longer holding period than positions in liquid
markets.
◾ Treasury and capital
risk will apply scenario variables to forecast the Group’s capital, liquidity and IRRBB requirements under stress and review proposed management actions to mitigate the impact of this stress.
Treasury and Capital Risk   ◾ Interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB): IRRBB is assessed by considering: ◾ The analysis of
treasury and capital risk also contributes to the estimate of stressed income and costs:
–  Stress impact on non-interest income is primarily driven by lower projected business volumes and hence lower income from fees and commissions
–  Impact on net interest income is driven by stressed margins,
which depend on the level of interest rates under stress as well as funding costs, and on stressed balance sheet volumes. This can be partly mitigated by management actions that may include repricing of variable rate products, taking into account
interbank lending rates under stress
–  The impact on costs is mainly driven by business volumes and
management actions to partly offset profit reductions (due to impairment increases and decreases in income) such as headcount reductions and lower performance costs.
◾ Capital risk: Capital risk is assessed by taking all modelled risk impacts as part of the stress test (as listed above) into consideration when assessing Barclays’
ability to withstand a severe stress. The stressed results are considered against internally agreed risk appetite levels but also regulatory minima and perceived market expectations. The MTP can only be agreed by the Board if this is within the
agreed risk appetite levels under stress.
◾ The IAS19 position of
pension funds is also stressed as part of the capital risk assessment, taking into account key economic drivers impacting future obligations (e.g. long-term inflation and interest rates) and the impact of the scenarios on the value of fund
assets.
◾ Liquidity risk: Liquidity risk is assessed by the internal liquidity risk metric (LRA), which analyses specific liquidity risk drivers such as wholesale funding and contingent funding needs based on the below scenarios:
–  Barclays idiosyncratic liquidity scenario: Barclays faces a loss
of market confidence while the market overall is not impacted
–  Market wide liquidity stress scenario: All financial
institutions are impacted by a market wide loss of confidence
–  Combined liquidity stress scenario: A simultaneous Barclays
idiosyncratic and market liquidity stress scenario
–  Long term liquidity stress scenario: Barclays is unable for a
prolonged period of time to access the capital market on a regular basis.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 307


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Risk management strategy, governance and risk culture


Summary of methodologies for Group-wide stress testing by risk type continued
Principal Risk   Stress testing approach
Operational risk   ◾ As part of the reverse stress testing framework, operational risk scenarios are performed to include the assessment of extreme impacts arising from idiosyncratic
losses
Model risk   ◾ IVU reviews the models and assumptions used in the MTP and may request the application of overlays to address model deficiencies.
Conduct risk   ◾ Redress/Remediation:
Businesses review existing provisions and include additional provisions in MTP if required.
◾ Litigation: Irrespective of whether a provision had been recognised, stress projections of future losses for conduct risk matters managed by legal are estimated by
exercising expert judgment on a case by case basis (material matters) or on a portfolio basis (non-material matters) on accordance with the methodology provided by regulators (EBA, PRA).
Reputation risk   ◾ Reputation risk is not quantified or stressed.
Legal risk   ◾ Legal risk is not quantified or stressed.


In 2017, the internal Group-wide stress testing exercise was run as part of the MTP process, where
the Group assessed the impact of an “Adverse” global recession scenario. This was used for the MTP Risk Review and risk appetite setting process.

The Group-wide stress testing framework also includes reverse stress testing techniques, which aim to identify the circumstances under which the Group’s business model would no longer be viable, leading to a significant change
in business strategy and to the identification of appropriate mitigating actions. Examples include extreme macroeconomic downturn (‘severely adverse’) scenarios, or specific idiosyncratic events, covering both operational risk and capital/
liquidity events.

Reverse stress testing is used to help support ongoing risk management and is an input to our Recovery Planning
process.

Business and risk type specific stress tests


Stress testing techniques at portfolio and product level are also used to support risk management. For example, portfolio management in the US cards
business employs stressed assumptions of loss rates to determine profitability hurdles for new accounts. In the UK mortgage business, affordability thresholds incorporate stressed estimates of interest rates. In the Corporate and Investment Bank,
global scenario testing is used to gauge potential losses that could arise in conditions of a severe but plausible market stress. Stress testing is also conducted on positions in particular asset classes, including interest rates, commodities,
equities, credit and foreign exchange.


Regulatory stress testing


In addition to running internal Group-wide stress tests, the Group also runs regulatory stress tests.


In 2017, the PRA ran its annual concurrent stress testing of the major UK banks, which was based on the Bank of England (BoE) stress scenario. The
results of the stress test were published in November 2017, and support the BoE’s aim for increased transparency as part of its stress testing framework.


The Group is also subject to stress testing by
non-UK
 regulators, which are typically focused at the local
legal entity level. This includes the Federal Reserve CCAR process, which will be run in 2018.

Risk management in the setting of
strategy

The risk appetite and (internal) stress testing processes described above form the basis of the risk review of the Medium Term
Plan (MTP), performed annually. The MTP embeds the Group’s objectives into detailed business plans taking into account the likely business and macroeconomic environment. The strategy is informed by the risk review process, which includes
reviewing the Group’s risk profile and setting of risk appetite.

◾
  The MTP risk review process includes a review of the proposed risk appetite by the business, including assessment of business plans under stress which is used to inform
the MTP.

◾
  If the
business’ plans entail too high a level of risk, management can challenge them. This assessment is based on a comparison of the businesses’ own risk appetite assessment reflected in their business plans

(‘bottom-up’
 risk appetite) with the central risk team’s view
(‘top-down’
 risk appetite) based on the financial constraints set by the Board for
the Group.


◾
  Businesses may be asked to
update their business plans until the
bottom-up
 risk appetite is within
top-down
 appetite. There is also a detailed review of the stressed estimates and the methodology
used to translate the economic scenario to these stressed estimates, as well as the management actions included in the business’ results to verify that these are appropriate and realistic in a stressed environment.


◾
  Risk review meetings are
held with the CEO, CFO, CRO and Treasurer of each business, where they present their business plans to the Group CRO and the findings from the risk reviews are discussed, including the risk appetite proposals and stress testing results. Businesses
may be required to change their business plans as a result of these meetings.

The BRC has overall responsibility for reviewing the
Group’s risk profile and making appropriate recommendations to the Board. The Board is ultimately responsible for approving the MTP and the Group’s risk appetite. The risk appetite process allows senior management and the Board to
understand the MTP’s sensitivities by risk type, and includes a set of limits to help the Group stay within it risk appetite, as described above.


308 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


This section discusses the organisation specific to the management of credit risks, and provides details of the calculation of risk weighted assets under the Internal Ratings Based approach of the Basel framework. ◾ Pages 310 to 317 cover
the aspects of the Group’s risk management framework specific to credit risk, including committees and the Group reporting structure. ◾ As 61% of our
regulatory capital is for credit risk, we devote pages 318 to 325 to detailing how we approach the internal ratings models, and how the framework supports risk differentiation and management.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 309


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Credit risk


The risk of loss to the firm from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, including sovereigns, to fully honour their
obligations to the firm, including the whole and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.


Overview

The credit risk that the Group faces arises mainly from wholesale and retail loans and advances together with the counterparty credit risk arising from derivative contracts with clients. Other sources of credit risk arise from
trading activities, including: debt securities, settlement balances with market counterparties, available for sale assets and reverse repurchase loans.

Credit risk management objectives are to:


◾   maintain a framework of controls to enable credit risk taking to be based on sound credit risk management principles;


◾   identify, assess and measure credit risk clearly and accurately across the Group and within each separate business, from the level of individual facilities up to the total portfolio;


◾   control and plan credit risk-taking in line with external stakeholder expectations and avoiding undesirable concentrations;


◾   monitor credit risk and adherence to agreed controls;


◾   enable risk-reward objectives to be met.

Organisation and structure


Wholesale and retail portfolios are managed separately to reflect the differing nature of the assets; wholesale balances tend to be
larger and are managed on an individual basis, while retail balances are larger in number but smaller in value and are, therefore, managed on a homogeneous portfolio basis.


Credit risk management responsibilities have been structured so that decisions are taken as close as
possible to the business, while enforcing robust review and challenge of performance, risk infrastructure and strategic plans. The credit risk management teams in each business are accountable to the relevant Business CRO who, in turn, reports to
the Group CRO.

Roles and responsibilities

The responsibilities of the credit risk management teams in the businesses, the sanctioning team and other shared services include: sanctioning new credit agreements (principally wholesale); setting policies for approval of
transactions (principally retail); setting risk appetite; monitoring risk against limits and other parameters; maintaining robust processes, data gathering, quality, storage and reporting methods for effective credit risk management; performing
effective turnaround and workout scenarios for wholesale portfolios via dedicated restructuring and recoveries teams; maintaining robust collections and recovery processes/units for retail portfolios; and review and validation of credit risk
measurement models.

For wholesale portfolios, credit risk approval is undertaken by experienced credit risk professionals operating
within a clearly defined delegated authority framework, with only the most senior credit officers entrusted with the higher levels of delegated authority.


The largest credit exposures, which are outside the Risk Sanctioning Unit or Risk Distribution
Committee authority require the support of the Group Senior Credit Officers (GSCOs), the Group’s most senior credit risk sanctioners. For exposures in excess of the GSCOs’ authority, approval by Group CRO is required. In the wholesale
portfolios, credit risk managers are organised in sanctioning teams by geography, industry and/or product.

The role of the Central Risk
function is to provide Group-wide direction, oversight and challenge of credit risk-taking. Central Risk sets the Credit Risk Control Framework, which provides the structure within which credit risk is managed, together with supporting credit risk
policies.

Reporting


The Group dedicates considerable resources to gaining a clear and accurate understanding of credit risk across the business and to correctly
reflecting the value of the assets in its balance sheet in accordance with applicable accounting principles. This process can be summarised in five broad stages:


◾   measuring exposures and concentrations


◾   monitoring performance and asset quality


◾   monitoring for weaknesses in portfolios


◾   raising allowances for impairment and other credit provisions


◾   returning assets to a performing status or writing off assets when the whole or part of a debt is considered irrecoverable.


Measuring exposures and concentrations

Loans and advances to customers provide the principal source of credit risk to the Group although it is also exposed to other forms of credit risk through, for example, loans and advances to banks, loan commitments and debt
securities. Risk management policies and processes are designed to identify and analyse risk, to set appropriate risk appetite, limits and controls, and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits by means of reliable and timely data.


310 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Loan loss rate (bps)
– longer-term trends


Notes


a   Restated to reflect the impact of IFRS10, which results in some former Exit Quadrant exposures being recorded at fair value from 2012 onwards.


b   2015, 2016, 2017 figures exclude Africa.


One area of particular review is concentration risk. A concentration of credit risk exists when a
number of counterparties or customers are engaged in similar activities or geographies, and have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic and
other conditions. As a result, the Group constantly reviews its concentration in a number of areas including, for example, geography, maturity and industry.

Mandate and scale limits are used to maintain concentrations at appropriate levels, which are aligned with the business’ stated risk appetite. Limits are typically based on the nature of the lending and the amount of the
portfolio meeting certain standards of underwriting criteria. Diversification, to reduce concentration risk, is achieved through setting maximum exposure limits to individual counterparties’ exposures. Excesses are reported to the BRC.


Monitoring performance and asset quality


Trends in the quality of the Group’s loan portfolio are monitored in a number of ways including tracking loan loss rate and coverage ratios.


Loan loss rate


The loan loss rate (LLR) provides a way of consistently monitoring trends in loan portfolio quality at the Group, business and product levels. The
LLR represents the annualised impairment charges on loans and advances to customers and banks and other credit provisions as a percentage of the total period-end loans and advances to customers and banks, gross of impairment allowances. Details of
the LLR for the current period may be found in the Credit Risk Performance section on page 96.


Coverage ratios


The impairment allowance is the aggregate of the identified and unidentified impairment (UI) balances. Impairment allowance coverage, or the
coverage ratio, is reported at two levels:


◾   credit risk loans (CRLs) coverage ratio, calculated as impairment allowances as a percentage of CRL balances


◾   potential credit risk loans coverage ratio (impairment allowances as a percentage of total CRL and PPL balances).


See identifying potential credit risk loans on page 313 for more information for the criteria for these categories.


Notes


a   Some Non-core related exposures are not reported as CRLs following the introduction of IFRS10, which accounts for these balances at fair value.


b   All historical figures exclude BAGL.

Appropriate coverage ratios will
vary according to the type of product. In principle, a number of factors may affect the Group’s overall coverage ratios, including:


The mix of products within total CRL balances:
coverage ratios will tend to be lower when there is a high proportion of secured Retail and
corporate balances within total CRLs. This is due to the fact that the recovery outlook on these types of exposures is typically higher than Retail unsecured products, with the result that they will have lower impairment requirements.


The stage in the economic cycle:
 coverage ratios will tend to be lower in the earlier stages
of deterioration in credit conditions. At this stage, Retail delinquent balances will be predominantly in the early delinquency cycles and corporate names will have only recently moved to CRL categories. As such balances attract a lower impairment
requirement, the CRL coverage ratio will be lower.

The balance of PPLs to CRLs:
 the impairment requirements for PPLs are lower
than for CRLs, so the greater the proportion of PPLs, the lower the PCRL coverage ratio.

Write-off policies:
 the speed with which
defaulted assets are written off will affect coverage ratios. The more quickly assets are written off, the lower the ratios will be, since stock with 100% coverage will tend to roll out of PCRL categories more quickly.


Details of the coverage ratios for the current period are shown in the above chart and may be found in the analysis of loans and advances and
impairment section at page 105.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 311


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Monitoring weaknesses in portfolios


While the basic principles for monitoring weaknesses in Wholesale and Retail exposures are broadly similar, they reflect the differing nature of the
assets. As a matter of policy, all facilities granted to corporate or Wholesale counterparties are subject to a review on, at least, an annual basis, even when they are performing satisfactorily.


Wholesale portfolios*


Within the Wholesale portfolios, the Basel definitions of default are used as default indicators which have been aligned to the IAS 39 objective
evidence of impairment. A default is triggered if individual identified impairment is recognised. Group definitions of default used are:


◾   bank puts the credit obligation on a non-accrued status


◾   bank makes a charge-off or account specific identified impairment resulting from a significant perceived decline in credit quality


◾   bank sells the credit obligation at a material credit-related economic loss


◾   bank consents to a distressed restructuring of the credit obligation where this is likely to result in a diminished financial obligation caused by the material forgiveness or postponement of
principal, interest or fees


◾   bank triggers a petition for obligor’s bankruptcy or similar order


◾   bank becomes aware of the obligor having sought or having been placed in bankruptcy or similar protection where this would avoid or delay repayment of the credit obligation to the banking group


◾   bank becomes aware of an acceleration of an obligation by a firm


◾   where the obligor is a bank – revocation of authorisation


◾   where the obligor is a sovereign – trigger of default definition of an approved External Credit Assessment Institution (ECAI) such as a rating agency


◾   obligor past due more than 90 days on any material credit obligation to the Group.

Wholesale accounts that are deemed to contain heightened levels of risk are recorded on graded watchlists (WL) comprising four categories graded in line with the perceived severity of the risk attached to the lending, and its
probability of default. Examples of heightened levels of risk may include, for example:


◾   a material reduction in profits


◾   a material reduction in the value of collateral held


◾   a decline in net tangible assets in circumstances which are not satisfactorily explained


◾   periodic waiver requests or changes to the terms of the credit agreement over an extended period of time.


These lists are updated monthly and circulated to the relevant risk control points. Once an account has been placed on WL, the exposure is monitored
and, where appropriate, exposure reductions are effected. Should an account become impaired, it will normally, but not necessarily, have passed through each of the four categories, which reflects the need for increasing caution and control. While
all counterparties, regardless of financial health, are subject to a full review of


all facilities on at least an annual basis, more frequent interim reviews may be undertaken should
circumstances dictate. Specialist recovery functions deal with counterparties in higher levels of WL, default, collection or insolvency. Their mandate is to maximise shareholder value, ideally via working intensively with the counterparty to help
them to either return to financial health or, in the cases of insolvency, obtain the orderly and timely recovery of impaired debts. Where a counterparty’s financial health gives grounds for concern, it is immediately placed into the appropriate
category.

Retail portfolios

Within the Retail portfolios, which tend to comprise homogeneous assets, statistical techniques more readily allow potential credit weaknesses to be monitored on a portfolio basis. The approach is consistent with the Group’s
policy of raising a collective impairment allowance as soon as objective evidence of impairment is identified. Retail accounts can be classified according to specified categories of arrears status (or 30 day cycle), which reflects the level of
contractual payments which are overdue. An outstanding balance is deemed to be delinquent when it is one day or “one penny” down and goes into default when it moves into recovery, normally 180 days. Impairment is considered at all stages
of the customer’s outstanding obligations.

The probability of default increases with the number of contractual payments missed,
thus raising the associated impairment requirement.

Once a loan has passed through a prescribed number of cycles, normally six, it will
be


*   Includes certain Business Banking facilities which are recorded as Retail for management purposes.


312 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


charged-off and enter recovery status. Charge-off refers to the point in time when collections
activity changes from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the full balance. In most cases, charge-off will result in the account moving to a legal recovery function or debt sale. This will typically occur after an account has been treated
by a collections function. However, in certain cases, an account may be charged off directly from a performing status, such as in the case of insolvency or death.


The timings of the charge-off points are established based on the type of loan. For the majority of products, the standard period for charging off
accounts is six cycles (180 days past due date of contractual obligation). Early charge-off points are prescribed for unsecured assets. For example, in cases of customer bankruptcy or insolvency, associated accounts are charged off within 60 days of
notification.

Identifying potential credit risk loans


The Group reports potentially and actually impaired loans as PCRLs under two categories: PPLs and CRLs.


PPLs are loans that currently comply with repayment terms but where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrower to continue to comply
with such terms in the near future. If the credit quality of a Wholesale loan on a WL deteriorates to the highest category, or a Retail loan deteriorates to delinquency cycle 2, consideration is given to including it within the PPL category.


Should further evidence of deterioration be observed, a loan may move to the CRL category. Events that would trigger the transfer of a
loan from the PPL to the CRL category include a missed payment or a breach of covenant. CRLs comprise three classes of loans:

Impaired
loans comprise loans where an individually identified impairment allowance has been raised and also include loans which are fully collateralised or where indebtedness has already been written down to the expected realisable value. This category
includes all Retail loans that have been charged off to legal recovery. The category may include loans, which, while impaired, are still performing.

Accruing past due 90 days or more: comprises loans that are 90 days or more past due with respect to principal or interest. An impairment allowance will be raised against these loans if the expected cash flows discounted at the
effective interest rate are less than the carrying value.


Impaired and restructured loans: comprises loans not included above where, for economic or legal
reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a concession has been granted to the debtor that would not otherwise be considered. Where the concession results in the expected cash flows discounted at the effective interest rate being
less than the loan’s carrying value, an impairment allowance will be raised. See Forbearance and other concession programmes below for more detail.

Allowances for impairment and other credit provisions

The Group establishes, through charges against profit,
impairment allowances and other credit provisions for the incurred loss inherent in the lending book. Under IFRS, impairment allowances are recognised where there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more loss events that have
occurred after initial recognition, and where these events have had an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or portfolio of financial assets. Impairment of loans and receivables is measured as the difference between the
carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate. If the carrying amount is less than the discounted cash flows, then no further allowance is necessary.


Movements in impairment to individual names with a total impairment allowance of £10m or more are presented to the GSCOs for
approval.

Individually assessed impairment


Impairment allowances are measured individually for assets that are individually significant, and collectively where a portfolio comprises
homogeneous assets and where appropriate statistical techniques are available. In terms of individual assessment, the principal trigger point for impairment is the missing of a contractual payment which is evidence that an account is exhibiting
serious financial problems, and where any further deterioration is likely to lead to failure. Details of other trigger points can be found above. Two key inputs to the cash flow calculation are the valuation of all security and collateral, as well
as the timing of all asset realisations, after allowing for all attendant costs. This method applies mainly in the Wholesale portfolios.


Collectively assessed impairment


For collective assessment, the principal trigger point for impairment is the missing of a contractual payment, which is the policy consistently
adopted across all credit cards, unsecured loans, mortgages and most other Retail lending. The calculation methodology relies on the historical experience of pools of similar assets; hence the impairment allowance is collective. The impairment
calculation is typically based on a roll-rate approach, where the percentage of assets that move from the initial delinquency to default is derived from statistical probabilities based on historical experience. Recovery amounts are calculated using
a weighted average for the relevant portfolio. This method applies mainly to the Retail portfolios and is consistent with Group policy of raising an allowance as soon as impairment is identified. Unidentified impairment is also included in
collective impairment.

Impairment for losses incurred but not specifically identified


Unidentified impairment allowances are also raised to cover losses which are judged to be incurred but not yet specifically identified in customer
exposures at the balance sheet date, and which, therefore, have not been specifically reported. The incurred but not yet reported calculation is based on the asset’s probability of moving from the performing portfolio to being specifically
identified as impaired within the given emergence period and then on to default within a specified period, termed as the outcome period. This is calculated on the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s
effective interest rate. The emergence and outcome periods vary across products.

Wholesale portfolios


Impairment in the Wholesale portfolios is generally calculated by valuing each impaired asset on a case by case basis, i.e. on an individual
assessment basis. A relatively small amount of Wholesale impairment relates to unidentified or collective impairment; in such cases, impairment is calculated using modelled Probability of Default (PD) x Loss Given Default (LGD) x Exposure at Default
(EAD) adjusted for an emergence period.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 313


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Retail portfolios


For Retail portfolios, the impairment allowance is mainly assessed on a collective basis and is based on the drawn balances adjusted to take into
account the likelihood of the customer defaulting at a particular point in time (PDpit) and the amount estimated as not recoverable (LGD). The basic calculation is:


Impairment allowance =

Total outstandings x PDpit x LGD

The PDpit increases with the number of contractual payments missed thus raising the
associated impairment requirement.

In Retail, the current policy also incorporates a high risk segment which is included in the
unidentified impairment calculation. High risk segments are those which can be demonstrated to experience higher levels of loss within the performing segment. This segmentation allows for earlier identification of potential loss in a portfolio.
Unidentified impairment is also referred to as collective impairment. This is to reflect the impairment that is collectively held against a pool of assets where a loss event has occurred, but has not yet been captured.


Sensitivity of the impairment to key assumptions

Wholesale portfolios

Impairment in the Wholesale portfolios is generally calculated by valuing each impaired
asset on a case by case basis, and is not therefore primarily model-driven. As such, the key assumptions that would have the most impact on impairment provisions in the Wholesale portfolios are the valuations placed upon security and collateral held
and the timing of asset realisations.

When calculating impairment, estimated future cash flows are discounted at the financial
asset’s original effective interest rate. At present, in Wholesale portfolios, the impact of discounting is relatively small in itself but would rise with reference rates. In addition, to the extent that a rise in interest rates impacted
economic growth and/or serviceability of Wholesale clients and customers, this would be expected to feed through in future impairment numbers.

Retail portfolios

For Retail portfolios, impairment is calculated predominantly using models. The models are
developed using historical data and include explicit and implicit assumptions such as debt sale estimates, house price valuations and the distribution of accounts. Model monitoring and validation are undertaken regularly, at least annually, to make
sure that models are fit for purpose. Further to this, the Group accounts for the impact of changes in the economic environment and lags resulting from the design of the models to enable overall impairment adequacy. See Management adjustments to
Models for Impairment on page 114 for more information on key management judgements in 2017. See stress testing (page 306) for further information.


Emergence and outcome periods


To develop models to calculate the allowance for impairment it is first necessary to estimate the time horizons of these models. These time horizons
are called the emergence and outcome periods. Emergence period relates to the time between a loss event occurring and that event becoming apparent via the account becoming delinquent and attracting identified impairment. Outcome is an analytically
derived period taken to capture lifetime defaults associated with the observed loss event.

The application of this methodology means
that the Group captures the loss incurred at the correct balance sheet date. These impairment allowances are reviewed and adjusted at least quarterly by an appropriate charge or release of the stock of impairment allowances based on statistical
analysis and management judgement. Where appropriate, the accuracy of this analysis is periodically assessed against actual losses. For further detail, see modelling of risk on pages 318 to 325.


Wholesale portfolios

For
the Corporate Banking and Investment Bank portfolios, the emergence period is portfolio specific and is based on the anticipated length of time from the occurrence of a loss event to identified impairment being incurred. The emergence period in
Corporate Banking is derived from actual case file review. This is periodically benchmarked against the time taken to move between risk grades in internal watchlists, from WL1 or 2 into WL3, which is the level of risk that will attract a collective
impairment allowance. Both methodologies produce similar results for the emergence period, which is currently six months. Within Corporate Banking, post model adjustments can be made to increase the emergence period for certain industry sectors to
reflect, for example, a benign environment. The average life of the Investment Bank portfolio is estimated to be 18 months, during which time Investment Bank is exposed to losses on the portfolio. However, it is expected that incurred losses would
become apparent within six months, therefore the Investment Bank also uses a six-month emergence period.

Retail portfolios


During 2017, the Retail Impairment Policy was strengthened and required enhancements to modelling approaches to both emergence and
outcome periods across the credit card portfolios, notably UK and US. Emergence periods at a product level, are shown in the table below.


Emergence periods
Emergence period (months)
Product Type   2017   2016
Credit cards   3-3.5   3-3.5
Current Accounts   4   4
Unsecured Loans   6   4
Secured Loans   8   6

Businesses undertake regular analysis, at least annually, to validate that the minimum emergence periods above
continue to reflect the actual observed time between the occurrence of a loss event and entry to an impaired state, so that they remain appropriate and provide sufficient coverage of future losses.


Where any shortfalls are identified at a business or portfolio level, the prescribed minimum emergence periods are increased to reflect our most
up-to-date experience of customer behaviour.

The final approved emergence periods are incorporated within the rates used as part of the
overall Unidentified Impairment (UI) assessment, which now encompasses total outstanding balances on all accounts that are in order, and for which no identified impairment allowances are held.


Individual evidence based outcome periods are also derived at a business/portfolio level, businesses are required to capture lifetime defaults
allowing consideration to cure rates and future events, subject to a minimum floor of 80%.

Final outcome periods adopted are
re-evaluated on an annual basis so that they continue to reflect the actual time elapsing from the initial indication of potential default to the default event.


Returning assets to a performing status

Wholesale portfolios

In Wholesale portfolios, an account may only be returned to a performing status when it
ceases to have any actual or perceived financial stress and no longer meets any of the WL criteria, or once facilities have been fully repaid or cancelled. Unless a facility is fully repaid or cancelled, the decision in Corporate Banking to return
an account to performing status may only be taken by the credit risk team, while within the Investment Bank, the decision can only be taken by the BI Watch List Committee.


Retail portfolios

A Retail
asset, pre-point of charge-off, may only be returned to a performing status in the following circumstances:


◾   all arrears (both capital and interest) have been cleared and payments have returned to original contractual payments


◾   for revolving products, a re-age event has occurred, when the customer is returned to an up-to-date status without having cleared the requisite level of arrears


314 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


◾   for amortising products, which are performing on a programme of forbearance and meet the following criteria may be returned to the performing book classified as High Risk*:


–   no interest rate concessions must have been granted


–   restructure must remain within original product parameters (original term + extension)


–   twelve consecutive payments at the revised contractual payment amount must have been received post the restructure event.


For residential mortgages, accounts may also be considered for rehabilitation post charge-off, where customer circumstances have changed. The
customer must clear all unpaid capital and interest, and confirm their ability to meet full payments going forward.

Recovery units


Recovery units are responsible for exposures where deterioration of the counterparty/ customer credit profile is severe, to the
extent that timely or full recovery of exposure is considered unlikely and default has occurred or is likely in the short term. Recovery teams set and implement strategies to recover the Group’s exposure through realisation of assets and
collateral, in co-operation with counterparties/customers and where this is not possible through insolvency and legal procedures.

In
Wholesale, for a case to be transferred to a recovery unit, it must be in default and have ceased to actively trade or be in insolvency. In Retail, the timings of the charge-off points to recovery units are established based on the type of loan. For
the majority of products, the standard period for charging off accounts is six missed contractual payments (180 days past due date of contractual obligation) unless a Forbearance programme is agreed. Early points are prescribed for unsecured assets.
For example, in case of customer bankruptcy or insolvency, associated accounts are charged off within 60 days of notification. See recovery information included in Analysis of Specific Portfolio and Asset Types section on page 106.


Foreclosures in process and properties in possession


Foreclosure is the process where the bank initiates legal action against a customer, with the intention of terminating the loan agreement whereby
the bank may repossess the property subject to local law and recover amounts it is owned. This process can be initiated by the bank independent of the impairment treatment and it is therefore possible that the foreclosure process may be initiated
while the account is still in collections (delinquent) or in recoveries (post charge-off) where the customer has not agreed a satisfactory repayment schedule with the bank.


Properties in possession include properties held as ‘loans and advances to customers’ and properties held as ‘other real estate owned’.


Held as ’loans and advances to customers’ (UK and Italy) refers to the properties where the customer continues to retain legal title but
where the bank has enforced the possession order as part of the foreclosure process to allow for the disposal of the asset, or the court has ordered the auction of the property.


Writing off assets


Write-off refers to the point where it is determined that the asset is irrecoverable, it is no longer considered economically viable to try and
recover the asset, it is deemed immaterial, or full and final settlement is reached and a shortfall remains. In the event of write-off, the customer balance is removed from the balance sheet and the impairment reserve held against the asset is
released.

The timing and extent of write-offs may involve some element of subjective judgement. Nevertheless, a write-off will often be
prompted by a specific event, such as the inception of insolvency proceedings or other formal recovery action, which makes it possible to establish that some or the entire advance is beyond realistic prospect of recovery. The position of impaired
loans is also reviewed at least quarterly to make sure that irrecoverable advances are being written off in a prompt and orderly manner and in compliance with any local regulations.


For Retail portfolios, the timings of the write-off points are established based on the type of loan. For unsecured, assets in the recoveries book
will be written-off if the required qualifying repayments are not made within a rolling twelve-month period. For secured loans, the shortfall after the receipt of the proceeds from the disposal of the collateral is written off within three months of
that date if no repayment schedule has been agreed with the borrower. Such assets are only written off once all the necessary procedures have been completed and the amount of the loss has been determined.


Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are written back and hence decrease the amount of the reported loan impairment charge in the
income statement. In 2017, total write-offs of impaired financial assets increased 6% to £2.3bn (2016: £2.2bn).

Total
write-offs of financial assets (£m)


Forbearance and other concession programmes


Forbearance programmes


Forbearance takes place when a concession is made on the contractual terms of a facility in response to an obligor’s financial difficulties.
The Group offers forbearance programmes to assist customers and clients in financial difficulty through agreements that may include accepting less than contractual amounts due where financial distress would otherwise prevent satisfactory repayment
within the original terms and conditions of the contract. These agreements may be initiated by the customer, the bank or a third party.


Forbearance programmes for Wholesale portfolios

The majority of Wholesale client relationships are individually managed, with lending decisions made with reference to specific circumstances and on bespoke terms.


Forbearance measures consist of concessions made towards a debtor that is experiencing or about to experience difficulties in meeting their
financial commitments.

A concession is a sanctioned action, outside of market terms that is beneficial to the debtor. The concession
arises solely due to the financial distress of the debtor and the terms are more favourable than those which would be offered to a new or existing obligor with a similar risk profile. Concessions are represented by:


◾   A change or alteration to the previous terms and conditions of a contract,


◾   A total or partial refinancing of a troubled debt contract.

The
following are some examples of concessions which would be deemed forbearance (where granted to debtors in financial difficulties and outside of market terms):


◾   A restructuring of the contractual terms of a credit facility (such as a reduction in the interest rate).


◾   An extension to the maturity date.


◾   Change to the collateral structure (typically resulting in a net reduction in collateral).


◾   Favourable adjustment to covenants where repayment profile changes, or non-enforcement of material covenant breach.


◾   Repayment in some form other than cash (e.g. equity).


◾   Capitalisation of accrued interest.


◾   Any other concession made which is designed to alleviate actual or apparent financial stress e.g. a capital repayment holiday.


*   The identification and subsequent treatment of up-to-date customers who, either through an event or observed behaviour exhibit potential financial difficulty. High Risk includes customers who have
suffered recent financial dislocation, i.e. prior forbearance or re-age.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 315


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Where a concession is granted that is not a result of financial difficulty and/or is within our
current market terms, the concession would not amount to forbearance. For example, a commercially balanced restructure within the Group’s current terms which involves the granting of concessions and receiving risk mitigation/structural
enhancement of benefit to the Group would not be indicative of forbearance.

Forbearance is not deemed to have occurred in the following
situations:


◾   There is a pending maturity event anticipated at the onset of lending i.e. the loan was never structured to amortise to zero.


◾   A maturity extension or a temporary covenant waiver (e.g. short term standstill) is granted to support a period of negotiation, subject to the Group being satisfied that:


–   the debtor is actively pursuing refinancing or the sale of an asset enabling full repayment at expiry of the extended term


–   no loss is anticipated


–   payments of interest and capital continues as originally scheduled,


–   there is a high probability of a successful outcome within a “reasonable” time scale (6 months for bilateral facilities, 9 months for multi-lender).


◾   Immaterial amendments to lending terms are agreed, including changes to non-financial internal risk triggers that are only used for internal monitoring purposes.


Impairment is assessed on an individual basis and recognised where relevant impairment triggers have been reached including where counterparties are
in arrears and require renegotiation of terms. Forbearance is considered to be an indicator that impairment may be present and an impairment test is performed for all cases placed in forbearance.


A control framework exists along with regular sampling so that policies for watch list and impairment are enforced as defined and all assets have
suitable levels of impairment applied. Portfolios are subject to independent assessment.

Aggregate data for Wholesale forbearance cases
is reviewed by the Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee.

Forbearance programmes for retail portfolios


Retail forbearance is available to customers experiencing financial difficulties. Forbearance solutions take a number of forms depending on
individual customer circumstances. Short-term solutions focus on temporary reductions to contractual payments and may change from capital and interest payments to interest only. For loan customers with longer-term financial difficulties, term
extensions may be offered, which may include interest rate concessions. For credit card customers with longer-term financial difficulties, a switch to a fully amortising plan


may be offered, which may include an interest rate concession.

When an account is
placed into a programme of forbearance, the asset will be classified as such for the remainder of its term, unless after 12 months it qualifies for reclassification, upon which it will be returned to the up-to-date book and classified as high risk
for a further

12 month period. When the Group agrees to a forbearance programme with a customer, the impairment allowance recognises the
impact on cash flows of the agreement to receive less than the original contractual payments. The Retail Impairment Policy prescribes the methodology for impairment of forbearance assets, which is measured by comparing the debt outstanding to the
revised expected repayment. This results in higher impairment, in general, than for fully performing assets, reflecting the additional credit risk attached to loans subject to forbearance.


Barclays has continued to assist customers in financial difficulty through the use of forbearance programmes. However, the extent of forbearance
offered by the Group to customers and clients remains small in comparison to the overall size of the loan book.

The level of forbearance
extended to customers in other Retail portfolios is not material and, typically, does not currently play a significant part in the way customer relationships are managed. However, additional portfolios will be added to this disclosure should the
forbearance in respect of such portfolios become material.

A Retail loan is not considered to be renegotiated where the amendment is at
the request of the customer, there is no evidence of actual or imminent financial difficulty and the amendment meets with all underwriting criteria. In this case it would be treated as a new loan. In the normal course of business, customers who are
not in financial difficulties frequently apply for new loan terms, for example to take advantage of a lower interest rate or to secure a further advance on a mortgage product. Where these applications meet our underwriting criteria and the loan is
made at market interest rates, the loan is not classified as being in forbearance. Only in circumstances where a customer has requested a term extension, interest rate reduction or further advance and there is evidence of financial difficulty is the
loan classified as forbearance and included in our disclosures on forbearance on page 111.

Please see the credit risk performance
section on page 96 for details of principal Wholesale and Retail assets currently in forbearance.


Impairment of loans under forbearance


Loans under forbearance programmes are subject to Group policy. In both Retail and Wholesale portfolios, identified impairment is raised for such
accounts, recognising the agreement between the Group and customer to pay less than the original contractual payment and is measured using a future discounted cash flow approach comparing the debt outstanding to the expected repayment on the debt.
This results in higher impairment, in general, being held for loans under forbearance than for fully performing assets, reflecting the additional credit risk attached to loans subject to forbearance.


Sustainability of loans under forbearance

The Group monitors the sustainability of loans for which forbearance has been granted.

Wholesale portfolios


Debtors granted forbearance are classified on watch list (WL) for the duration of the forbearance. Counterparties placed on WL
status are subject to increased levels of credit risk oversight.

Forborne debtors are classified for reporting as either Performing (WL
1-3) or Non-Performing (WL4).

Non-Performing debtors are defined as:


◾   More than 90 days past due.


◾   Assessed as unlikely to pay credit obligations in full without realisation of collateral, regardless of the existence of any past due amount or of the number of days past due.


◾   Credit impaired.


◾   Performing forborne debtors granted additional forbearance measures or becoming more than 30 days past-due on a facility obligation.


Performing debtors are classified as debtors that are not past due and are without risk of non-payment.


Non-performing status remains in force for a minimum 12 months from the date of classification before the debtor can be considered as performing.
Performing debtors remain forborne for a minimum 24 months before forborne status may be reviewed. The minimum time spent in forbearance for a case that is Non-Performing at the point forbearance is granted is therefore 36 months.


316 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Retail portfolios


In Retail portfolios, the type of forbearance programme offered should be appropriate to the nature and the expected duration of the customer’s
financial distress. It is imperative that the solution agreed is both appropriate to that customer and sustainable, with a clear demonstration from the customer of both willingness and ability to repay. Before any permanent programme of forbearance
is granted, an affordability assessment is undertaken to confirm suitability of the offer. When customers exit forbearance, the accounts are ring-fenced as a High Risk segment within the up-to-date book for a period of at least twelve months.


For disclosure on the Group’s accounting policy with respect to impairment, see pages 91 to 93 and Note 7 of the Barclays PLC
financial statements on page 204.

Other programmes


Retail re-aging activity


Re-aging refers to the placing of an account into an up-to-date position without the requisite repayment of arrears. The re-age policy applies to
revolving products only. No reduction is made to the minimum due payment amounts which are calculated, as a percentage of balance, with any unpaid principal included in the calculation of the following month’s minimum due payment.


The changes in timing of cash flows following re-aging do not result in any additional cost to the Group. The following are the conditions required
to be met before a re-age may occur:


◾   the account must not have been previously charged off or written off


◾   the borrower cannot be bankrupt, subject to an Individual Voluntary Arrangement (a UK contractual arrangement with creditors for individuals wishing to avoid bankruptcy), a fraud or deceased


◾   the borrower must show a renewed willingness and ability to repay the debt. This will be achieved by the borrower making at least three consecutive contractual monthly payments or the equivalent
cumulative amount. Contractual monthly payment is defined as the contractual minimum due. Funds may not be advanced for any part of this


◾   the account must have been on book at least nine months (i.e. nine months prior to the three-month qualification period)


◾   no account should be re-aged more than once within any twelve-month period, or more than twice in a five year period.


Assets are considered to belong to a separate High Risk pool. Under High Risk, the performance of the assets is a risk characteristic and results in
a higher probability of default being assigned to them in impairment models which meet the requirement of IAS 39, AG87-88. This results in an appropriately higher impairment allowance being recognised on the assets.


Retail small arrears capitalisation


All small arrears capitalisations are now considered a form of Forbearance, based on the European Banking Authority’s requirements for
Supervisory Reporting on Forbearance and Non-Performing exposures.

Refinancing risk


This is the risk that the borrower or group of correlated borrowers may be unable to repay bullet-repayment loans at expiry, and will therefore need
refinancing.

From a large corporates perspective, refinancing risk will typically be associated with loans that have an element of
bullet repayment incorporated into the repayment profile. Refinancing risk is taken into account on a case by case basis as part of the credit review and approval process for each individual loan. The review will consider factors such as the
strength of the business model and sustainability of the cash flows; and for bridge loans, the certainty of the sources of repayment and any associated market risk.


Commercial real estate loans will frequently incorporate a bullet repayment element at maturity. Where this is the case, deals are sized and
structured to enable the Group to term out the loan if the client were unable to refinance the loan at expiry. Credit review will incorporate an examination of various factors that are central to this consideration, such as tenant quality, tenancy
agreement (including break clauses), property quality and interest rate sensitivity. Loans to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) will typically be either revolving credit lines to cover working capital needs or amortising exposures, with periodic
refinancing to give the opportunity to review structure, pricing, etc.

Environmental risk


Environmental risk is recognised as a mainstream credit risk issue and the Group has a dedicated Environmental Risk Management team, as part of the
central Credit Risk Management function. Environmental issues are considered in credit risk assessment, and environmental risk standards are included in the Wholesale Credit Risk Control Framework.


The Group’s approach to environmental credit risk management addresses risk under three categories, namely Direct risk and Indirect risk, which
are covered below, and Reputation risk, on which more detail may be found on page 358.


Direct risk
 can arise when the Group takes commercial land as collateral. In many
jurisdictions, enforcement of a commercial mortgage by the bank, leading to possession, potentially renders the Group liable for the costs of remediating a site if deemed by the regulator to be contaminated, including for pre-existing conditions. In
the UK, the Group’s approach requires commercial land, if being pledged as collateral, to be subject to a screening mechanism. Where required, a further assessment of the commercial history of a piece of land and its potential for environmental
contamination helps reflect in the value ascribed to that security any potential environmental degradation. It also identifies potential liabilities which may be incurred by the Group, if realisation of the security were to become likely.


Indirect risk
 can arise when environmental issues may impact the creditworthiness of the borrower. For instance, incremental
costs may be incurred in upgrading a business’ operations to meet emerging environmental regulations or tightening standards. In other circumstances, failure to meet those standards may lead to fines. Environmental impacts on businesses may
also include shifts in the market demand for goods or services generated by our customers, or changing supply chain pressures. Environmental considerations affecting our clients can be varied. The bank has developed a series of environmental risk
briefing notes, covering ten broad industry headings ranging from Agriculture and Fisheries to Oil and Gas, from Mining and Metals to Utilities and Waste Management. These briefing notes are available to colleagues in business development and credit
risk functions across the organisation, outlining the nature of environmental and social risks of which to be aware, as well as the factors which mitigate those risks.


The growing importance of climate change as a source of indirect risk is increasingly being recognized in credit policy discussions. Climate risk
can arise as physical risk, where changing weather patterns may adversely impact a client’s operations, their access to critical resources, their supply chains or their distribution networks, or it can be a transition risk if movement to a
lower carbon economy increases the costs or reduces the demand for their products or services. Currently, climate risks are assessed at a relationship level or on a transactional level, such as assessing a client’s perspective on the potential
impacts of the climate change agenda on their operations, and the extent to which such impacts are reflected in their business planning assumptions.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 317


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Internal ratings based (IRB) approach


The IRB approach largely relies on internal models to derive the risk parameters/ components used in determining the capital requirement for a given
exposure. The main risk components include measures of the probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and the exposure at default (EAD). The IRB approach is divided into three alternative applications: Own-Estimates, Supervisory Estimates
and Specialised Lending:

Own-Estimates IRB (OEIRB): Barclays uses its own models to estimate PD, LGD and EAD to calculate given risk
exposures for various asset classes and the associated Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs).

Supervisory IRB (SIRB): Barclays uses its own PD
estimates, but relies on supervisory estimates for other risk components. The SIRB approach is particularly used to floor risk parameters for wholesale credit exposures where default data scarcity may impact the robustness of the model build
process.

Specialised Lending IRB: For specialised lending exposures for which PD cannot be modelled reliably, Barclays uses a set of
risk weights defined in the relevant regulation, and takes into account a range of prescribed risk factors.

While in the past the
industry has used the terms ‘Advanced’, ‘Foundation’ and ‘Slotting’ IRB, the current enforcing regulation (the Capital Requirements Regulation) does not use these terms.


The IRB calculation for credit risk

For both OEIRB and SIRB approaches, Barclays uses the regulatory prescribed risk-weight functions for the purposes of deriving capital requirements.


In line with regulatory requirements, Long Run Average PD and downturn LGD and CF (Conversion Factor) estimates are used for each customer/facility
to determine regulatory capital for all exposures in scope.

For the purpose of pricing and existing customer management, point in time
(PIT) PD, LGD and EAD are generally used as these represent the best estimates of risk given the current position in the credit cycle. Whilst Long Run Average PDs are always tested at grade/pool level, PIT PDs are also used for the calculation of
capital on certain retail unsecured products, in line with regulation.


Applications of internal ratings


The three components – PD, LGD and CF – are the building blocks used in a variety of applications that measure credit risk across the
entire portfolio:


◾   credit approval: PD models are used in the approval process in both retail and wholesale portfolios. In high-volume retail portfolios, application and behaviour scorecards are frequently
used as decision-making tools. In wholesale and some retail mortgage portfolios, PD models are used to direct applications to an appropriate credit-sanctioning level


◾   credit grading: this was originally introduced in the early 1990s to provide a common measure of risk across the Group. Barclays now employs a 21-point scale of default probabilities.


◾   risk-reward and pricing: PD, LGD and CF estimates are used to assess the profitability of deals and portfolios and to facilitate risk-adjusted pricing and strategy decisions


◾   risk appetite: estimates are used to calculate the expected loss and the potential volatility of loss in the Group’s risk appetite framework. See page 306


◾   impairment calculation: under IAS 39, many collective impairment estimates incorporate the use of PD and LGD models. See page 313


◾   collections and recoveries: model outputs are used to identify segments of the portfolio where collection and recovery efforts should be prioritised


◾   economic capital (EC) calculation: most EC calculations use similar inputs as the regulatory capital (RC) process


◾   risk management information: Risk generate reports to inform senior management on issues such as business performance, risk appetite and EC consumption. Model outputs are used as key
indicators in those reports. Risk also generates regular reports on model risk, which covers model accuracy, model use, input data integrity and regulatory compliance among other issues.


Ratings processes and models for credit exposures


Wholesale credit

To
construct ratings for wholesale customers, including financial institutions, corporates, specialised lending, purchased corporate receivables and equity exposures, Barclays complements its internal models suite with external models and rating
agencies’ information. A model hierarchy is in place requiring users/credit officers to adopt a consistent approach/model to rate each counterparty based on the asset class type and the nature of the transaction. The bank employs 41 internal
Wholesale models that are available for regulatory capital calculation under AIRB.


Wholesale PD models


Barclays employs a range of methods in the construction of these models:


◾   statistical models are used for our high volume portfolios such as small or medium enterprises (SME). The models are typically built using large amounts of internal data, combined with supplemental
data from external data suppliers where available. Wherever external data is sourced to validate or enhance internally held data, similar data quality standards to those applicable to the internal data management are enforced.


◾   structural models incorporate, in their specification, the elements of the industry-accepted Merton framework to identify the distance to default for a counterparty. This relies upon the modeller
having access to specific time series data or data proxies for the portfolio. Data samples used to build and validate these models are typically constructed by appropriately combining data sets from internal default observations with comparable
externally obtained data sets from commercial providers such as rating agencies and industry data gathering consortia.


◾   expert lender models are used for those parts of the portfolio where there is insufficient internal or external data to support the construction of a statistically robust model. These models
utilise the knowledge and in-depth expertise of the senior credit officers dealing with the specific customer type being modelled. For all portfolios with a low number of default observations, the Group adopts specific regulatory rules,
methodologies and floors in its estimates to enforce that the calibration of the model meets the current regulatory criteria for conservatism.

Wholesale LGD models

The LGD models typically rely on statistical analysis to derive the model drivers
(including seniority of claim, collateral coverage, recovery periods, industry and costs) that best explain the Group’s historical loss experience, often supplemented with other relevant and representative external information where available.
The models are calibrated to downturn conditions for regulatory capital purposes and, where internal and external data is scarce, they are subject to SIRB floors to enforce the calibration of the model meets the current regulatory criteria for
conservatism.

Wholesale CF models

The wholesale CF models estimate the potential utilisation of the currently available headroom based on statistical analysis of the available internal and external data and past client behaviour. As is the case with the LGD models,
the CF models are subject to downturn calibration for regulatory capital purposes and to floors where data is scarce. The CF models add a term for accrued interest to facility EAD. Thus, projected EAD can exceed current drawn balance even for


318 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


facilities with no headroom.


Retail credit

Retail banking
and cards operations have long and extensive experience of using credit models in assessing and managing risks. As a result, models play an integral role in customer approval and management decisions. Most retail portfolios are data rich;
consequently, most models are built in-house using statistical techniques and internal data. Exceptions are some expert lender models (similar to those described in the wholesale context) where data scarcity precludes the statistically robust
derivation of model parameters. In these cases, appropriately conservative assumptions are typically used, and wherever possible these models are validated/benchmarked against external data. The bank employs 42 internal retail models to calculate
regulatory capital for credit exposures.

Retail PD models


Application and behavioural scorecards are most commonly used for retail PD modelling:


◾   application scorecards are derived from historically observed performance of new clients. They are built using customer demographic and financial information, supplemented by credit bureau
information where available. Through statistical techniques, the relationship between these candidate variables and the default marker is quantified to produce output scores reflecting a PD. These scores are used primarily for new customer
decisioning but are, in some cases, also used to allocate a PD to new customers for the purpose of capital calculation.


◾   behavioural scorecards differ from application scorecards in that they rely on the historically observed performance of existing clients. The statistically derived output scores are used for
existing customer management activities as well as for the purpose of capital calculation.

Retail LGD models


Retail LGD models are built using bespoke methods chosen to best model the operational recovery process and practices. In a number
of secured portfolios, LGD drivers are parameterised with market factors (e.g. house price indices, haircut of the property value) to capture market trends. For most unsecured portfolios, where recoveries are not based on collateral, statistical
models of cash flows are used to estimate ultimate recoveries and LGDs. In all instances, cash flows are discounted to the point of default by using bespoke country and product level factors. For capital calculations, customised economic downturn
adjustments, taking into account loss and default dependency, are made to adjust losses to stressed conditions.


Retail CF models


CF models within retail portfolios are split into two main methodological categories. The general methodology is to derive product level credit
conversion factors (CCFs) from historical balance migrations, typically for amortising product, such as mortgages, consumer loans. These are frequently further segmented at a bucket level (e.g. by delinquency). The most sophisticated CF models are
based on behavioural factors, determining customer level CCFs from characteristics of the individual facility, typically for overdrafts and credit cards. For capital calculations, customised downturn adjustments, taking into account loss and default
dependency, are made to adjust for stressed conditions.

The control mechanisms for the rating system


Model risk is a risk managed under the ERMF. Consequently, the Group Model Risk Policy (GMRP) and its supporting standards covering the end-to-end
model life cycle are in place to support the management of risk models.

Key controls captured by the GMRP cover:


◾   model governance is anchored in assigning accountabilities and responsibilities to each of the main stakeholders:


–   model owner – each model must have an owner who has overall accountability for the model


–   model developers – support the model owner and drive development according to the model owner’s defined scope/ purpose


–   Independent Validation Unit (IVU) – responsible for independent review, challenge and approval of all models.


◾   externally developed models are subject to the same governance standards as internal models


◾   models are classified by materiality (high/ low) and complexity (complex/non-complex)


◾   all models must be validated and approved by IVU before initial implementation/use


◾   models are subject to annual review by the model owner and periodic validation and approval by IVU


◾   all models must be recorded in the Group Models Database (GMD), which records model owners and developers


◾   model owners must evidence that model implementation is accurate and tested.


If a model is found to perform sub-optimally, it may be rejected and/or subjected to a Post Model
Adjustment (PMA) before approval for continued use is granted.

The IVU reporting line is separate from that of the model developers. IVU
is part of Model Risk Management (MRM), and the head of MRM reports to the Group CRO. The model development teams have separate reporting lines to the Barclays UK and Barclays International Chief Risk Officers, who in turn report to the Group CRO.


Under the Three Lines of Defence approach stated in the ERMF, the actions of all parties with responsibilities under the GMRP are
subject to independent review by Barclays Internal Audit.

Validation processes for credit models


Validation of credit models covers observed model performance but also the scope of model use, interactions between models, data use and quality,
the model’s theoretical basis, regulatory compliance and any remediation to model risk that are proposed or in place. The following sections provide more detail on processes for validating the performance of each model type.


Wholesale PD models

To
assess model calibration, the IVU compares the model prediction of default frequency to the realised internal default rate both over the latest year and over all observable model history. Due to the relative infrequency of default of large wholesale
obligors, a long-run perspective on default risk is vital. Default rates are also compared to external benchmarks where these are relevant and available, such as default rates in rating-agency data. In practice, since financial crises have been
infrequent, IVU would expect the model PD used in calculating regulatory capital to exceed the long run observed default rate.

For
portfolios where few internal defaults have been observed, portfolio PD is compared to the ‘most prudent PD’ generated by the industry-standard Pluto-Tasche method, using conservative parameter assumptions.


To assess model discrimination performance, the IVU compares the rank-ordering of internal ratings with the pattern of defaults, if any, to
construct the industry-standard Gini statistic or similar. The ordering of internal ratings is also compared to the ordering of internal and external comparator ratings where these are available.


Mobility metric and population stability index is also routinely calculated to infer relevant aspects of the model performance (e.g. rating
philosophy).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 319


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Wholesale LGD models


To assess model calibration, model outputs are compared to the LGD observed on facilities that entered default in ‘downturn’ periods, as
requested by the regulator. Both internal and external data on observed LGD are examined, but preference is given to internal data, since these reflect Barclays’ recovery policies. Comparisons are performed by product seniority and security
status and for other breakdowns of the portfolio. Model outputs are also compared to the long-run average of observed LGD. The time-lapse between facility default and the closure of recovery is varied and may be long. In the construction of observed
LGD, recoveries are discounted back to the date of default at a conservative interest rate, following regulatory guidance of at least 9%. As noted above, regulatory floors are in place for the LGD used in calculating regulatory capital for exposure
types where few default observations are available.

To assess model discrimination, the IVU compares the rank-ordering of model
predictions to that of observed LGD and calculates the Spearman’s Rank correlation coefficient and other measures of discrimination.

Wholesale CF models

To assess model calibration, the conversion factors observed in internal data are compared
to model predictions, both in downturn periods as defined by the regulator, and on a long-run average basis. Comparisons are performed separately for different product types. Validation focuses on internal data, with external data used as a
benchmark, because conversion factors are related to banks’ facility management practices. Particular care is used in separating cases where facility limits changed between the date of observation and default, as these can lead to measurements
of conversion factors that take extreme values. As a benchmark only, total predicted exposure at default for all defaulted facilities is compared to realised exposure at default. This comparison is done because it is relatively insensitive to
extreme values for observed CF on some facilities. The primary validation tests are performed on a facility-weighted rather than exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with the relevant regulations.


Retail PD models

To assess
rating philosophy, i.e. whether it is a Point-in-Time system or Through-the-Cycle system, the IVU produces migration indices to investigate relevant grade migration.


To assess model calibration, the IVU compares the model prediction of default frequency to the realised internal default rate by grade/pool as
required by CRR. As a minimum, IVU expects the expected default rate is at least equal or above the level of observed default rate.


To assess model discrimination performance, the IVU compares the rank-ordering of internal ratings
with the pattern of defaults, if any, to construct the industry-standard Gini statistic or similar.

To assess model stability, the
population distribution, the character distribution and parameter estimates are assessed individually.

A 0.03% regulatory floor is in
place for the facility level PD used in calculating regulatory capital.

Retail LGD models


LGD model components are compared to observed value respectively, this may include but not limited to probability of possession/ charge off, forced
sale discount, time from default to crystallisation and discount rate. Where components are similar to PD in nature, the approach stated in the PD section applies to assess the calibration, discrimination and stability of the component.


The calibration of the overall LGD is assessed through the expected against actual comparison by default flow and stock population respectively. The
downturn LGD appropriateness is further assessed to implement that the downturn LGD is equal to or above the long-run average of observed LGD. This exercise is performed at grade/pool level according to CRR. In the construction of observed LGD,
recoveries are discounted back to the date of default at a conservative interest rate, following regulatory guidance. As noted above, regulatory floors are in place for the LGD used in calculating regulatory capital where appropriate (this includes
but not limited to the non-zero LGD floor at account level, the collateral uncertainty consideration, the portfolio level LGD floor and UK property haircut floor).


The primary validation tests are performed on facility-weighted rather than exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with the relevant regulations.


Retail CF models


The calibration of the overall CF is assessed through the expected against actual comparison by default flow and stock population respectively. The
downturn CF appropriateness is further assessed to implement that the downturn CF is equal to or above the long-run average of observed CF. This exercise is performed at grade/pool level according to CRR. Particular care is used in separating cases
where facility limits changed between the date of observation and default, as these can lead to measurements of conversion factors that take extreme values.


Depending on the modelling approach, the relevant measure used for PD/LGD may be used accordingly to
assess calibration, discrimination and stability.

CF is floored so that the exposure at the point of default cannot be less than
exposure observed at point of regulatory reporting.

The primary validation tests are performed on facility-weighted rather than
exposure-weighted basis, however, in line with the relevant regulations.

Table 93 for credit risk model characteristics shows modelled
variables to calculate RWAs (PD, LGD, and EAD) at portfolio level, with number of models and their significance in terms of RWAs, model method or approach, numbers of years of data used, Basel asset class of the customer or client, and regulatory
thresholds applied.

Selected features of material models


The table below contains selected features of the Group’s AIRB credit risk models which are used to calculate RWAs. The RWAs reported in this
table are based on the models in production as of November 17.


◾   PD models listed in the table account for £108bn of total AIRB approach RWAs as of November 17


◾   LGD models listed in the table account for £115bn of total AIRB approach RWAs as of November 17


320 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Table 93 AIRB_Credit
Size of associated portfolio (RWAs)
Component modelled   Portfolio   BUK (£m)   BI (£m)   Model description and methodology   Number of years loss data   Basel asset classes measured   Applicable industry-wide regulatory thresholds
PD   Publicly traded corporate   10   24,707   Statistical model using a Merton-based methodology. It takes quantitative factors as inputs.   > 10 Years   Corporate   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Customers rated by Moody’s and S&P   483   28,662   Rating Agency Equivalent model converts agency ratings into estimated equivalent PIT default rates using credit cycles based on Moody’s
data.   > 10 Years   Corporate, Financial Institutions and Sovereigns   PD floor of 0.03% for corporate and institutions
PD   Corporate and SME customers with turnover <
£20m   6,285   5,879   Statistical models that use regression techniques to derive relationships between observed default experience and a set of behavioural
variables.   < 5 Years   Corporate, Corporate SME   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Corporate customers with turnover >= £20m   35   8,513   Statistically derived models sourced from an external vendor (Moody’s RiskCalc)   6 – 10 Years   Corporate   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Home Finance   16,319   –   Statistical scorecards estimated using regression techniques, segmented along arrears status and portfolio type.   6 – 10 Years   Secured By Real Estate (residential and buy-to-let mortgages)   PD floor of 0.03%
PD   Barclaycard UK   17,058   –   Statistical scorecards estimated using regression techniques, segmented along arrears status and portfolio type.   6 – 10 Years   Qualifying Revolving Retail (QRRE)   PD floor of 0.03%
LGD   Corporate and Financial Institutions   –   54,351   Model based on a statistical regression that outputs a long run average LGD by estimating the expected value of recovery. Inputs include industry,
seniority, instrument, collateral and country.   > 10 Years   Corporate, Financial Institutions   LGD floor of 45% based on low default portfolio criteria
LGD   All business customers (excluding certain specialised sectors)   –   27,543   Model is based on a function estimated using actual recoveries experience. It takes account of collateral value and an allowance for non-collateral
recovery.   > 10 Years   Corporate   LGD floor of 5%
LGD   UK Home Finance   16,319   –   Data driven estimates of loss and probability of possession   6 – 10 Years   Secured By Real Estate (residential and buy-to-let mortgages)   The portfolio average downturn LGD is floored at 10%
LGD   Barclaycard UK   17,058   –   Statistical models combining segmented regression and other forecasting techniques   6 – 10 Years   Qualifying Revolving Retail (QRRE)   –


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 321


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Credit Risk IRB models performance back testing – estimated versus actual


The following tables compare the PDs and LGDs estimated by the Group’s IRB models with the actual default and loss rates. Comparisons are based
on the assets in IRB approach portfolios and are used to assess performance of the models. The estimates and actual figures represent direct outputs from the models rather than outputs used in regulatory capital calculations that may be adjusted to
apply more conservative assumptions.

Back testing results are reported within each IRB exposure class at overall Bank level both for
Retail and Wholesale excluding Africa, as the historical BUK and BI split is not available for the Wholesale obligors. We intend to report back testing results at BUK and BI level in future once adequate data history is available.


Risk models are subject to the Group Model Risk Policy which contains detailed guidance on the minimum standards for model risk management. For
example, PDs must be estimated over a sufficient period, show sufficient differentiation in predictions for different customers, show conservatism where data limitations exist, and follow prescriptive techniques. These standards are achieved via an
independent validation process through appropriately independent experts. Once validated and correctly implemented, models are subject to regular monitoring to assess they can still be used. Comparing model estimates with actual default rates for PD
and loss rates for LGD form part of this monitoring. Such analysis is used to assess and enhance the performance of the models.


Further detail is provided in the management of model risk on page 354.


PD measures


◾   The model estimated PIT PDs are compared with the actual default rates by PD ranges within each IRB exposure class. PD ranges, estimated PDs and actual default rates are based on the existing
models default definitions. UK Cards is the only CRD IV compliant portfolio as of the reference month November 16, for the remaining portfolios CRD IV compliant models are either implemented post the reference month or under implementation or
currently under development/approval as per the CRD IV roll out plan agreed with the PRA.


◾   The estimated PDs are forward-looking average PD by the model at the beginning of the twelve-month period, i.e. average PD of the November 16 non-defaulted obligors including inactive and
non-borrowers. Both EAD weighted and simple average PDs have been reported.


◾   The estimated PDs are compared with the simple average of historical annual default rates over the past 5 years, starting November 12.


◾   The PIT PD is used as a predicted measure in internal monitoring and annual validation of the models. In contrast, the capital calculation uses TTC or Regulatory PDs (not shown below), calibrated
to long-run default averages with additional adjustments where modelled outputs display evidence of risk understatement (including credit expert overrides, regulatory adjustments etc.). The PIT measure is subject to under or over prediction
depending on the relative position of the portfolio to the credit cycle.


◾   A mapping has been provided between external ratings and internal PD ranges based on the published reports from the two rating agencies – Moody’s and S&P.


◾   For the wholesale models, the average default probabilities in the tables have been determined from the full scope of clients graded by the IRB model suite, which may include some clients that have
either zero exposure or zero limits marked at the time of calculation.

LGD measures


◾   The model estimated LGDs, unadjusted for regulatory floors and for downturn adjustments, are compared with the actual LGDs within each IRB exposure class.


◾   The estimated LGDs are derived from a simple average of LGDs at the time of default for the set of cases closed over the previous twelve months.


◾   The actual LGD rate is the simple average observed loss rate for the set of cases closed over the previous twelve months, regardless of the time of default.


◾   The LGD measures are used as a predicted measure in internal monitoring and annual validation of the models. The capital calculation uses Downturn LGDs with additional adjustments and regulatory
floors where modelled outputs display evidence of risk understatement.


322 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Table 94: Analysis of expected performance versus actual results


This table provides an overview of credit risk model performance, assessed by the analysis of average PDs and average LGDs.


The table compares the raw model output to the actual experience in our portfolios. Such analysis is used to assess and enhance the
adequacy and accuracy of models. The raw outputs are subject to a number of adjustments before they are used in the calculation of capital, for example to allow for the position in the credit cycle and the impact of stress on recovery rates.


Asset Class
Arithmetic   of which:   Average
Weighted   Average   Number of obligors   Defaulted   new   historical
Average   PD by   As at   As at   obligors in   defaulted   annual
External Ratings Equivalent   PD   obligors   Nov   Nov   the year   in the year   default
Wholesale   PD Range   Moody’s   S&P   %   %   ’16   ’17   £m   £m   %
Central governments or central banks   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.02%   0.03%   97   57   –   –   0.00%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   7   4   –   –   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.30%   0.36%   8   7   –   –   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.00%   0.73%   1   4   –   –   0.00%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   0.00%   1.12%   10   7   –   –   0.00%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   3.65%   4.74%   7   9   –   –   0.00%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   30.00%   22.67%   5   4   –   –   0.00%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   –   –   –   –   0.00%
Institutions   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.03%   0.03%   8,657   9,156   –   –   0.00%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.18%   0.18%   877   909   –   –   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.40%   0.40%   379   417   –   –   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.57%   0.57%   106   53   –   –   0.00%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.84%   1.23%   221   223   –   –   0.00%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   3.55%   5.18%   137   141   1   –   0.33%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   11.60%   21.39%   72   46   –   –   0.48%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   15   15   –   –   0.00%
Corporate   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.03%   0.05%   1450   1430   1   –   0.01%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   368   375   1   –   0.05%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.35%   0.36%   639   622   –   –   0.26%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.62%   0.62%   297   375   –   –   0.26%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.36%   1.37%   844   763   4   –   0.48%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   4.33%   5.00%   1,271   1,061   15   –   1.95%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   23.15%   20.27%   247   311   15   –   5.10%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   183   165   –   –   0.00%
Corporate SME   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.07%   0.09%   751   705   –   –   0.03%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.19%   0.19%   1,508   1,483   1   –   0.17%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.37%   0.37%   2,912   2,764   5   –   0.14%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.65%   0.65%   2,196   2,090   5   –   0.21%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.29%   1.35%   4,412   3,723   14   2   0.50%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   5.24%   4.82%   4,724   3,769   69   4   2.93%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   27.27%   23.90%   528   510   42   –   9.86%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   182   178   –   –   0.00%
Specialist   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.07%   0.07%   29   28   –   –   0.00%
Lending   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.19%   0.19%   38   31   –   –   0.00%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.37%   0.39%   145   153   –   –   0.00%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.65%   0.64%   171   140   –   –   0.57%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.23%   1.33%   222   211   1   –   0.11%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   3.82%   3.92%   135   117   2   –   2.19%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   29.13%   28.75%   12   6   2   –   14.63%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   60   45   –   –   0.00%


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 323


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


Table 94: Analysis of expected performance versus actual results

continued


Asset Class
Arithmetic   of which:   Average
Weighted   Average   Number of obligors   Defaulted   new   historical
Average   PD by   As at   As at   obligors in   defaulted   annual
External Ratings Equivalent   PD   obligors   Nov   Nov   the year   in the year   default
Retail   PD Range   Moody’s   S&P   %   %   ’16   ’17   £m   £m   %
SME a   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.04%   0.06%   33,916   35,506   13   1   0.04%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   24,262   26,041   16   1   0.06%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.36%   0.38%   55,626   60,087   41   7   0.06%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.63%   0.64%   45,006   63,355   41   8   0.08%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.50%   1.54%   215,431   178,463   340   94   0.15%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   4.88%   5.54%   305,617   321,961   1,134   475   0.32%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   24.03%   23.53%   296,712   339,890   13,446   3,402   2.80%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   5,097   9,672   –   –   –
Secured by   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.08%   0.08%   745,590   728,709   528   –   0.07%
Real Estate   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.19%   0.19%   137,113   131,176   248   –   0.16%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.34%   0.33%   60,859   58,609   289   –   0.34%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.58%   0.60%   12,575   9,743   124   –   0.77%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.22%   1.28%   18,452   16,262   348   –   1.94%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   5.30%   5.28%   5,467   4,736   371   –   6.75%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   37.51%   37.38%   5,270   4,786   1,625   –   48.93%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   11,694   10,858   –   –   –
Qualifying   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.07%   0.05%   10,551,296   10,874,869   3,407   953   0.04%
Revolving Retail   Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.20%   0.20%   1,814,852   1,814,017   2,861   675   0.17%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.36%   0.36%   2,166,187   2,143,391   6,130   1,008   0.31%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.61%   0.61%   1,140,627   1,113,122   5,677   566   0.55%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.46%   1.39%   2,703,357   2,633,448   29,311   1,358   1.22%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   4.98%   4.87%   1,591,182   1,555,953   72,298   1,326   4.61%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+,CCC,   24.97%   27.67%   494,297   507,976   136,958   114   28.64%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   459,598   412,355   –   –   –
Other Retail   0.00 to <0.15   Aaa, Aa1, Aa2,   AAA, AA+, AA,   0.13%   0.13%   60   65   –   –   0.56%
Aa3, A1, A2, A3,   AA-, A+, A, A-,
Baa1   BBB+
0.15 to <0.25   Baa2   BBB+, BBB   0.22%   0.22%   1,961   2,417   4   –   0.56%
0.25 to <0.50   Baa3, Ba1   BBB, BBB-   0.41%   0.41%   46,159   51,568   125   –   0.56%
0.50 to <0.75   Ba1, Ba2   BB+   0.63%   0.63%   87,454   92,677   237   –   0.58%
0.75 to <2.50   Ba2, Ba3, B1   BB, BB-   1.40%   1.40%   336,579   347,138   3,805   –   1.24%
2.50 to <10.00   B1, B2, B3   BB-, B+, B, B-   4.28%   4.38%   125,042   118,003   6,199   –   4.50%
10.00 to <100.00   B3, Caa1, Caa2,   B-, CCC+, CCC,   43.63%   38.05%   26,019   26,353   10,869   –   37.38%
Caa3, Ca, C   CCC-, CC+,CC, C
100.00 (default)   D   D   100.00%   100.00%   43,731   41,964   –   –   –


Asset Class
Number
of resolved cases over last one year (Dec’16 to Nov’17)   Predicted LGD (Simple Average) %   Actual LGD (Simple Average) %
Wholesale
Investment Bank   29   31   11
Corporate Bank   65   47   42
Retail
SME   2,399   82   72
Secured by Real Estate   3,812   4   5
Qualifying Revolving Retail   291,488   75   74
Other retail   23,413   77   80

Note


a   Refer to the notes on page 325 for an explanation of data limitations relating to the Retail SME figures presented in this table.


324 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk and the internal

ratings-based approach


2017 AIRB models back testing summary


The section below provides AIRB model performance summary based on the above back testing results, along with the remediation plans.


Wholesale


◾   The Wholesale book continues to maintain low default rates across IRB exposure classes, with no defaults observed for ‘Central Governments or Central Banks’. The estimated PDs are higher
(conservative) compared to actual default rates for most PD ranges within each exposure class. Four wholesale models were decommissioned in August 2017 post implementation of the new SME capital suite; actual default rates based on 8 months
performance window (December 2016 to July 2017) has been used for these four models.


◾   There are two key LGD models used for the Wholesale IRB exposures. Both the LGD models overestimate (conservative) on a PIT basis.


◾   Replacement models are being developed to comply with CRD IV requirements with the material portfolios submitted to the PRA over 2017 and 2018. Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to
address existing models’ deficiencies.

Retail SME


◾   A new set of CRD IV compliant models has been approved by the PRA and implemented in September 2017. However, the current backtesting report is based on the models which were in production as of
November 2016.


◾   The estimated PDs rank order the historical default experience for the UK SME book, i.e. higher PDs implying higher actual default rates.


◾   The estimated PDs and LGD are much higher (conservative) compared to the actual default rates and LGD. The actual PD is low due to the inclusion of immaterial and dormant customers in the
denominator. In addition, there was a temporary default identification issue during the reporting period, which has now been partially rectified. The LGD model is benchmarked to the Corporate LGD model.


Secured by Real Estate


◾   This covers mortgage portfolios for UK and Italy. Rank ordering is maintained across PD ranges.


◾   For UK Mortgages, a new set of CRD IV compliant models has been approved by the PRA and implemented in June 2017. However, the current backtesting report is based on the models which were in
production as of November 2016. The PD model is accurate, slightly conservative at an overall level (0.30% expected vs. 0.27% actual). The portfolio maintains low LGD and the model overestimates (1.94% estimated vs. 0.92% actual).


◾   For Italy Mortgages, both the PIT PD and LGD models underestimate (non-conservative) primarily due to a decrease in the House Price Index (HPI). The portfolio has observed significant decrease in
recovery as a result of general collateral evaluation driven by a depressed housing market. Additionally the market at origination, when appraisals of the collateral values were carried out, was significantly optimistic. A new set of CRD IV
compliant models is due for PRA submission by December 2018. Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to address existing models’ deficiencies.


Qualifying Revolving Retail


◾   This constitutes UK Cards, Germany Cards and UK Current Account portfolios. The estimated PDs rank order well across all 3 portfolios and at an overall level.


◾   For UK Cards, a slight underestimation is observed in the PD model driven by the high risk bands; 2.25% estimated vs. 2.32% actual at an overall level. The LGD model is slightly non-conservative
(71.2% estimated vs.73.4% actual). The existing CRD IV model suite has been re-calibrated to further improve its accuracy and submitted for PRA approval in May 2017.


◾   For Germany Cards, the PD estimates are accurate; 1.35% estimated vs. 1.37% actual at an overall level. The overestimation in the LGD model (84% estimated vs. 74% actual) is primarily driven by a
debt sale at a better price. A new set of CRD IV compliant models is currently under development and is due for regulatory submission by March 2019. Interim Post Model Adjustments (PMAs) are in place to address existing models’ deficiencies.


◾   For UK Current Accounts, PD model overestimates primarily due to a decrease in actual default rates over the last year (0.70% estimated vs. 0.49% actual). The LGD model is accurate (81.68%
estimated vs. 79.23% actual). A new CRD IV compliant model suite has been approved by the PRA in December 2017 and is currently under implementation.


Other Retail


◾   This covers the Barclays UK loan portfolio. The PD rank ordering holds for all the PD ranges.


◾   The PD model is marginally non-conservative at an overall level (3.34% estimated vs. 3.41% actual) due to quarterly calibration. The LGD (76.87% expected vs. 80.12% actual) model is also marginally
under-predicting at an overall level based on a comparison over the past one year.


◾   A new CRD IV compliant capital suite was submitted for PRA approval in December 2016.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 325


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk mitigation techniques

and counterparty credit risk


Counterparty credit risk arises from derivatives and similar contracts. This section details the specific aspects of the risk
framework related to this type of credit risk. As credit risk mitigation is one of the principal uses of derivative contracts by banks, this is also discussed in this section.
◾ On page 319 a high level description of the types of exposures incurred in the course of Barclays’ activity can be found. ◾ Mitigation techniques specific to counterparty credit risk are also discussed. ◾ A more general discussion of credit risk mitigation (covering traditional credit risks) is also included from page 327.


326 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk mitigation techniques

and counterparty credit risk


Credit risk mitigation


The Group employs a range of techniques and strategies to actively mitigate credit risks. These can broadly be divided into three types:


◾   netting and set-off


◾   collateral


◾   risk transfer

Detailed policies are in place to appropriately
recognise and record credit risk mitigation. The recognition of credit risk mitigation is subject to a number of considerations, including legal certainty of enforceability and effectiveness, that the valuation and liquidity of the collateral is
adequately monitored, and that the value of the collateral is not materially correlated with the credit quality of the counterparty.

All
three types of credit risk mitigation may be used by different areas of the Group for exposures with a full range of counterparties. For instance, businesses may take property, cash or other physical assets as collateral for exposures to retailers,
property companies or other client types.

Netting and set-off


In most jurisdictions in which the Group operates, credit risk exposures can be reduced by applying netting and set-off. In exposure terms, this
credit risk mitigation technique has the largest overall impact on net exposure to derivative transactions, compared with other risk mitigation techniques.

For derivative transactions, the Group’s normal practice is to enter into standard master agreements with counterparties (e.g. ISDAs). These master agreements typically allow for netting of credit risk exposure to a
counterparty resulting from derivative transactions against the obligations to the counterparty in the event of default, and so produce a lower net credit exposure. These agreements may also reduce settlement exposure (e.g. for foreign exchange
transactions) by allowing payments on the same day in the same currency to be set-off against one another.

Under IFRS, netting is
permitted only if both of the following criteria are satisfied:


◾   the entity currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts


◾   the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


Under US GAAP, netting is also permitted, regardless of a currently legally enforceable right of set-off and/or the intention to settle on a
net basis, where there is a counterparty master agreement that would be enforceable in the event of bankruptcy.


Collateral


The Group has the ability to call on collateral in the event of default of the counterparty, comprising:


◾   home loans: a fixed charge over residential property in the form of houses, flats and other dwellings. The value of collateral is impacted by property market conditions which drive demand
and therefore value of the property. Other regulatory interventions on ability to repossess, longer period to repossession and granting of forbearance may also affect the collateral value.


◾   wholesale lending: a fixed charge over commercial property and other physical assets, in various forms.


◾   other retail lending: includes charges over motor vehicle and other physical assets; second lien charges over residential property, which are subordinate to first charges held either by the
Group or by another party; and finance lease receivables, for which typically the Group retains legal title to the leased asset and has the right to repossess the asset on the default of the borrower.


◾   derivatives: the Group also often seeks to enter into a margin agreement (e.g. Credit Support Annex) with counterparties with which the Group has master netting agreements in place. These
annexes to master agreements provide a mechanism for further reducing credit risk, whereby collateral (margin) is posted on a regular basis (typically daily) to collateralise the mark to market exposure of a derivative portfolio measured on a net
basis. The Group may additionally negotiate the receipt of an independent amount further mitigating risk by collateralising potential mark to market exposure moves.


◾   reverse repurchase agreements: collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities which have been legally transferred to the Group subject to an agreement to return them for a fixed
price.


◾   financial guarantees and similar off-balance sheet commitments: cash collateral may be held against these arrangements.


For details of the fair value of collateral held, please refer to maximum exposure table on page 98.


In exposure terms, the main portfolios that the Group takes collateral for are home loans and reverse repurchase agreements with financial
institutions.


Floating charges over receivables


The Group may also obtain collateral in the form of floating charges over receivables and inventory of corporate and other business customers. The
value of this collateral varies from period to period depending on the level of receivables and inventory. It is impracticable to provide an estimate of the amount (fair value or nominal value) of this collateral. The Group may in some cases obtain
collateral and other enhancements at a counterparty level, which are not specific to a particular class of financial instrument. The fair value of the credit enhancement gained has been apportioned across the relevant asset classes.


Collateral for derivative contracts

The collateral obtained for derivatives is predominantly cash or government bonds (G7 and other highly rated governments).

Appropriate haircuts may be applied to non-cash collateral, which are agreed when the margin agreement (e.g. CSA) is negotiated.

Valuation of collateral and impact of market moves

Typically, assets other than cash are subject to regular
revaluation (for example via physical review, linking to an external index or depreciation of the asset), to continue to achieve appropriate mitigation of risk. Customer agreements often include requirements for provision of additional collateral,
should valuations decline or credit exposure increase, for example due to market moves impacting a derivative exposure.

The carrying
value of non-cash collateral reflects the fair value of the physical assets, limited to the carrying value of the asset where the exposure is over-collateralised. In certain cases, where active markets or recent valuations of the assets are not
available, estimates are used. For assets collateralised by residential or commercial property (and certain other physical assets), where it is not practicable to assess current market valuations of each underlying property, values reflect
historical fair values updated for movements in appropriate external indices. For further information on LTV ratios in principal home loans portfolios, see the Credit Risk review section on page 146.


Liens over fluctuating assets such as inventory and trade receivables, known as floating charges, over the assets of a borrower are monitored
annually. The valuation of this type of collateral takes into account the ability to establish objectively a price or market value, the frequency with which the value can be obtained (including a professional appraisal or valuation), and the
volatility or a proxy for the volatility of the value of the collateral.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 327


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk mitigation techniques

and counterparty credit risk


For assets collateralised by traded financial instruments, values reflect MTM or mark to model values
of those assets, applying a haircut where appropriate. A haircut is the valuation percentage applicable to each type of collateral and will be largely based on liquidity and price volatility of the underlying security.


Valuation of collateral – property

When property is taken as collateral, it is monitored to establish whether the current value is less than its value at origination. Monitoring is undertaken annually for commercial property or via linking to an external index for
residential property. More frequent monitoring may be carried out where the property sector is subject to significant deterioration.


Deterioration is monitored principally by geography. Specific exercises to monitor property values may be undertaken where the property sector in a
given geography has been subject to significant deterioration and where the Group has a material concentration of property collateral.


Monitoring may be undertaken either at a portfolio level (typically retail) or at an individual level (typically wholesale).


In retail businesses, monitoring on a portfolio level refers to a more frequent process of indexing collateral values on each individual loan, using
a regional or national index, and updating LGD values. This monitoring may be a desk top assessment and need not necessarily include physical assessment of properties. In the event of charge-off, an individual valuation of the property is undertaken
within three months of the charge-off event and subsequently undertaken at least every six months whilst in charge-off.

In wholesale,
monitoring is undertaken by individuals who are not part of the sales/ relationship part of the business. Where an appropriate local index is not available, property values are monitored on an individual basis as part of the annual review process
for the loan. For larger loans, in addition to the regular annual review, the property value is reviewed by an independent valuer at least once every three years. This review is a more detailed assessment than the standard property monitoring
review, and may include a fresh professional valuation. In addition, an independent valuer reviews the property valuation where information indicates that the value of the property may have declined materially relative to general market prices. In
addition, trigger points are defined under which property values must be reviewed.


Valuation of collateral – distressed assets


The net realisable value from a distressed sale of collateral obtained by the Group upon default or insolvency of counterparty will in some cases be
lower than the carrying value recognised. Assets obtained are normally sold, generally at auction, or realised in an orderly manner for the maximum benefit of the Group, the borrower’s other creditors and the borrower, in accordance with the
relevant insolvency regulations. For business customers, in some circumstances, where excess funds are available after repayment in full of the outstanding loan, they are offered to any other, lower ranked, secured lenders. Any additional funds are
returned to the borrower. The Group does not occupy repossessed properties for its business use or use assets obtained in its operations.


Additional revaluations are usually performed when a loan is moved to WL. Exceptions to this may be considered where it is clear a revaluation is
not necessary, for instance where there is a very high margin of security or a recent valuation has been undertaken. Conversely, a material reduction in the value of collateral held represents an increase in credit risk and will often cause a loan
to be placed on the WL.

Any one of the above events may also trigger a test for impairment, depending on individual circumstances of the
loan. When calculating impairment, the difference between an asset’s carrying amount and the present value of all estimated cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate will be recognised as impairment. Such cash flows include
the estimated fair value of the collateral, which reflects the results of the monitoring and review of collateral values as detailed above and valuations undertaken as part of the Group’s impairment process.


Whether property values are updated as part of the annual review process, or by indexation of collateral values, the updated collateral values feed
into the calculation of risk parameters which, in turn, feed into identified and unidentified impairment calculations at each balance sheet date.

Trends in LLRs incorporate the impact of any decrease in the fair value of collateral held.

Risk transfer


A range of instruments including guarantees, credit insurance, credit derivatives and securitisation can be used to transfer credit
risk from one counterparty to another. These mitigate credit risk in two main ways:


◾   if the risk is transferred to a counterparty which is more creditworthy than the original counterparty, then overall credit risk is reduced


◾   where recourse to the first counterparty remains, both counterparties must default before a loss materialises. This is less likely than the default of either counterparty individually so credit
risk is reduced.


Risk transfer can also be used to reduce risk concentrations within portfolios lowering the impact of
stress events.

Risk transfer transactions are undertaken with consideration to whether the collateral provider is correlated with the
exposure, the credit worthiness of the collateral provider and legal certainty of enforceability and effectiveness. Where credit risk mitigation is deemed to transfer credit risk, this exposure is appropriately recorded against the credit risk
mitigation provider.

In exposure terms, risk transfer is used most extensively as a credit risk mitigation technique for wholesale loans
and derivative financial instruments.

Off-balance sheet risk mitigation


The Group applies fundamentally the same risk management policies for off-balance sheet risks as it does for its on-balance sheet risks. In the case
of commitments to lend, counterparties/customers will be subject to the same credit management policies as for loans and advances. Collateral may be sought depending on the strength of the counterparty and the nature of the transaction.


Recognition of credit risk mitigation in capital calculations


Credit risk mitigation is used to reduce credit risk associated with an exposure, which may reduce potential losses in the event of obligor default
or other specified credit events.

Credit risk mitigation that meets certain regulatory criteria may be used to improve risk parameters
and reduce RWA consumption against a given obligor. Collateral that meets these regulatory conditions is referred to as eligible collateral. Eligibility criteria are specified in articles 195 to 204 of the Capital Regulations Requirement (CRR).


The Group’s policies and standards set out criteria for the recognition of collateral as eligible credit risk mitigation and are
designed to be fully consistent with all applicable local regulations and regulatory permissions.

Where regulatory capital is calculated
under AIRB regulations, the benefit of collateral is generally taken by adjusting LGDs. For standardised portfolios, the benefit of collateral is taken using the financial collateral comprehensive method: supervisory volatility adjustments approach.


For instruments that are deemed to transfer credit risk, in AIRB portfolios the protection is generally recognised by using the PD and
LGD of the protection provider.

For exposures treated under the standardised approach, the impact of eligible credit risk mitigation is
primarily recognised by reducing the EAD associated with the exposure that benefits from the mitigation.


328 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of credit risk mitigation techniques

and counterparty credit risk


Managing concentrations within credit risk mitigation


Credit risk mitigation taken by the Group to reduce credit risk may result in credit or market risk concentrations.


Guarantees that are treated as eligible credit risk mitigation are marked as an exposure against the guarantor and aggregated with other credit
exposure to the guarantor. Limit monitoring at the counterparty level is then used for monitoring of concentrations in line with Group policy.

Commercial real estate lending is another potential source of concentration risk arising from the use of credit risk mitigation. The portfolio is regularly reviewed to assess whether a concentration in a particular region, industry
or property type exists, and portfolio limits are in place to control the level of exposure to commercial, residential, investment and development activity. See pages 89 and 105 for more information on collateral, valuation and monitoring of
concentrations.

Counterparty credit risk

Derivative counterparty credit exposures

The Group enters into financial instruments that are traded or cleared
on an exchange, including interest rate swaps, futures and options on futures. Holders of exchange traded instruments provide daily margins with cash or other securities at the exchange, to which the holders look for ultimate settlement.


The Group also enters into financial instruments that are traded over the counter, rather than on a recognised exchange. These instruments range
from standardised transactions in derivative markets, to trades where the specific terms are tailored to the requirements of the Group’s counterparties. In most cases, industry standard documentation is used, most commonly in the form of a
master agreement, with individual transaction confirmations. The existence of a signed master agreement is intended to give the Group protection in situations where the Group’s counterparty is in default.


Counterparty credit exposure arises from the risk that parties are unable to meet their payment obligations under certain financial contracts such
as derivatives, securities financing transactions (e.g. repurchase agreements), or long settlement transactions.

A Monte Carlo
simulation engine is used to estimate the Potential Future Exposure (PFE) to derivative and securities financing counterparties. The exposure simulation model simulates future market states and the MTM of the derivative transactions under those
states. Simulated exposures including the effect of credit mitigants such as netting, collateral and mandatory break clauses can then be generated.


Credit limits for CCR are assessed and allocated using the PFE measure. A number of factors are taken
into account when setting credit limits for individual counterparties, including but not limited to the credit quality and nature of the counterparty, the rationale for the trading activity entered into and any wrong-way risk considerations.


The expected exposures generated by this engine are also used as an input into both internal and regulatory capital calculations
covering CCR.

‘Wrong-way risk’ in a trading exposure arises when there is significant correlation between the underlying asset
and the counterparty, which in the event of default would lead to a significant MTM loss to the counterparty. Specific wrong-way risk trades, which are self-referencing or reference to other entities within the same counterparty group, require
approval by a senior credit officer. The exposure to the counterparty will reflect the additional risk generated by these transactions.


Derivative CCR (credit value adjustments)

As the Group participates in derivative transactions it is exposed to CCR, which is the risk that a counterparty will fail to make the future payments agreed in the derivative contract. This is considered as a separate risk to the
volatility of the MTM payment flows. Modelling this counterparty risk is an important part of managing credit risk on derivative transactions.

The counterparty risk arising under derivative transactions is taken into account when reporting the fair value of derivative positions. The adjustment to the value is known as credit value adjustment (CVA). It is the difference
between the value of a derivative contract with a risk-free counterparty and that of a contract with the actual counterparty. This is equivalent to the cost of hedging the counterparty risk in the Credit Default Swap (CDS) market.


CVAs for derivative positions are calculated as a function of the expected exposure, which is the average of future hypothetical exposure values for
a single transaction or group of transactions with the same counterparty, the credit spread for a given horizon and the LGD.

The
expected exposure is calculated using Monte Carlo simulations of risk factors that may affect the valuation of the derivative transactions in order to simulate the exposure to the counterparty through time. These simulated exposures include the
effect of credit mitigants such as netting, collateral and mandatory break clauses. Counterparties with appropriate credit mitigants will generate a lower expected exposure profile compared to counterparties without credit mitigants in place for the
same derivative transactions.


Derivative netting and collateral arrangements


Credit risk from derivatives is mitigated where possible through netting agreements whereby derivative assets and liabilities with the same
counterparty can be offset. Group policy requires all netting arrangements to be legally documented. The ISDA Master Agreement is the Group’s preferred agreement for documenting OTC derivatives. It provides the contractual framework within
which dealing activities across a full range of OTC products are conducted, and contractually binds both parties to apply close-out netting across all outstanding transactions covered by an agreement if either party defaults or other predetermined
events occur. The majority of the Group’s OTC derivative exposures are covered by ISDA master netting and ISDA CSA collateral agreements.

Collateral is obtained against derivative assets, depending on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or nature of the transaction. Any collateral taken in respect of OTC trading exposures will be subject to a
‘haircut’, which is negotiated at the time of signing the collateral agreement. A haircut is the valuation percentage applicable to each type of collateral and will be largely based on liquidity and price volatility of the underlying
security. The collateral obtained for derivatives is predominantly either cash, direct debt obligation government (G14+) bonds denominated in the domestic currency of the issuing country, debt issued by supranationals or letters of credit issued by
an institution with a long-term unsecured debt rating of A+/A3 or better. Where the Group has ISDA master agreements, the collateral document will be the ISDA CSA. The collateral document must give Barclays the power to realise any collateral placed
with it in the event of the failure of the counterparty.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 329


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


This section describes the governance
structure specific to the management of market risks, as well as a discussion of measurement techniques.


◾   Market risks are varied, and a range of techniques must be used to manage them. From page 331 we provide an overview of the market risks we incur across the Group


◾   The governance structure specific to market risks is discussed on pages 331 to 332.


The rest of the section consists of traded and other risks:


◾   Market risk, the risk of the Group being impacted by changes in the level or volatility of positions in the trading book, is covered on pages 331 to 337. Measurement techniques such as VaR, are
discussed, as well as techniques applied when statistical techniques are not appropriate.


330 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Market risk The risk of loss arising from potential adverse changes in the value of the firm’s assets and liabilities from fluctuation
in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.


Overview

Market risk arises primarily as a result of client facilitation in wholesale markets, involving market making activities, risk management solutions and execution of syndications. Upon execution of a trade with a client, the Group
will look to hedge against the risk of the trade moving in an adverse direction. Mismatches between client transactions and hedges result in market risk due to changes in asset prices.


Organisation and structure

Market
risk in the businesses resides primarily in Barclays International and Group Treasury. These businesses have the mandate to incur market risk. Market risk oversight and challenge is provided by business Committees and Group Committees, including the
Market Risk Committee.

Roles and responsibilities


The objectives of market risk management are to:


◾   understand and control market risk by robust measurement, limit setting, reporting and oversight


◾   facilitate business growth within a controlled and transparent risk management framework


◾   control market risk in the businesses according to the allocated appetite


To meet the above objectives, a well established governance structure is in place to manage these
risks consistent with the ERMF. See pages 302 to 308 on risk management strategy, governance and risk culture.

The BRC recommends market
risk appetite to the Board for their approval. The Market Risk Principal Risk Lead (PR Lead) is responsible for the Market Risk Control Framework and, under delegated authority from the Group CRO, agrees with the Business CROs a limit framework
within the context of the approved market risk appetite.

The Market Risk Committee approves and makes recommendations concerning the
Group-wide market risk profile. This includes overseeing the operation of the Market Risk Framework and associated standards and policies; reviewing arising market or regulatory issues, limits and utilisation; and risk appetite levels to the Board.
The Committee is chaired by the PR Lead and attendees include the business heads of market risk, business aligned market risk managers and Internal Audit.

The head of each business is accountable for all market risks associated with its activities, while the head of the market risk team covering each business is responsible for implementing the risk control framework for market risk.


Risk management in the setting of strategy


Appetite for market risk is recommended by the risk function to BRC for agreement by the Board. Mandate and scales are set to control levels of
market risk and assist the Group remain within the BRC approved risk appetite. The Group runs an annual Group-wide stress testing exercise which aims to simulate the dynamics of exposures across the Group and cover all risk factors. The exercise is
also designed to measure the impact to the Group’s fundamental business plan, and is used to manage the wider Group’s strategy.


See page 308 for more detail on the role of risk in the setting of strategy.

Market risk culture


Market risk managers are independent from the businesses they cover, and their line management reports into the CRO. This embeds a risk culture with
strong adherence to limits that support Group-wide risk appetite.


See page 305 for more detail on risk culture.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 331


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Management of market risk, mitigation and hedging policies


The governance structure helps manage and understand all market risks that the Group is exposed to.


Traded market risk is generated primarily as a result of market making activities, syndications and providing risk management solutions to clients.
Group Treasury supports the businesses in managing their interest rate risk. Positions will contribute both to market risk limits and regulatory capital if relevant.


As part of the continuous monitoring of the risk profile, Market Risk meets with the businesses to discuss the risk profile on a regular basis. The
outcome of these reviews includes further detailed assessments of event risk via stress testing, risk mitigation and risk reduction.


Market risk measurement – management view

Market risk management measures


A range of complementary approaches to measure market risk are used which aim to
capture the level of losses that the bank is exposed to due to unfavourable changes in asset prices. The primary tools to control the firm’s exposures are:


Measure   Description
Management Value at Risk (VaR)   An estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, if the current positions were to be held unchanged for one
business day.
Primary stress tests   An estimate of potential losses that might arise from severe market moves or scenarios impacting key liquid market risk
exposures.
Secondary stress tests   Modelled losses from unfavourable market movements to illiquid market risk exposures.
Business scenario stresses   Multi asset scenario analysis of severe, but plausible events that may impact the market risk exposures of the investment
bank.

The use of Management VaR for traded market risk is broader than the application for use of VaR for regulatory
capital, and captures standardised, advanced and certain banking books where market risks are deemed to exist. The wider scope of Management VaR is what the Group deems as material market risk exposures which may have a detrimental impact on the
performance of the trading business. The scope used in Regulatory VaR (see page 334) is narrower as it applies only to trading book positions as approved by the PRA.


Stress testing and scenario analysis are also an important part of the risk management framework, to capture potential risk that may arise in severe
but plausible events.


Management VaR


◾   estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, over one day for a given confidence level


◾   differs from the Regulatory VaR used for capital purposes in scope, confidence level and horizon


◾   back testing is performed to test the model is fit for purpose.

VaR is
an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements if the current positions were to be held unchanged for one business day. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation methodology with a two-year
equally weighted historical period, at the 95% confidence level is used for all trading books and some banking books. Risk factors driving VaR are grouped into key risk types as summarised below:


Risk factor   Description
Interest rate   Changes in the level or shape of interest rate expectations that can impact prices of interest rate sensitive assets, such as bonds and
derivatives instruments, such as interest rate swaps.
Spread   Difference between bond yields and swaps rates that arises when a business has positions in both bonds and interest rate/ inflation
derivatives instruments. Both assets may trade at different levels but are fundamentally exposed to similar risk.
Foreign exchange   The impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and volatilities.
Equity   Risk due to changes in equity prices, volatilities and dividend yields, for example as part of market making activities, syndication or
underwriting of initial public offerings.
Commodity   Arises primarily from providing hedging solutions to clients and access to financial investors via financially-settled energy derivatives
exposed to changes in the level of energy spot or forward prices and their volatilities.
Inflation   Arises from the impact of changes in inflation rates and volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives. This arises as part of market
marking activities, whereby the Group may be exposed to changes in inflation rates, for example, market making syndications for inflation linked securities.
Traded credit   Arises from the uncertainty of credit quality impacting prices of assets, for example positions such as corporate bonds, securitised
products and credit based derivative instruments, including credit default swaps.


Risk factor   Description
Basis   The impact of changes in interest rate tenor basis (e.g. the basis between swaps vs 3M LIBOR and swaps vs 6M LIBOR) and cross-currency basis and is primarily generated
as a result of market making activities.

In some instances, historical data is not available for particular market risk factors for the entire look-back
period, for example, complete historical data would not be available for our equity security following an initial public offering. In these cases, market risk managers will proxy the unavailable market risk factor data with available data for a
related market risk factor.

The output of the Management VaR model can be readily tested through back testing. This checks instances
where actual losses exceed the predicted potential loss estimated by the VaR model. If the number of instances is higher than expected, where actual losses exceed the predicted potential loss estimated by the VaR model, this may indicate limitations
with the VaR calculation, for example, a risk factor that would not be adequately captured by the model.

The Management VaR model in
some instances may not appropriately measure some market risk exposures, especially for market moves that are not directly observable via prices. Market risk managers are required to identify risks which are not adequately captured in VaR
(‘risks not in VaR’ or ‘RNIVs’, discussed below).

When reviewing VaR estimates, the following considerations are
taken into account:


◾   the historical simulation uses the most recent two years of past data to generate possible future market moves, but the past may not be a good indicator of the future


◾   the one-day time horizon may not fully capture the market risk of positions that cannot be closed out or hedged within one day


◾   VaR is based on positions as at close of business and consequently, it is not an appropriate measure for intra-day risk arising from a position bought and sold on the same day


◾   VaR does not indicate the potential loss beyond the VaR confidence level.

Limits are applied at the total level as well as by risk factor type, which are then cascaded down to particular trading desks and businesses by the market risk management function.


332 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Primary stress tests


Primary stress tests are key tools used by management to measure liquid market risks from extreme market movements or scenarios in each major
trading asset class. Stress testing provides an estimate of potential significant future losses that might arise from extreme market moves or scenarios. Primary stress tests apply stress moves to key liquid risk factors for each of the major trading
asset classes, namely:


◾   interest rates: shock to the level and structure of interest rates and inflation across currencies


◾   credit: impact on traded corporate credit exposures and securities structures, including across rating grades, geography, sectors and products


◾   foreign exchange: impact of unfavourable moves in currency prices and volatility


◾   equity: shocks to share prices including exposures to specific markets and sectors


◾   commodities: adverse commodity price changes across both physical and derivative markets.


Primary stresses apply moves to liquid assets incorporating up to 10 days holding period. Shock scenarios are determined by a combination of
observed extreme historical moves and forward looking elements as appropriate.

Primary stresses are calculated for each asset class on a
standalone basis. Risk managers calculate several stress scenarios and communicate the results to senior managers to highlight concentrations and the level of exposures. Primary stress loss limits are applied across the trading businesses and is a
key market risk control.

Secondary stress tests


Secondary stress tests are key tools used by management to measure illiquid market risks from extreme market movements or scenarios in each major
trading asset class.

Secondary stress tests are used in measuring potential losses arising from market risks that are not captured in
the primary stress tests.

These may relate to financial instruments or risk exposures which are not readily or easily tradable or
markets that are naturally sensitive to a rapid deterioration in market conditions.

For each asset class, secondary stresses are
aggregated to a single stress loss which allows the business to manage its liquid and illiquid risk factors. Limits against secondary stress losses are also applied, which allows the firm to manage and control the level of illiquid risk factors.


Stresses are specific to the exposure held and are calibrated on both observed extreme moves and some forward-looking elements as
appropriate.


Business scenario stresses


Business scenario stresses are key tools used by management to measure aggregated losses across the entire trading book as a result of extreme
forward-looking scenarios encompassing simultaneous shocks to multiple asset classes.

Business scenario stresses apply simultaneous
shocks to all risk factors assessed by applying changes to foreign exchange rates, interest rates, credit spreads, commodities and equities to the entire portfolio, for example, the impact of a rapid and extreme slowdown in the global economy. The
measure shows results on a multi-asset basis across all trading exposures. Business scenarios are used for risk appetite monitoring purposes and are useful in identifying concentrations of exposures and highlighting areas that may provide some
diversification.

The estimated impacts on market risk exposures are calculated and reported by the market risk management function on a
frequent and regular basis. The stress scenario and the calibration on the shocks are also reviewed by market risk managers periodically for its relevance considering any market environment.


Scenarios focusing on adverse global recession, deterioration in the availability of liquidity, contagion effects of a slowdown in one of the major
economies, easing of global growth concerns, and a historical event scenario are examples of business scenarios. If necessary, market event-specific scenarios are also calculated, such as:


◾   a unilateral decision to exit the Eurozone by a member country


◾   the impact of a large financial institution collapse, or


◾   a disorderly exit of quantitative easing programmes, including unexpected rapid and continuous interest rate rises as a result.


Market risk measurement – regulatory view

Regulatory view of traded positions


For regulatory purposes, the trading book is defined as one that consists of
all positions in CRD financial instruments and commodities held either with trading intent, or in order to hedge other elements of trading, and which are either free of any restrictive covenants on their tradability, or able to be hedged. A CRD
financial instrument is defined as a contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one party and a financial liability or equity instrument of another party.


All of the below regulatory measures, including the standardised approach, generate market risk capital requirements, in line with the regulatory
requirements set out in the Capital Requirements Directive (‘CRD IV’) and Regulation. Positions which cannot be included in the trading book are included


within the banking book and generate risk capital requirements in line with this treatment.


Inclusion of exposures in the regulatory trading book


The Group maintains a Trading Book Policy, which defines the minimum requirements a business must meet to run trading positions and the process by
which positions are allocated to trading or banking books. Trading intent is a key element in deciding whether a position should be treated as a trading or banking book exposure.


Positions in the trading book are subject to market risk capital, computed using models where regulatory approval has been granted, otherwise the
market risk capital requirement is calculated using standard rules as defined in the Capital Requirement Regulation (CRR), part of the CRD IV package. If any of the criteria specified in the policy are not met for a position, then that position must
be allocated to the banking book.

Most of the Group’s market risk regulatory models are assigned the highest model materiality
rating. Consequently, the Regulatory VaR model is subject to annual re-approval by the Independent Validation Unit. The Independent Validation Unit makes an assessment of model assumptions and considers evidence of model suitability provided by the
model owner. The following table summarises the models used for market risk regulatory purposes and the applicable regulatory thresholds.

Valuation standards

CRR article 105 defines regulatory principles which need to be applied to fair value assets
and liabilities, in order to determine a prudent valuation.

The Prudent Valuation Adjustment (PVA) is applied to accounting fair values
where there are a range of plausible alternative valuations. It is calculated in accordance with Article 105 of the CRR, and includes (where relevant) adjustments for the following factors: unearned credit spreads, close-out costs, operational risk,
market price uncertainty, early termination, investing and funding costs, future administrative costs and model risk. The PVA includes adjustment for all fair valued financial instruments and commodities, irrespective of whether they are in the
trading or banking book.

The Finance-product control valuations function and the Valuation Committee are responsible for the oversight
of the PVA and meeting compliance with article 105 of the CRR.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 333


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Regulatory measures for Market risk


There are a number of regulatory measures which the Group has permission to use in calculating regulatory capital (internal models approval):


Measure   Definition
Regulatory Value at   An estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market
Risk (VaR)   movements calibrated to 99% confidence interval 10-day holding period.
Stressed Value at Risk   An estimate of the potential loss arising from a twelve-month period of
(SVaR)   significant financial stress calibrated to 99% confidence interval 10-day
holding period.
Incremental Risk   An estimate of the incremental risk arising from rating migrations and
Charge (IRC)   defaults, beyond what is already captured in specific market risk VaR
for the non-correlation trading portfolio. Uses a 99.9% confidence level
and a one-year horizon.
Comprehensive Risk   An estimate of all the material market risk, including rating migration
Measure (CRM)   and default for the correlation trading portfolio.

The legal entities for which the PRA has given permission to use internal models for market risk regulatory capital
are: BBPlc Trading and BCSL (consolidated), BBPlc Trading, BCSL and BBSA. The legal entity for which the FRBNY has given permission to use internal models is IHC.


Regulatory VaR


◾   Estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements.


◾   Regulatory VaR differs from the management approach in the following respects.


VaR Variable   Regulatory   Management
Confidence interval   99%   95%
Scope   As approved by the   Management view of market risk exposures.
regulator (PRA or   Includes trading books and banking books
FRBNY)   exposed to price risk
Look-back period   2 years   2 years
Liquidity Horizon   10 days   1 day
(holding period)


Regulatory VaR allows oversight of the total potential losses, at a given confidence level, of those
trading books which received approval from the regulator to be covered via an internal model. The Group uses a Regulatory VaR model that diversifies general and specific market risk for regulatory capital. Market risks are captured in the Regulatory
VaR model using either full revaluation or an approximate revaluation approach depending on the type of product. When simulating potential movements in risk factors, returns are modelled using a combination of absolute changes, proportional changes
or a blended mix of these two approaches.

Management VaR allows the bank to supervise the total market risk across the Group, including
all trading books and some banking books.

Management VaR is also utilised for the internal capital model (economic capital).


Regulatory VaR is fundamentally the same as the Management VaR (see page 332), with the key differences listed above.


The model is complemented with RNIVs, as described on page 337.


Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR)


◾   Estimates the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements in a stressed environment.


◾   Identical to Regulatory VaR, but calibrated over a one-year stressed period.


◾   Regulatory capital is allocated to individual businesses. For regulatory capital calculation purposes the Group computes a market risk capital requirement based on a one-day scaled to ten-day, 99%
VaR metric calibrated to a period of significant financial stress. This SVaR capital requirement is added to the market risk capital requirement arising from regulatory VaR, the Incremental Risk Charge and the All Price Risk on an undiversified
basis.

The SVaR model must be identical to the VaR model used by the Group, with the exception that the SVaR model must be
calibrated to a one-year period of significant financial stress (‘the SVaR period’). The Group selects the SVaR period to be a one-year period that maximises the sum of general market risk Regulatory VaR and specific market risk Regulatory
VaR for positions in scope of regulatory approval. The SVaR period is reviewed on a monthly basis or when required by material changes in market conditions or the trading portfolio.


SVaR cannot be meaningfully backtested as it is not sensitive to current market conditions. Many
market risk factors with complete historical data over a two-year period may not have complete data covering the SVaR period and consequently, more proxies may be required for SVaR than for VaR. The SVaR metric itself has the same strengths and
weaknesses as the Group’s VaR model.

Incremental Risk Charge (IRC)


◾   Captures risk arising from rating migrations and defaults for traded debt instruments incremental to that already captured by Regulatory VaR and SVaR.


IRC captures the risk arising from ratings migrations or defaults in the traded credit portfolio. IRC measures this risk at a 99.9% confidence level
with a one-year holding period and applies to all positions in scope for specific risk including sovereign exposure.

The Group’s
IRC model simulates default and ratings transition events for individual names. The behaviour of names is correlated with one another to simulate a systemic factor to model the possibility of multiple downgrades or defaults. The correlations between
non-sovereign names are based on the Basel-defined correlations stipulated in the IRB approach to measuring credit risk capital, with a fixed correlation between sovereign names.


The Group’s IRC model simulates the impact of a ratings transition by estimating the improvement or deterioration in credit spreads resulting
from the transition and assumes that the historically observed average change in credit spreads (measured in relative terms) resulting from ratings transitions provides an accurate estimate of likely widening or tightening of credit spreads in
future transitions. For each position, the model computes the impact of spread moves up or down at pre-specified relative movements, and the actual impact is obtained by interpolating or extrapolating the actual spread move from these pre-computed
values.

The Group’s IRC model assumes that ratings transitions, defaults and any spread increases occur on an instantaneous basis.


Comprehensive Risk Measure (CRM)


◾   Captures all market risks affecting the correlation trading portfolio.


CRM covers the correlation trading portfolio and is intended to adequately capture all risk factors relevant to corporate Nth-to-default (on a
basket of referenced names) and tranched credit derivatives. The capital requirement is based on a 99.9% confidence interval over a one-year holding period. The model generates a scenario based on a Monte Carlo simulation and revalues the portfolio
under the simulated market scenario.


334 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Table 95: Market risk models selected features
Component modelled   Number of significant models and size of associated
portfolio (RWAs)   Model description and methodology   Applicable regulatory thresholds
Regulatory VaR   1 model;   Equally-weighted historical simulation of   Regulatory VaR is computed with ten-day
£2.8bn   potential daily P&L arising from market moves   holding period and 99% confidence level
SVaR   1 model;   Same methodology as used for VaR model,   Regulatory SVaR is computed with ten-day
£6.8bn   but using a different time series   holding period and 99% confidence level
IRC   1 model;   Monte Carlo simulation of P&L arising from   IRC is computed with one-year holding period
£3.0bn   ratings migrations and defaults   and 99.9% confidence level
CRM   1 model;   Same approach as IRC, but it incorporates   CRM is computed with one-year holding
£0.0bn   market-driven movements in spreads and   period and 99.9% confidence level.
correlations for application to correlation   As required in CRD IV, the CRM charge is
trading portfolios.   subject to a floor set with reference to
standard rules charge


The model captures the following
risk factors in the correlation trading portfolio:


◾   default and ratings migration over a one-year time horizon


◾   credit spread volatility


◾   recovery risk: uncertainty of the recoverable value under default


◾   correlation risk


◾   basis risk: basis between credit indices and its underlying constituents


◾   hedge slippage: portfolio rebalancing assumption.

The Group’s CRM
model is based on the IRC model but also captures market risks not related to transition or default events, such as movements in credit spreads or correlations. These risk factors are included as part of the Monte Carlo simulation using
distributions calibrated to historically observed moves. The Group’s CRM model assumes that ratings transitions, defaults and any spread increases occur on an instantaneous basis. The Group applies stress tests to the modelling parameters based
on combinations of changes in credit spreads, correlations and default events.

Regulatory back testing


Back testing is the method by which the Group checks and affirms that its procedures for estimating VaR are reasonable and serve its purpose of
estimating the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements. The back testing process is a regulatory requirement and seeks to estimate the performance of the regulatory VaR model. Performance is measured by the number of exceptions to
the model i.e. net trading P&L loss in one trading day is greater than the estimated VaR for the same trading day. The Group’s procedures could be underestimating VaR if exceptions occur more frequently than expected (a 99% confidence
interval indicates that one exception is expected to occur in 100 days).


Back testing is performed at a legal entity level, sub-portfolio levels and business-aligned
portfolios (shown in the table below and in the charts on the next page) on the Group’s regulatory VaR model. Regulatory back testing compares Regulatory VaR at 99% confidence level (one-day holding period equivalent) to actual and hypothetical
changes in portfolio value as defined in CRR Article 366. The consolidated Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Capital Securities Ltd is the highest level of consolidation for the VaR models that are used in the calculation of regulatory capital.


A back testing exception is generated when a loss is greater than the daily VaR for any given day.


As defined by the PRA, a green status is consistent with a good working VaR model and is achieved for models that have four or fewer back testing
exceptions in a 12-month period. Back testing counts the number of


days when a loss exceeds the corresponding VaR estimate, measured at the 99% regulatory confidence
level. For the Investment Bank’s regulatory DVaR model at the consolidated legal entity level, green model status was maintained for 2017.

Back testing is also performed on management VaR to assess it remains reasonable and fit for purpose.

The table below
shows the VaR back testing exceptions on legal entities aligned to the Group’s business as at 31 December 2017. Model performance at a legal entity level determines regulatory capital within those entities. Legal entity disclosure also
reflects the management perspective as Barclays moves forward with structural change, where VaR and model performance of VaR for a legal entity across asset class becomes more relevant than asset class metrics across legal entity.


Actual P&L   Hypo P&L
Legal entity   Total Exceptions   Status b   Total Exceptions   Status b
BBPlc Trading and BCSL   –   G   3   G
BBPlc Trading   –   G   3   G
BCSL   5   A   3   G
BBSA a   –   G   –   G
IHC   –   G   2   G

Notes


a   BCI back testing has been replaced by IHC back testing from 1 July 2016 (both are included below for their respective periods). Please note that IHC back testing is performed for hypo P&L
only as per US regulatory requirements.


b   RAG status is accurate as of year-end.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 335


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


The charts below show VaR for the Group’s regulatory portfolios aligned by legal entity. The
dark blue and grey points on the charts indicate losses on the small number of days on which actual and hypo P&L respectively exceeded the VaR amount.

In addition to being driven by market moves in excess of the 99% confidence level, back testing exceptions can be caused by risks that impact P&L not captured directly in the VaR


itself but separately captured as non VaR-type, namely Risks Not in VaR (RNIVs).


Exceptions are reported to internal management and regulators on a regular basis and investigated to check the model performs as expected. Overall
back testing for the consolidated legal entity remains in the green zone, suggesting that the VaR remains fit for purpose.


336 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of market risk


Management of risks not fully captured in models, including Risks not in VaR (RNIVs)


The Group’s risk identification process captures risks that either have been observed to, or have the capacity to, produce
material losses in normal and stressed market conditions. To enforce risk coverage, the range of core risks is identified following either market convention, regulatory guidance, or the specific historical experience of the Group and is considered
as part of the new product processes.

In some instances, the Management and Regulatory VaR model may not appropriately measure some
market risks, especially where market moves are not directly observable via prices, the Group has policies to enforce add-ons are applied where risks are not captured by the model. RNIVs refer to those core risks that are not captured, or not
adequately captured, in VaR and SVaR. RNIVs can include:


◾   risks not fully captured elsewhere and/or illiquid risk factors such as cross-risks;


◾   basis risks;


◾   higher-order risks;


◾   calibration parameters, for instance to model parameter uncertainty; and


◾   potential losses in excess of fair valuation adjustments taken in line with the Valuation Control Framework. Please see note 18 on page 216 ‘Fair value of assets and liabilities’ for more
details on fair value adjustments.

The treatment of RNIVs follows whether the risks are considered VaR type or non-VaR
type, which depends on, and can change with, the evolving state of financial markets:


◾   VaR-type RNIVs: : Typically represent risks that are not well captured in VaR, mainly because of infrastructure limitations or methodology limitations. In this instance two metrics are
calculated, a VaR RNIV and a SVaR RNIV, using the same confidence level, capital horizon and observation period as VaR and SVaR respectively and are capitalised using the same multipliers as VaR and SVaR


◾   Non VaR-type RNIVs: Typically represent risks which would not be well captured by any VaR model either because it represents an event not historically observed in the VaR time series (e.g.,
currency peg break) or a market risk factor which is not seen to move frequently (e.g. correlation). These are typically estimated using stress scenarios. The stress methodology is calibrated equivalently to at least 99% confidence level and a
capital horizon of at least 10 days over an appropriate observation period, depending on the liquidity of the risk. For the purpose of regulatory capital, the capital charge is equal to the loss arising from the stress test except when these risks
are already adequately captured elsewhere e.g. via the IRC or CRM models, which are intended to capture certain risks not adequately covered by VaR


For regulatory capital these RNIVs are aggregated without any offsetting or diversification benefit.


Market risk control

The metrics that are used to measure market risk are controlled through the implementation of appropriate limit frameworks. Limits are set at the total Group level, asset class level, for example, interest rate risk, and at business
level, for example, rates trading. Stress limits and many book limits, such as foreign exchange and interest rate sensitivity limits, are also used to control risk appetite.


Firm-wide limits are reported to the BRC and are termed A-level limits for total management VaR, asset class VaR, primary stress and secondary
stresses and business scenarios. These are then cascaded down by risk managers in order to meet the firm-wide risk appetite.

Each
A-level limit is set after consideration is given to revenue generation opportunities and overall risk appetite approved by the Board. Compliance with limits is monitored by the independent risk functions in the trading businesses with oversight
provided by Group Market Risk.

Throughout 2017, Group Market Risk continued its ongoing programme of control testing and conformance
testing on the trading businesses’ market risk management practices. These reviews are intended to verify the business’s conformance with the Market Risk Control Framework and best practices.


Market risk reporting


Trading businesses market risk managers produce a number of detailed and summary market risk reports daily, weekly, fortnightly and monthly for
business and risk managers. Where relevant on a Group-wide basis, these are sent to Group Market Risk for review and a risk summary is presented at the Group Market Risk Committee and the trading businesses’ various market risk committees. The
overall market risk profile is also presented to BRC on a regular basis.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 337


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of securitisation exposures


Securitisations give rise to credit, market
and other risks. This section discusses the types of business activities and exposures that we incur in the course of activities related to securitisations.


◾   The objectives pursued in securitisation activities and the types of activities undertaken are discussed on page 339.


◾   A description of the risks incurred in the course of securitisation activities, and how we manage them, is contained on page 340 and 341.


338 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of securitisation exposures


This section discloses information about the Group’s securitisation activities distinguishing
between the various functions performed in supporting its customers and managing its risks. It includes traditional securitisations as well as synthetic transactions effected through the use of derivatives or guarantees.


A
 securitisation is defined as a transaction or scheme where the payments are dependent upon
the performance of a single exposure or pool of exposures and where the subordination of tranches determines the distribution of losses during the ongoing life of the transaction or scheme. Such transactions are ordinarily undertaken to transfer
risk for the Group or on behalf of a client.

Certain transactions undertaken by the Group are not disclosed in the quantitative section

as they do not fall under the regulatory securitisation framework

(defined under
Part Three, Title II, Chapter 5 of the CRR, part of the CRD IV package). These include funding transactions for the purposes of generating term liquidity, and certain government guaranteed transactions.


Objectives of securitisation activities

In the course of its business, the Group has undertaken securitisations of its own originated assets as well as the securitisation of third party assets via special purpose vehicles, sponsored conduit vehicles and shelf programmes.


The Group has securitised its own originated assets in order to manage the Group’s credit risk position and to generate term
funding for the Group balance sheet. The Group also participates in primary securitisations and distributes bonds to the market to facilitate term liquidity for its clients.


The Group also purchases asset backed loans and securities for the purpose of supporting client franchise, and purchases asset backed securities
(ABS) for the purpose of investing its liquidity pool.

Further, the Group makes a secondary market for a range of securitised products
globally, including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) and ABS.


The role and involvement of the Group in securitisations in 2017


The Group adopts the following roles in the securitisation processes in which it is involved:


Originator of assets prior to securitisation

The Group originates or purchases commercial mortgage loans for the purpose of securitisation. The securities are then sold to investors through a broker-dealer subsidiary.


The Group securitises assets otherwise originated in the ordinary course of business including corporate loans, consumer loans and commercial
mortgage loans. The Group also provides derivative transactions to securitisations sponsored by itself and third parties. These transactions carry counterparty credit risk and are included in the Group trading book.


Providing warehousing facilities collateralised by third party assets prior to securitisation or exit via whole-loan sale


The Group provides warehouse financing to third party loan originators, including for agency eligible loans that can be securitised by the Federal
National Mortgage Association (‘Fannie Mae’), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (‘Freddie Mac’), or the Government National Mortgage Association (‘Ginnie Mae’) and for corporate loans that can be securitised
via collateralised loan obligations (CLO).

Executor of securitisation trades including bond marketing and syndication


The Group transacts primarily as a principal in RMBS, ABS, CLO and CMBS with institutional investors and other broker-dealers.
Agency backed residential and commercial mortgage securitisations include Credit Risk Transfer securities (Fannie Mae-sponsored CAS and Freddie Mac-sponsored STACR bonds). ABS securitisations include consumer ABS (e.g. credit card, student loan and
auto) and non-traditional ABS (e.g. timeshares, wireless towers and whole business securitisations). Non-agency commercial mortgage securitisations include CMBS and commercial real estate collateralised loan obligations (CRE CLO). The Group makes
secondary market in CLOs and acts as arranger on behalf of clients to structure and place arbitrage CLOs.

Purchaser of third party
securitisations to support client franchise

The Group may purchase third party securitisations. The Group also funds on its own
balance sheet securitisations similar to the ones funded via its sponsored conduits (see below). In such transactions the Group would not be defined as an originator or sponsor for regulatory purposes.


Sponsoring conduit vehicles


The Group acts as managing agent and administrative agent of two multi-seller asset backed commercial paper (ABCP) conduits,


Sheffield Receivables Company, LLC (Sheffield) and Salisbury Receivables Company, LLC (Salisbury), through which interests in securitisations of
third party originated assets are funded via a variety of funding mechanics including the issuance of ABCP.

From a regulatory
perspective, Barclays acts as a sponsor of Sheffield and Salisbury. In relation to such conduit activity, the Group provides all or a portion of the backstop liquidity to the commercial paper, programme-wide credit enhancement and, as appropriate,
interest rate and foreign currency hedging facilities. The Group receives fees for the provision of these services.

Sheffield and
Salisbury hold securities classified as available for sale, measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised through other comprehensive income (OCI) and non-securities classified as loans and receivables, measured at amortised cost on
its standalone financial statements. It funds the assets through the issuance of ABCP. Note that Sheffield and Salisbury are consolidated for accounting but not regulatory purposes.


Funding transactions to generate term liquidity

Secured funding forms one of the key components of the Group’s diversified funding sources providing access to the secured wholesale market and complementing the diversification of funding by maturity, currency and geography.
The Group issues ABS and covered bonds secured primarily by customer loans and advances.

The Group currently manages four key,
on-balance sheet asset backed funding programmes to obtain term financing for mortgage loans and credit card receivables. These programmes also support retained issuances for the Group to access central bank liquidity and funding. The UK regulated
covered bond and the residential mortgage master trust securitisation programmes both utilise assets originated by the Group’s UK residential mortgage business. The third programme is a credit card master trust securitisation and uses
receivables from the Group’s UK credit card business. The fourth programme is a SEC registered securitisation programme backed by US domiciled credit card receivables.


Risk transfer transactions


The Group has entered into synthetic and cash securitisations of corporate and commercial loans (originated in the ordinary course of business) for
the purposes of the transfer of credit risk to third party investors. The regulatory capital requirements of these transactions fall under CRD IV.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 339


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of securitisation exposures


Securitisation risks, monitoring and hedging policies


Capital requirements against securitisation exposures are subject to a separate framework under CRD IV (see CRR article 449) to account for the
particular characteristics of this asset class. For risk management purposes, however, a securitisation is aligned to the risk type to which it gives rise.

Credit risks

In a securitisation structure, the payments are dependent upon the performance of a single exposure
or pool of exposures. As these underlying exposures are usually credit instruments, the performance of the securitisation is exposed to credit risk.

Securitisation exposures are subject to the Group Credit Risk policies and standards and business level procedures. This includes the requirement to review in detail each transaction at a minimum on an annual basis. As collateral
risk is the primary driver the analysis places a particular focus on the underlying collateral performance, key risk drivers, servicer due diligence and cash flows, and the impact of these risks on the securitisation notes. The risk is addressed
through the transaction structure and by setting an appropriate modelled tolerance level. Structural features incorporate wind-down triggers set against factors including, but not limited to, defaults/ charge-offs, delinquencies, excess spread,
dilution, payment rates and yield, all of which help to mitigate potential credit deterioration. Qualitative aspects such as counterparty risk and ancillary issues (operational and legal risk) are also considered. Changes to the credit risk profile
of securitisation exposures will also be identified through ongoing transaction performance monitoring. In addition, periodic stress tests of the portfolio as part of ongoing risk management are conducted as well as in response to Group-wide or
regulatory requests.

The principal committee responsible for the monitoring of the credit risk arising from securitisations is Wholesale
Credit Risk Management Committee (WCRMC). Executive responsibility rests with the Regional Heads of Financial Institutions Credit Risk.


Market and liquidity risks


Market risk for securitised products is measured, controlled and limited through a suite of VaR, non-VAR and stress metrics in accordance with the
Group’s Market Risk Policies and Procedures. The key risks of securitisation structures are interest rate, credit, spread, prepayment and liquidity risk. Interest rate and spread risk are hedged with standard liquid interest rate instruments
(including interest rate swaps, US Treasuries and US Treasury futures). The universe of hedging instruments for credit and prepayment risk is limited and relatively illiquid, resulting in basis risks. In providing warehouse financing, the Group is
exposed to mark to market (if counterparty defaults on related margin call).

Hedging


Securitisation and re-securitisation exposures benefit from the relative seniority of the exposure in the capital structure. Due to lack of
availability in the credit default swap market for individual asset backed securities, there are no material CDS hedge counterparties relating to the securitisation and re-securitisation population.


Operational risks


Operational risks are incurred in all of the Group’s operations. In particular, all securitised (and re-securitised) assets are subject to a
degree of risk associated with documentation and the collection of cash flows.

In providing warehouse financing, the Group incurs
potential contingent operational risks related to representations and warranties should there be a need to foreclose on the line and it later be discovered that the underlying loans were not underwritten to agency agreed criteria. Such risks are
mitigated by daily collateral margining and ready agency bids. Market risk is also mitigated by employing forward trades.

The
Operational Risk Review Forum oversees the management of operational risks for the entire range of the Group’s activities.

Rating
methodologies, ECAIs and RWA calculations

RWAs reported for securitised and re-securitised banking book and trading book assets at
31 December 2017 are calculated in line with CRR and UK PRA rules and guidance. The Group has approval to use, and therefore applies, the internal ratings based approach for the calculation of RWAs where appropriate, and the Standardised
Approach elsewhere.


The Group employs eligible ratings issued by nominated External Credit Assessment Institutions
(ECAIs) to risk weight its securitisation and re- securitisation exposure where their use is permitted. Ratings are considered eligible for use based on their conformance with the internal rating standard which is compliant with both CRR and
European Credit Rating Agency regulation. The ECAIs nominated by the Group for this purpose are Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, Fitch, DBRS and Kroll.


As required by CRR, the Group uses credit ratings issued by these ECAIs consistently for all exposures within the securitisation exposure class. For
that reason, there is no systematic assignment of particular agencies to types of transactions within the securitisation exposure class.


For Sheffield and Salisbury, the Internal

Assessment Approach (IAA) framework mirrors the ECAI methodology, which also includes Moody’s and Fitch, who rate the

Sheffield and Salisbury programmes. Under the IAA framework, the securitisation exposure must be internally rated, and the bank’s internal assessment process must meet certain requirements in order to map its own internal
rating to an ECAI. Cash flow stress analysis on a securitisation structure is performed as prescribed by an ECAI methodology for the relevant ratings level, and is at least as conservative as the published methodology. Stress factors may include,
among other factors, asset yields, principal payment rates, losses, delinquency rates and interest rates.

In determining an internal
rating, collateral risks are the primary driver and are addressed through the transaction structure and modelled statistical confidence. The analysis reflects the Group’s view on the transaction, including dilution risk, concentration and tenor
limits, as well as qualitative aspects such as counterparty risk and important ancillary issues (operational and legal risks). The adequacy and integrity of the servicer’s systems and processes for underwriting, collections policies and
procedures are also reviewed. The Group conducts a full due diligence review of the servicer for each transaction. Each transaction is reviewed on, at least, an annual basis with a focus on the performance of underlying assets. The results of any
due diligence review and the financial strength of the seller/servicer, are also factored into the analysis. Ratings of the transaction are reaffirmed with the most up to date ECAI methodologies. Any transaction which deviates from the current
methodology is amended accordingly.


340 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of securitisation exposures


Summary of the accounting policies for securitisation activities


Certain Group-sponsored entities have issued debt securities or have entered into funding arrangements with lenders in order to finance specific
assets. An entity is consolidated by the Group when the Group has control over the entity. The Group controls an entity if it has all of the three elements of control which are i) power over the entity; and ii) exposure, or rights, to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity; iii) the ability to use its power over the entity to affect the amount of the Group returns.

The consolidation treatment must be initially assessed at inception and is reassessed if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control.


Typically, assets that are awaiting securitisation on the Group balance sheet are measured at fair value through P&L, using the appropriate
method for the asset class as they are classified as held for trading or are designed at fair value through profit and loss, under the IAS 39 fair value option. However some non-derivative assets held prior to securitisation may qualify as loans and
receivables and are measured at amortised cost. When securitised assets have been included on the Group balance sheet it is necessary to consider whether those assets may be removed from the Group balance sheet. Assets which have been transferred to
third parties (i.e. an unconsolidated Group entity), will remain on the Group balance sheet, and treated as financings, unless the following criteria apply:


◾   substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the assets have been transferred, in which case, they are derecognised in full


◾   if a significant portion, but not all, of the risks and rewards have been transferred, the asset is derecognised entirely if the transferee has the ability to sell the financial asset, otherwise
the asset continues to be recognised only to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement.


Any financial support or contractual arrangements provided to unconsolidated entities, over
securitised assets, would be recognised as a liability on balance sheet if it met the relevant IFRS criteria, or gave rise to a provision under IAS 37, and have to be disclosed (see Note 39 on page 265). Note, however, that the Group has a


Significant Risk Transfer policy that does not allow for any support to be provided to any transactions that fall under the
securitisation framework.

Assets may be transferred to a third party through a legal sale or an arrangement that meets the ‘pass
through’ criteria where the substance of the arrangement is principally that the Group is acting solely as a cash collection agent on behalf of the eventual recipients.


Where the transfer applies to a fully proportionate share of all or specifically identified cash flows, the relevant accounting treatment is applied
to that proportion of the asset.

When the above criteria support the case that the securitisation should not be accounted for as
financing, the transaction will result in sale treatment or partial continued recognition of the assets to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in those assets. Gains are recognised to the extent that proceeds that can be measured
using observable market data exceed the assets derecognised.

Any retained interests, which will consist of loans and/or securities
depending on the nature of the transaction, are valued in accordance with the Group’s Accounting Policies, as set out in the 2017 Annual Report. To the extent that these interests are measured at fair value, they will be included within the
fair value disclosures in the financial statements in the Annual Report. As outlined in these disclosures, key valuation assumptions for retained interests of this nature will include spreads to discount rates, default and recovery rates and
prepayment rates that may be observable or unobservable.

In a synthetic securitisation transaction, the underlying assets are not sold
into the relevant special purpose entity (SPE). Instead, their performance is transferred into the vehicle through a synthetic instrument such as a CDS, a credit linked note or a financial guarantee. The accounting policies outlined above will apply
to synthetic securitisations.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 341


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


This section provides an analysis of the
management of liquidity, capital and interest rate risk in the banking book risk.


◾   Liquidity risk, with a focus on how it is managed to maintain adequate resources at all times including under stress, is discussed on pages 343 to 345.


◾   Capital risk, including how the risk of insufficient capital and leverage ratios and pension risk are managed, is discussed on pages 346 to 347.


◾   The management of Interest rate risk in the banking book is discussed on pages 348 to 349.


342 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Treasury and capital risk


◾   Liquidity risk: The risk that the firm is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and
liquidity to support its assets


◾   Capital risk: The risk that the firm has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under
normal operating environments or stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory testing purposes). This includes the risk from the firm’s pension plans


◾   Interest rate risk in the banking book: The risk that the firm is exposed to capital or income volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets
and liabilities.


Overview


Barclays Treasury manages treasury and capital risk on a day-to-day basis with the Treasury Committee acting as the principal management body. To
enforce effective oversight and segregation of duties and in line with the ERMF, the Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for oversight of key capital, liquidity, interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) and pension risk
management activities. The following describes the structure and governance associated with the risk types within the Treasury and Capital Risk function.

Liquidity risk management

Overview


The efficient management of liquidity is essential to the Group in retaining the confidence of the financial markets and maintaining that the
business is sustainable. There is a control framework in place for managing liquidity risk and this is designed to meet the following objectives:


◾   To maintain liquidity resources that are sufficient in amount and quality and a funding profile that is appropriate to meet the liquidity risk appetite as expressed by the Board


◾   To maintain market confidence in the Group’s name.

This is
achieved via a combination of policy formation, review and governance, analysis, stress testing, limit setting and monitoring. Together, these meet internal and regulatory requirements.


Roles and responsibilities

The
Treasury and Capital Risk function is responsible for the management and governance of the liquidity risk mandate defined by the Board and the production of ILAAPs. Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing liquidity risk within the set
risk appetite. The CRO for treasury and capital risk reports to the Group CRO.


Organisation and structure


Liquidity risk management


A control framework is in place for Liquidity Risk under which the Treasury function operates. The control framework describes liquidity risk
management processes, associated policies and controls that the Group has implemented to manage liquidity risk within the Liquidity Risk Appetite (LRA) and is subject to annual review. Internal architecture is in place to record and measure our
group wide liquidity metrics reporting

The Board sets the LRA based on the internal liquidity risk model and external regulatory
requirements namely the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The LRA is represented as the level of risk the Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations. The approved LRA is implemented in line
with the control framework and policy for liquidity risk.


Control framework


Barclays comprehensive control framework for managing the Group’s liquidity risk is designed to deliver the appropriate term and structure of
funding consistent with the LRA set by the Board.

The control framework incorporates a range of ongoing business management tools to
monitor, limit and stress test the Group’s balance sheet and contingent liabilities and the Recovery Plan. Limit setting and transfer pricing are tools that are designed to control the level of liquidity risk taken and drive the appropriate mix
of funds. Together, these tools reduce the likelihood that a liquidity stress event could lead to an inability to meet the Group’s obligations as they fall due. The control framework is subject to internal conformance testing and internal audit
review

The liquidity stress tests assess the potential contractual and contingent stress outflows under a range of scenarios, which are
then used to determine the size of the liquidity pool that is immediately available to meet anticipated outflows if a stress occurs.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 343


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


The Group maintains a range of management actions for use in a liquidity stress, these are documented
in the Group Recovery Plan. Since the precise nature of any stress event cannot be known in advance, the actions are designed to be flexible to the nature and severity of the stress event and provide a menu of options that can be drawn upon as
required. The Barclays Group Recovery Plan also contains more severe recovery options to generate additional liquidity in order to facilitate recovery in a severe stress. Any stress event would be regularly monitored and reviewed using key
management information by key Treasury, Risk and business representatives.

Risk Appetite and planning


Barclays has established an LRA over Group stress tests to represent the level of liquidity risk the Group chooses to take in pursuit of its
business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations.

The key expression of the liquidity risk is through stress tests. It is
measured with reference to the liquidity pool compared to anticipated net stressed outflows for each of five stress scenarios. Barclays has defined both internal short term and long term LRA stress test metrics.


The LRA for internal stress tests is approved by the Board. The LRA is reviewed on a continuous basis and is subject to formal review at least
annually as part of the Individual Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP).


Statement of Liquidity Risk Appetite: For 2017, the Board has approved that the Group will maintain an amount of
available liquidity resources to meet modelled and prescribed regulatory liquidity stress outflows over a period of time (minimum buffer duration):


◾   30 days in a Barclays specific stress


◾   90 days in a market wide stress


◾   30 days in a combined stress


◾   Long term LRA 80% LCR (Pillar 2)


◾   LCR 30 days minimum ratio 100% (Pillar 1 basis) and 90% (Pillar 2 basis)


The stress outflows are used to determine the size of the Group Liquidity Pool, which represents
those resources immediately available to meet outflows in a stress. In addition to the liquidity pool, the control framework and policy provides for other management actions, including generating liquidity from other liquid assets on the
Group’s balance sheet in order to meet additional stress outflows, or to preserve or restore the Liquidity Pool in the event of a liquidity stress.


344 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Liquidity limits


Barclays manages limits on a variety of on and off-balance sheet exposures, a sample of which is shown in the table below. These limits serve to
control the overall extent and composition of liquidity risk taken by managing exposure to the cash outflows.


Early warning indicators


Barclays monitors a range of market indicators for early signs of liquidity risk either in the market or specific to Barclays, a sample of which are
shown in the table below. These are


designed to immediately identify the emergence of increased liquidity risk to maximise the time
available to execute appropriate mitigating actions. Early warning indicators are used as part of the assessment


of whether to invoke the Group Recovery Plan, which provides a framework for how the liquidity stress
would be managed.


Recovery & resolution planning


Barclays maintains a Group Recovery Plan (GRP) which is designed to provide a framework to effectively manage a severe financial stress. The GRP is
proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of the business and is tested to assess that it is operationally robust. The GRP details the escalation and invocation process for the plan, including integration with i) BAU monitoring of capital
and liquidity Early Warning


Indicators (EWI) to detect signs of approaching financial stress, ii) existing processes within
Barclays Treasury and Risk to respond to mild/moderate stress and iii) a governance process for formally invoking the GRP. The Plan would be formally invoked by the Group Board and would be overseen and executed by the Barclays Crisis Leadership
Team (BCLT), a flexible committee of senior management for responding to all types of stress events. In invoking and executing the


plan, the BCLT (in consultation with the Group Board) would assess the likely impact of the stress
event on the Group and its subsidiaries and determine the appropriate response for the nature and severity of the stress. The GRP includes a range of recovery options to respond to financial stresses of varying severity and includes detailed
information on financial and non-financial impacts of options and a communications plan.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 345


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Capital risk management


Overview

Capital risk is managed
through ongoing monitoring and management of the capital position, regular stress testing and a robust capital governance framework.


Roles and responsibilities

The
management of capital risk is integral to the Group’s approach to financial stability and sustainability management, and is embedded in the way businesses and legal entities operate.


Capital risk management is underpinned by a control framework and policy. The capital management strategy, outlined in the Group and legal entity
capital plans, is developed in alignment with the control framework and policy for capital risk, and is implemented consistently in order to deliver on the Group’s objectives.


The Board approves the Group capital plan, internal stress tests and results of regulatory stress tests, and the Group recovery plan. The Treasury
Committee is responsible for monitoring and managing capital risk in line with the Group’s capital management objectives, capital plan and risk frameworks. The Treasury and Capital Risk Committee monitors and reviews the capital risk profile
and control environment, providing Second Line oversight of the management of capital risk. The Board Risk Committee reviews the risk profile, and annually reviews risk appetite and the impact of stress scenarios on the Group capital plan/forecast
in order to agree the Group’s projected capital adequacy.

Local management assures compliance with an entity’s minimum
regulatory capital requirements by reporting to local Asset and Liability Committees with oversight by the Group’s Treasury Committee, as required.

Treasury has the primary responsibility for managing and monitoring capital and reports to the Group Finance Director. The Treasury and Capital Risk function contains a Capital Risk Oversight team, and is an independent risk
function that reports to the Group CRO and is responsible for oversight of capital risk and production of ICAAPs.


Capital risk management


The Group’s capital management strategy is driven by the strategic aims of the Group and the risk appetite set by the Board. The Group’s
objectives are achieved through well embedded capital management practices.

Capital planning and allocation


The Group assesses its capital requirements on multiple bases, with the Group’s capital plan set in consideration of the Group’s risk
profile and appetite, strategic and performance objectives, regulatory requirements, and market and internal factors, including the results of stress testing. The capital plan is managed on a top-down and bottom-up basis through both short-term and
medium-term financial planning cycles, and is developed with the objective that the Group maintains an adequate level of capital to support its capital requirements.


The PRA determines the regulatory capital requirements for the consolidated Group. Under these regulatory frameworks, capital requirements are set
in consideration of the level of risk that the firm is exposed to and the factors above, and are measured through both risk-based Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs) and leverage-based metrics. An internal assessment of the Bank’s capital adequacy is
undertaken through the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and is used to inform the capital requirements of the firm.


The Group expects to meet the minimum requirements for capital and leverage at all times and also holds an internal buffer sized according to the
firm’s assessment of capital risk.

Through the capital planning process, capital allocations are approved by the Group Executive
committee, taking into consideration the risk appetite and strategic aims of the Group. Regulated legal entities are, at a minimum, capitalised to meet their current and forecast regulatory and business requirements.


Monitoring and reporting


Capital is managed and monitored to maintain that Barclays’ capital plans are appropriate and that risks to the plans are considered.


Limits are in place to support alignment with the capital plan and adherence to regulatory requirements, and are monitored through
appropriately governed forums. Capital risks against firm-specific and macroeconomic early warning indicators are monitored and reported to the Treasury Committee, with clear escalation channels to senior management. This enables a consistent and
objective approach to monitoring the capital outlook against the capital plan, and supports the early identification when outlooks deteriorate.

Capital management information is readily available to support Senior Management’s strategic and day-to-day business decision making.

Stress testing and risk mitigation


Internal group-wide stress testing is undertaken to quantify and understand
the impact of sensitivities on the capital plan and capital ratios arising from stressed macroeconomic conditions. Recent economic, market and peer institution stresses are used to inform the assumptions developed for internal stress tests and to
assess the effectiveness of mitigation strategies.

The Group also undertakes stress tests prescribed by the BoE and EBA, and legal
entities undertake stress tests prescribed by their local regulators. These stress tests inform decisions on the size and quality of the internal capital buffer required and the results are incorporated into the Group capital plan to maintain
adequacy of capital under normal and severe, but plausible stressed conditions.

Actions are identified as part of the stress tests that
can be taken to mitigate the risks that may arise in the event of material adverse changes in the current economic and business outlook. As an additional layer of protection, the Group Recovery Plan defines the actions and implementation strategies
available to the Group to increase or preserve capital resources in the situation that a stress occurs that is more severe than anticipated.


346 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Capitalisation of legal entities


Barclays as a group comprises legal entities across multiple jurisdictions. The Group and regulated legal entities are subject to prudential
requirements from the PRA and/or local regulators. Sufficient capital needs to be available to meet these requirements both at a consolidated Group and individual legal entity level.


Where aggregate requirements for individual entities in the Group are higher than the consolidated requirement, the firm may use debt or capital
other than CET1 to meet these incremental requirements (so called ‘double leverage’). There are regulatory and rating agency expectations that constrain the amount of double leverage that can be used. This might increase the overall level
of capital the Group is required to hold.

The capitalisation of legal entities is reviewed annually as part of the capital planning
process and monitored on an ongoing basis.

Transferability of capital


Surplus capital held in Group entities is required to be repatriated to Barclays Bank PLC in the form of dividends and/or capital repatriation,
subject to local regulatory requirements, exchange controls and tax implications. This approach provides optimal flexibility on the re-deployment of capital across legal entities. Pre and post the implementation of ring-fencing, capital is managed
for the Group as a whole as well as its operating subsidiaries to enable fungibility and redeployment of capital while meeting relevant internal and regulatory targets at entity levels.


Foreign exchange risk

The
Group has capital resources and risk weighted assets denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in foreign exchange rates result in changes in the Sterling equivalent value of foreign currency denominated capital resources and RWAs. As a result, the
Group’s regulatory capital ratios are sensitive to foreign currency movements.

The Group’s capital ratio management strategy
is to minimise the volatility of the capital ratios caused by foreign exchange rate movements. To achieve this, the Group aims to maintain the ratios of foreign currency CET1, Tier 1 and Total capital resources to foreign currency RWAs at the same
level as the Group’s consolidated capital ratios.


The Group’s investments in foreign currency subsidiaries and branches, to the extent that they
are not hedged for foreign exchange movements, translate into GBP upon consolidation creating CET1 capital resources sensitive to foreign currency movements. Changes in the GBP value of the investments due to foreign currency movements are captured
in the currency translation reserve, resulting in a movement in CET1 capital.

To create foreign currency Tier 1 and Total Capital
resources additional to the CET1 capital resources, the Group issues debt capital in non-Sterling currencies, where possible. This is primarily achieved through the issuance of debt capital from Barclays PLC or Barclays Bank PLC in US Dollar and
Euro, but can also be achieved by subsidiaries issuing capital in local currencies.

Pension risk


The Group maintains a number of defined benefit pension schemes for past and current employees. The ability of the pension fund to meet the
projected pension payments is maintained principally through investments.

Pension risk arises because the estimated market value of the
pension fund assets might decline; investment returns might reduce; or the estimated value of the pension liabilities might increase. The Group monitors the pension risks arising from its defined benefit pension schemes and works with Trustees to
address shortfalls. In these circumstances the Group could be required or might choose to make extra contributions to the pension fund. The Group’s main defined benefit scheme was closed to new entrants in 2012.


Management of pension risk

Many
of the Group’s defined benefit (DB) pension funds are established as trusts in order to keep the fund’s assets separate from the sponsor (Barclays). As such the Trustees are responsible for:


◾   Investment strategy including asset allocation and performance of assets.


◾   Assessing the level of technical provision required.


◾   Meeting any minimum funding objectives.


◾   Complying with local legislation.

The legal structure of
Barclays’ DB pension funds and the role of the Trustees mean that Pension Risk is not part of the Bank’s risk appetite assessment used to manage other key risks.


Pension Forums


The Pension Executive Board (PEB) has accountability for the effective operation of pensions across Barclays Group. It is the most senior executive
body for pensions in Barclays.

The Pension Management Group (PMG) is accountable for the oversight and workflow management of the
group’s responsibilities of the pension arrangements operated by Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries globally. The PMG is accountable to the PEB.

The PEB and PMG are not created or mandated under the ERMF. However these forums provide Risk the opportunity to discuss pension risk in a wider context as other relevant stakeholders from HR, Legal, Treasury and Finance are also
represented at these meetings.

Key Pension Risk controls and governance include:


◾   Annual review, challenge and proposal of the IAS19 market driven assumptions used for the calculation of the pension scheme liabilities used in Barclays disclosures.


◾   Representation and input at key pension forums.


◾   Input into the Group’s ICAAP for pension risk.


◾   Input into the Group’s strategic planning and stress test exercises.


◾   Provide independent oversight of the Pension risk profiles from the Bank’s perspective.


◾   Coordinates response to regulatory initiatives, developments and proposals on pensions, which may include inputs from material overseas schemes.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 347


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book


Overview

Banking book operations
generate non-traded market risk, primarily through the mismatch between the duration of assets and liabilities and where interest rates on products reset at different dates. As per the Group’s policy to remain within the defined risk appetite,
interest rate and FX risks residing in the banking books of the businesses are transferred to Treasury where they are centrally managed. Currently, these risks are transferred to Treasury via funding arrangements, interest rate or FX swaps. However,
the businesses remain susceptible to market risk from seven key sources:


◾   Repricing/Residual risk: the impact from the mismatch between the run-off of product balances and the associated interest rate hedges or from unhedged liquidity buffer investments;


◾   Structural risk: the change to the net interest income on hedge replenishment due to adverse movements in interest rates, assuming that the balance sheet is held static;


◾   Prepayment risk: the potential loss in value if actual prepayment or early withdrawal behaviour from customers deviates from the expected or contractually agreed behaviour, which may result
in a hedge or funding adjustment at a cost to the bank. Exposures are typically considered (where appropriate) net of any applicable offsetting early repayment charges. This risk principally relates to early repayment of fixed rate loans or
withdrawal from fixed rate savings products;


◾   Recruitment risk: the potential loss in value if the actual completion or drawdown behaviour from customers deviates from the expected behaviour, which may result in a hedge or funding
adjustment at a cost to the bank. This risk principally relates to the completion timing around the Bank’s fixed rate mortgage pipeline process;


◾   Margin compression risk: the effect of internal or market forces on a bank’s net margin where, for example, in a low rate environment any fall in rates will further decrease interest
income earned on the assets whereas funding cost cannot be reduced as it is already at the minimum level.


◾   Lag risk: arises from the delay in re-pricing customer rates for certain variable/ managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by
either regulatory constraint around customer notification on pricing changes, processing time for the Group’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


◾   Asset swap spread risk: the spread between Libor and sovereign bond yields that arises from the management of the liquidity buffer investments and its associated hedges.

Furthermore, liquidity buffer investments are generally subject to Available for Sale (AFS) accounting rules, whereby
changes in the value of these assets impact capital via Other Comprehensive Income, creating volatility in capital directly

Roles and
responsibilities

The Non-traded Market Risk team provides risk management oversight and monitoring of all traded and non-traded market
risk in Treasury and customer banking books, which specifically includes:


◾   interest rate risk assessment in the customer banking books,


◾   review and challenge the behavioural assumptions used in hedging and transfer pricing,


◾   risk management of the liquidity buffer investments and funding activities,


◾   oversight of balance sheet hedging,


◾   review of residual risk in the hedge accounting solution and hedging of net investments,


◾   proposes and monitors risk limits to manage traded and non-traded market risk within the agreed risk appetite.


Management of IRRBB

Barclays
seeks to minimise interest rate risk and maintain it is within the agreed risk appetite, whilst actively managing the associated risk which could reduce the value of liquidity buffer investments. Therefore, the primary control for IRRBB is
calculating risk measures described below and monitoring risk exposure vs. defined limits. Limits are set at an aggregate business level and then cascaded down.


Barclays uses a range of complementary technical approaches to measure IRRBB as described below. The risk is measured and controlled using both an
income based metric (EaR) and value based metrics (EVE, EC and VaR).


Summary of measures for non-traded market risk


Measure   Definition
Earnings at risk (EaR)   A measure of the potential change in Net Interest Income (NII) due to an adverse interest rate movement over a predefined time horizon.
Economic value of equity (EVE)   A measure of the potential change in value of expected future cash flows due to adverse interest rate movement, based on the existing balance sheet run-off
profile.
Economic capital (EC)   A measure of the potential loss from a severe stress scenario over a predefined time horizon at a particular confidence level.
Value at risk (VaR)   A measure of the potential loss of value arising from unfavourable market movements at a specific confidence level, if current positions were to be held unchanged for
the predefined holding period.
Stress testing   A measure to assess risk exposures under severely adverse market scenarios.

Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR)


AEaR measures the sensitivity of net interest income over a one-year period. It is calculated as the difference between the estimated income using
the expected base rate forecast and the lowest estimated income following a parallel increase or decrease in interest rates.

The main
model assumptions are:

The balance sheet is kept at the current level, i.e. no growth is assumed


Contractual positions are adjusted for an assumed behavioural profile, more closely matching the actual product life-cycle.


AEaR is applied to the entire banking book, including the liquidity buffer investments. The metric provides a measure of how interest rate risk may
impact the Group’s earnings, providing a simple comparison between risk and returns. The main disadvantage of the metric is its short-term focus, as it only measures the impact on a position in the first 12 months. In order to counter this, the
Group has implemented additional economic value risk metrics.


348 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of treasury and capital risk


Economic Value of Equity (EVE)


EVE calculates the change in the present value of exposure to a parallel upward and downward interest rate shock. Note that the EVE calculation
measures sensitivity in terms of present value, while AEaR measures income sensitivity, hence complements each other.

The EVE measure is
applied to the entire banking book, that is, the same coverage as AEaR, and covers the full life of transactions and hedges enforcing the risk over the whole life of positions is considered. It does not capture the impact of business growth or
management actions, and is based on the balance sheet run-off profile.

Economic Capital (EC, for recruitment, prepayment and
residual risk)

EC consistent models, based on VaR methodologies, are used to measure unexpected losses to a 99.98% confidence
interval over a one-year period. Within non-traded market risk, this measure aims to capture recruitment, prepayment and residual risks for banking book products (see definitions on page 348). EC metrics typically measure variations in economic
value from specific sources of risk, for example, prepayment risk EC for fixed rate mortgages predicts the cost of hedging in order to reduce any mismatch exposure resulting from the impact of unexpected customer prepayment levels.


Limits are set against EC metrics and breaches trigger mitigating actions to reduce exposure to appropriate levels. EC modelling is typically
applied only to fixed rate products, with the majority of variable and administered rate portfolios not subject to an EC measure.


Advantages of EC are that it can calculate unexpected losses to an appropriate degree of confidence given the nature of the risks, and that it
covers sources of loss beyond the scope of other models (one-year period for AEaR, only existing business being considered for EVE, etc). However, as with any statistical model, the choice of the distribution may drive under-prediction of very
extreme events, i.e. the real distribution may be fat-tailed. To mitigate this, the Group continues to improve its models using long time series of historical data to capture extreme moves.


Value at Risk (VaR)


VaR is an estimate of the potential loss arising from unfavourable market movements, if the current positions were to be held unchanged for a set
period. For internal market risk management purposes, a historical simulation methodology is used with a two-year equally weighted historical period, at a 95% confidence level.


Daily VaR is used to measure residual interest and foreign exchange risks within certain banking book portfolios.


Quarterly scaled VaR is used to measure risk in the liquidity buffer investments. The calculation uses a two-year historical period, a 95%
confidence level and is scaled from daily to quarterly by an approved constant factor.

Stress testing


All non-traded market risk positions are subject to the Group’s annual stress testing exercise, where scenarios based on adverse economic
parameters are used to determine the potential on the balance sheet.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 349


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of operational risk


The sources of operational risks, and how those risks are managed, are detailed in this section. ◾ The types of risks that are classified as operational risks are described on pages 351 and 352. ◾ Governance, management and measurement techniques are covered on pages 352 and 353.


350 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of operational risk


Operational risk The risk of loss to the firm from inadequate or failed processes, systems, human factors or due to external events (for example,
fraud) where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks.


Overview

The management of operational risk has three key objectives:


◾   Deliver an operational risk capability owned and used by business leaders which is pragmatic, relevant, and enables business leaders to make sound risk decisions over the long term.


◾   Provide the frameworks, policies and tools to enable management to meet their risk management responsibilities while the Second line of defence provides robust, independent, and effective oversight
and challenge.


◾   Deliver a consistent and aggregated measurement of operational risk that will provide clear and relevant insights, so that the right management actions can be taken to keep the operational risk
profile consistent with the Group’s strategy, the stated risk appetite, the client franchise, and other stakeholder needs.

The Group is committed to the management and measurement of operational risk and was granted a waiver by the FSA (now the PRA) to operate an Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA) for operational risk, which commenced in January 2008.
The majority of the Group calculates regulatory capital requirements using AMA (94% of capital requirements), except for small parts of the organisation acquired since the original permission (6% of capital requirements) using the Basic Indicator
Approach (BIA). The Group works to


benchmark its internal operational risk management and measurement practices with peer banks.


The Group is committed to operating within a strong system of internal controls that enables business to be transacted and risk taken
without exposing the Group to unacceptable potential losses or reputational damages. The Group has an overarching ERMF that sets out the approach to internal governance. The ERMF establishes the mechanisms and processes by which the Board directs
the organisation, through setting the tone and expectations from the top, delegating authority and monitoring compliance.

Organisation
and structure

Operational risk comprises a number of specific risks defined as follow:


◾   Data Management and Information Risk: The risk that Barclays information is not captured, retained, used or protected in accordance with its value and legal and regulatory requirements.


◾   Financial Reporting Risk: The risk of a material misstatement or omission within the Group’s external financial, regulatory reporting or internal management reporting.


◾   Fraud Risk: The risk of financial loss when an internal or external party acts dishonestly with the intent to obtain an undue benefit, cause a loss to, or to expose either the Group or its
customers and clients to a risk of loss.


◾   Payments Process Risk: The risk of payments being processed inaccurately, with delays, without appropriate authentication and authorisation.


◾   People Risk: The risk that Barclays is exposed to by virtue of being an employer (excluding Health and Safety related risk).


◾   Premises and Security Risk: The risk of interruption to Barclays’ business due to the unavailability of premises and infrastructure as a result of intentional or accidental damage to
premises and moveable assets, physical security breaches and safety and security incidents.


◾   Supplier Risk: The risk that is introduced to the firm or entity as a consequence of obtaining services or goods from another legal entity as a result of inadequate selection, inadequate
exit and supplier management, resulting in operational, financial, or reputational risk to the bank, failure of services and / or negative customer impact.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 351


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of operational risk


◾   Tax Risk: The risk of unexpected tax cost in relation to any tax for which Barclays is liable, or of reputational damage on tax matters with key stakeholders such as tax authorities,
regulators, shareholders or the public. Tax cost includes tax, interest or penalties levied by a taxing authority.


◾   Technology Risk: The risk that comes about due to dependency on technological solutions and is defined as failure to develop, deploy and maintain technology solutions that are stable,
reliable and deliver on the business need.


◾   Transaction Operations Risk: The risk of Customer/Client or Bank detriment due to unintentional error and/or failure in the end-to-end process of initiation, processing and fulfilment of an
interaction between a Customer/Client and the Bank with an underlying financial instrument (e.g. mortgage, derivative product, trade product etc.) in consideration.


These risks may result in financial and/or non-financial impacts including legal/regulatory breaches or reputational damages.


The Group also recognises that there are certain threats/risk drivers that are more thematic and have the potential to impact the bank’s
strategic objectives. These are Enterprise Risk Themes which require an overarching and integrated management approach. These include:


◾   Cyber: The potential loss or detriment to Barclays caused by individuals or groups (threat actors) with the capabilities and intention to cause harm or to profit from attacks committed via
network information systems against us, our suppliers, or customers/clients.


◾   Data: The Data Risk theme is aligned to the Data Strategy of the firm and encompasses the Data risks to the firm from multiple Risk Categories including Data Management, Data Architecture,
Data Security & Protection, Data Resilience, Data Retention and Data Privacy


◾   Execution: The risk of failing to deliver and implement the agreed initiatives, priorities and business outcomes required to deliver the Group Strategy within agreed timelines.


◾   Resilience: Lack of resilience may threaten an organisation’s ability to survive and prosper in its commercial endeavours in the presence of adverse events, shocks and chronic or
incremental changes.


Roles and responsibilities


The prime responsibility for the management of operational risk and the compliance with control requirements rests with the business and functional
units where the risk arises. The operational risk profile and control environment is reviewed by business management through specific meetings which cover governance, risk and control. Businesses are required to report their operational risks on
both a regular and an event-driven basis. The reports include a profile of the material risks that may threaten the achievement of their objectives and the effectiveness of key controls, operational risk events and a review of scenarios.


The Group Head of Operational Risk is responsible for establishing, owning and maintaining an appropriate Group-wide Operational Risk Management
Framework and for overseeing the portfolio of operational risk across the Group.

Operational Risk Management (ORM) acts in a second line
of defence capacity, and is responsible for defining and overseeing the implementation of the framework and monitoring Barclays operational risk profile. ORM alerts management when risk levels exceed acceptable ranges or risk appetite in order to
drive timely decision making and actions by the first line of defence. Through attendance at Business Risk Committee meetings, ORM provide specific risk input into the issues highlighted and the overall risk profile of the business. Operational risk
issues escalated from these meetings are considered through the second line of defence review meetings. Depending on their nature, the outputs of these meetings are presented to the BRC or the BAC.


Operational risk framework

The
Operational Risk Framework comprises a number of elements which allow the Group to manage and measure its operational risk profile and to calculate the amount of operational risk capital that the Group needs to hold to absorb potential losses. The
minimum, mandatory requirements for each of these elements are set out in the Operational Risk Framework and supporting policies. This framework is implemented across the Group with all businesses required to implement and operate an Operational
Risk Framework that meets, as a minimum, the requirements detailed in the operational risk policies.


The Operational Risk Framework is a key component of the ERMF and has been designed to improve risk
management and meet a number of external governance requirements including the Basel Capital Accord, the Capital Requirements Directive and Turnbull guidance as an evaluation framework for the purposes of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. It also supports the Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.

The Operational Risk Framework includes the following elements:


Risk and control self-assessments

The Group identifies and assesses all material risks within each business and evaluates the key controls in place to mitigate those risks. Managers in the businesses use self-assessment techniques to identify risks, evaluate the
effectiveness of key controls in place and assess whether the risks are being effectively managed. The businesses are then able to make decisions on what action, if any, is required to reduce the level of risk to the Group. These risk assessments
are monitored on a regular basis to determine that each business continually understands the risks it faces.

Risk events


An operational risk event is any circumstance where, through the lack or failure of a control, the Group has actually, or could
have, made a loss. The definition includes situations in which the Group could have made a loss, but in fact made a gain, as well as incidents resulting in reputational damage or regulatory impact only.


A standard threshold is used across the Group for reporting risk events and part of the analysis includes the identification of improvements to
processes or controls, to reduce the recurrence and/or magnitude of risk events. For significant events, both financial and non-financial, this analysis includes the completion of a formal lessons learnt report.


The Group also maintains a record of external risk events which are publicly available and is a member of the Operational Riskdata eXchange (ORX), a
not-for-profit association of international banks formed to share anonymous loss data information. This external loss information is used to support and inform risk identification, assessment and measurement.


352 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of operational risk


Operational risk appetite and tolerance


The Group’s approach to determining its operational risk appetite combines both quantitative measures and qualitative judgement, in order to
best reflect the nature of non-financial risks.

The monitoring and tracking of operational risk measures is supplemented with
qualitative review and discussion at senior management executive committees on the actions being taken to improve controls and reduce risk to an acceptable residual level.


Operational risk appetite is aligned to the Group’s Risk Appetite Framework. The BRC considers, and recommends to the Board for approval, the
Group’s risk appetite statement for operational risk based on performance in the current year and the projections for financial volatility the following year.


Key indicators

Key
indicators (KIs) are metrics which allow the Group to monitor its operational risk profile. KIs include measurable thresholds that reflect the risk appetite of the business and are monitored to alert management when risk levels exceed acceptable
ranges or risk appetite levels and drive timely decision making and actions.

Risk scenarios


Risk scenarios are a summary of the extreme potential risk exposure for each risk in each business and function, and include an assessment of the
potential frequency of risk events, the average size of losses and three extreme scenarios. The risk scenario assessments are a key input to the calculation of regulatory and economic capital requirements (see following section on operational risk
measurement). The assessment considers analysis of internal and external loss experience, key risk indicators, risk and control self-assessments and other risk information. The businesses and functions analyse potential extreme scenarios,
considering the:


◾   circumstances and contributing factors that could lead to an extreme event


◾   potential financial and non-financial impacts (for example reputational damage)


◾   controls that seek to limit the likelihood of such an event occurring, and the mitigating actions that would be taken if the event were to occur (for example crisis management procedures, business
continuity or disaster recovery plans).


Management may then conclude whether the potential risk is acceptable or whether changes in risk
management control or business strategy are required.

The risk scenarios are regularly re-assessed, taking into account trends in risk
factors such as mis-selling, conduct and financial crime risks.

Reporting


The ongoing monitoring and reporting of operational risk is a key component of the Operational Risk Framework. Reports and management information
are used by the Operational Risk function and by business management to understand, monitor, manage and control operational risks and losses.

The operational risk profile is reviewed by senior management at the Businesses Risk Committee meetings as well as the second line of defence Operational Risk Review Forum and BRC, BAC and the Board.


Operational risk measurement


The Group assesses its Operational Risk Capital requirements using the Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA). The majority of the Group calculates
regulatory capital requirements using AMA (94% of capital requirements), except for small parts of the organisation acquired since the original permission (6% of capital requirements) using the Basic Indicator Approach (BIA). The Group works to
benchmark its internal operational risk management and measurement practices with peer banks and to drive the further development of advanced techniques.

Insurance

As part of its risk management approach, the Group also uses insurance to mitigate the impact of some
operational risks.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 353


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of model risk


The types of model risk, and how they are
managed, are detailed in this section


◾
 The types of risks that are classified as
model risk are described on page 175.

◾
 Governance, management and measurement techniques are covered on page 175.


354 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of model risk


Model risk


The risk of the potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect or
misused model outputs and reports.


Overview

Barclays uses models to support a broad range of activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures, conducting stress testing, assessing capital adequacy, managing
client assets, and meeting reporting requirements.

Since models are imperfect and incomplete representations of reality, they may be
subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their output. Model errors can result in inappropriate business decisions being made, financial loss, regulatory risk, reputational risk and/or inadequate capital reporting. Models may also be misused, for
instance applied to products that they were not intended for, or not adjusted, where fundamental changes to their environment would justify re-evaluating their core assumptions. Errors and misuse are the primary sources of model risk.


Robust model risk management is crucial to assessing and managing model risk within a defined risk appetite. Strong model risk culture, appropriate
technology environment, and adequate focus on understanding and resolving model limitations are crucial components.

Organisation and
structure

Barclays allocates substantial resources to identify and record models and their usage, document and monitor the performance
of models, validate models and adequately address model limitations. Barclays manages model risk as an enterprise level risk similar to other Principal Risks.


Barclays has a dedicated Model Risk Management (MRM) function that consists of two main units: the Independent Validation Unit (IVU), responsible
for model validation and


approval, and Model Governance and Controls (MGC), covering model risk governance, controls and
reporting, including ownership of model risk policy and the model inventory.

The model risk management framework consists of the model
risk policy and standards. The policy prescribes group-wide, end-to-end requirements for the identification, measurement and management of model risk, covering model documentation, development, implementation, monitoring, annual review, independent
validation and approval, change and reporting processes. The policy is supported by global standards covering model inventory, documentation, validation, complexity and materiality, testing and monitoring, overlays, risk appetite, as well as vendor
models and stress testing challenger models.

Barclays is continuously enhancing model risk management. The function reports to the Group
CRO and operates a global framework. Implementation of best practice standards is a central objective of the Group. Model risk reporting flows to senior management as depicted below:


Roles and responsibilities

The
key model risk management activities include:


◾   Correctly identifying models across all relevant areas of the firm, and recording models in the Group Models Database (GMD), the Group-wide model inventory. The heads of the relevant model
ownership areas (typically, the Business Chief Risk Officers, Business Chief Executive Officers, the Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer, etc.) annually attest to the completeness and accuracy of the model inventory. MGC undertakes regular
conformance reviews on the model inventory.


◾   Enforcing that every model has a model owner who is accountable for the model. The model owner must sign off models prior to submission to IVU for validation. The model owner works with the
relevant technical teams (model developers, implementation, monitoring, data services, regulatory) to maintain that the model presented to IVU is and remains fit for purpose.


◾   Overseeing that every model is subject to validation and approval by IVU, prior to being implemented and on a continual basis. While all models are reviewed and re-approved for continued use each
year, the validation frequency and the level of review and challenge applied by IVU is tailored to the materiality and complexity of each model. Validation includes a review of the model assumptions, conceptual soundness, data, design, performance
testing, compliance with external requirements if applicable, as well as any limitations, proposed remediation and overlays with supporting rationale. Material model changes are subject to prioritised validation and approval.


◾   Defining model risk appetite in terms of risk tolerance, and qualitative metrics which are used to track and report model risk.


◾   Maintaining specific standards that cover model risk management activities relating to stress testing challenger models, model overlays, vendor models, and model complexity


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 355


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of conduct risk


This section provides an analysis of the
management of conduct risk.


◾   Conduct risk is the risk that detriment is caused to our customers, clients, counterparties or the Group and its employees because of inappropriate judgement in the execution of our business
activities (see page 357).


356 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of conduct risk


Conduct risk


The risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, competition or Barclays from the inappropriate
supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent misconduct.


Overview

The Group defines, manages and mitigates conduct risk with the goal of providing positive customer and client outcomes, protecting market integrity and promoting effective competition. This includes taking reasonable steps to assure
the Group’s culture and strategy are appropriately aligned to these goals, products and services are reasonably designed and delivered to meet the needs of customers and clients, as well as promoting the fair and orderly operation of the
markets in which the Group does business and that the Group does not commit or facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption or breaches of economic sanctions.


Product Lifecycle, Culture and Strategy and Financial Crime are the risk categories under conduct risk.


Organisation and structure

The
governance of conduct risk within Barclays is fulfilled through management Committees and forums operated by the First and Second Lines of Defence with clear escalation and reporting lines to the Board.


The GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of conduct risk.


Roles and responsibilities

The Conduct Risk Management Framework (CRMF) comprises a number of elements that allow the Group to manage and measure its conduct risk profile.


Senior Managers have ownership within their areas for managing conduct risk. These individuals have a
Statement of Responsibilities identifying the activities and areas for which they are accountable. The primary responsibility for managing conduct risk and compliance with control requirements sits with the business where the risk arises. The First
Line Business Control Committees provide oversight of controls relating to conduct risk.

The Group Chief Compliance Officer is
responsible for owning and maintaining an appropriate Group-wide CRMF for overseeing Group-wide conduct risk management. This includes defining and owning the relevant conduct risk policies and oversight of the implementation of controls to manage
the risk.

Businesses are required to report their conduct risks on both a quarterly and an event-driven basis. The quarterly reports
detail conduct risks inherent within the business strategy and include forward looking horizon scanning analysis as well as backward looking evidence-based indicators from both internal and external sources.


The Business Unit Risk Committees and the Financial Crime Business Oversight Committees are the primary Second Line governance forums for oversight
of conduct risk profile and implementation of the CRMF. The responsibilities of the Business Unit Risk Committees include approval of the conduct risk tolerance and the business defined key indicators. Additional responsibilities include the
identification and discussion of any emerging conduct risks exposures which have been identified.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 357


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of reputation risk


This section provides an analysis of the
management of reputation risk.


◾   Reputation risk is the risk of damage to the Barclays brand arising from association, action or inaction which is perceived by stakeholders to be inappropriate or unethical (see page 359).


358 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of reputation risk


Reputation risk


The risk that an action, transaction, investment or event will reduce trust in the firm’s integrity and
competence by clients, counterparties, investors, regulators, employees or the public.


Overview

A reduction of trust in Barclays’ integrity and competence may reduce the attractiveness of Barclays to stakeholders and could lead to negative publicity, loss of revenue, regulatory or legislative action, loss of existing and
potential client business, reduced workforce morale and difficulties in recruiting talent. Ultimately it may destroy shareholder value.


Organisation and structure

The
GRC is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of reputation risk.

Roles and responsibilities

The Chief Compliance Officer is accountable for developing a reputation risk Framework and
policies and that they are subject to limits, monitored, reported on and escalated, as required.

Reputation risk is by nature pervasive
and can be difficult to quantify, requiring more subjective judgement than many other risks. The Reputation Risk Framework sets out what is required to manage reputation risk effectively and consistently across the bank.


The primary responsibility for identifying and managing reputation risk and adherence to the control
requirements sits with the business and support functions where the risk arises.

Barclays International and Barclays UK are required to
operate within established reputation risk appetite and their component businesses submit quarterly reports to the Group Reputation Management team, highlighting their most significant current and potential reputation risks and issues and how they
are being managed. These reports are a key internal source of information for the quarterly reputation risk reports which are prepared for the GRC and RepCo.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 359


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of legal risk


This section provides an analysis of the
management of legal risk


◾   Legal risk is the risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements (see page
361).


360 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays’ approach to managing risks


Management of legal risk


Legal risk


The risk of loss or imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of the firm to meet its
legal obligations including regulatory or contractual requirements.


Overview

The Legal Risk Management Framework (LRMF) prescribes Group-wide requirements for the identification, escalation, measurement and management of legal risk, covering assessment, risk tolerance, key indicators and governance. The LRMF
is supported by Group-wide legal risk policies and associated standards aligned to the following legal risks:


◾   Contractual Arrangements – the Group’s rights and remedies in its relationships with other parties not being enforceable as intended due to the absence of appropriate contractual
documentation or defects therein.


◾   Litigation Management – failure to adequately manage litigation involving the Group.


◾   Intellectual Property (IP) – failure to protect the Group’s IP assets or the Group infringing valid IP rights of third parties.


◾   Competition/Anti-trust – failure to adequately manage competition/anti-trust issues or failure to manage relationships with competition/anti-trust authorities.


◾   Use of Law Firms – failure to control instruction of external law firms.


◾   Contact with Regulators – failure to manage interactions with regulators or failure to manage the receipt and handling of regulatory information from a regulatory or government agency
appropriately.


The LRMF requires businesses and functions to integrate the management of legal risk within their
strategic planning and business decision making, including adopting processes to identify legal risk exposures and managing adherence to the minimum control requirements.


In addition to legal risk detailed above, legal outcomes, including losses or the imposition of penalties, damages, fines and sanctions, may arise
because of past and future actions, behaviours and business decisions aligned to the Principal Risk which gave rise to the outcome, including but not limited to conduct and operational risk. Details of current contentious legal matters in relation
to the Group are set out in Note 29 on page 239 legal, competition and regulatory matters.

Organisation and structure


Business/function risk forums have oversight of their legal risk profile and implementation of the LRMF. The Legal Executive Committee oversees,
challenges and monitors legal risk across the Group. The Group Risk Committee is the most senior executive body responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of Barclays’ management of risk. Escalation paths from this forum exist
to the Board Risk Committee.


Roles and responsibilities


The primary responsibility for identifying and managing legal risk and adherence to the minimum control requirements sits with the
businesses/functions where the risk resides.

On behalf of the businesses/functions, the aligned General Counsel or members of Legal
senior management provide oversight and challenge of the legal risk profile, for example by undertaking legal risk tolerance assessments, and providing advice on legal risk management. Legal risk tolerance assessments include both quantitative and
qualitative criteria such as:


◾   Risk and control self-assessment, lessons learned, testing and monitoring processes.


◾   Analysis of legal risk material control issues or weaknesses.


◾   Potential legal risks resulting from upcoming changes in the control environment, systems, or internal organisational structures.


◾   Potential implications on the Group of forthcoming changes in the external legal and regulatory environment and/or prevailing decisions from courts and enforcing authorities as they relate to
defined legal risks.

The Group General Counsel supported by the Global Head of Legal Risk, Governance and Control is
responsible for maintaining an appropriate LRMF and for overseeing Group-wide legal risk management.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 361


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Deposits and short-term borrowings

Deposits

Deposits include deposits from banks and customer accounts.


Average for the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Deposits from banks
UK   5,063   5,552   7,402
Europe   33,031   38,180   40,389
Americas   4,901   6,633   7,439
Asia   6,764   6,611   6,744
Africa   4,028   2,705   3,710
Total deposits from banks   53,787   59,681   65,684
Customer Accounts
UK   319,788   301,730   283,482
Europe   43,254   41,718   44,474
Americas   72,785   76,909   70,924
Asia   7,192   7,914   10,279
Africa   5,146   12,258   39,159
Customer Accounts   448,165   440,529   448,318
Deposits from banks in offices in the United Kingdom received from non-residents amounted to £30,548m (2016: £36,976m). The balances below are on a spot basis as at 31 December 2017, rather than the average basis per the tables included above.
Year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Customer Accounts   429,121   423,178   418,242
In offices in the United Kingdom:
Current and Demand Accounts
- interest free   93,573   85,296   73,987
Current and Demand Accounts
- interest bearing   39,641   37,200   33,467
Savings accounts   125,869   123,833   119,838
Other time deposits- retail   15,029   14,526   13,903
Other time deposits- wholesale   91,534   84,805   70,399
Total repayable in offices in the United Kingdom   365,646   345,660   311,594
In offices outside the United Kingdom:
Current and Demand Accounts
- interest free   7,328   9,722   12,777
Current and Demand Accounts
- interest bearing   5,407   5,986   26,891
Savings accounts   8,470   9,511   15,729
Other time deposits   42,269   52,299   51,251
Total repayable in offices outside the United Kingdom   63,474   77,518   106,648

Customer accounts deposits in offices in the United Kingdom received from
non-residents
 amounted
to £55,414m (2016: £51,161m).

Note

a Calculated based on
month-end
 balances. The average balance differs to the average balance sheets as the latter excludes
non-interest
 bearing settlement balances.


362 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Short-term borrowings

Short-term borrowings
include deposits from banks, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements.

Deposits from banks


Deposits from banks are taken from a wide range of counterparties and generally have maturities of less than one year.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Year-end balance   37,723   48,214   47,080
Average balance a, b   49,938   59,681   65,684
Maximum balance a   56,348   66,404   84,270
Average interest rate during year   0.8%   0.4%   0.3%
Year-end interest rate   0.8%   0.4%   0.2%
Notes
a Calculated based on month-end balances.
b The average balance differs to the average balance sheet as the latter excludes non-interest bearing settlement
balances.
Commercial paper
Commercial paper is issued by the Group, mainly in the United States, generally in denominations of not less than $100,000, with maturities
of up to 270 days.
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Year-end balance   7,981   8,132   6,689
Average balance a   8,375   7,711   9,192
Maximum balance a   9,056   8,471   13,407
Average interest rate during year   1.2%   0.8%   0.3%
Year-end interest rate   1.3%   1.0%   0.3%
Note
a Calculated based on month-end balances.
Negotiable certificates of deposit
Negotiable certificates of deposits are issued mainly in the United Kingdom and United States, generally in denominations of not less than
$100,000.
2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Year-end balance   21,874   20,373   14,312
Average balance a   24,984   15,540   22,298
Maximum balance a   30,529   20,373   29,216
Average interest rate during year   0.7%   0.4%   1.0%
Year-end interest rate   0.8%   0.5%   1.0%
Note
a Calculated based on month-end balances.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 363


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Repurchase Agreements

Repurchase agreements are entered into with both
customers and banks and generally have maturities of not more than three months.


2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Year-end balance   40,338   19,760   25,035
Average balance a   37,446   24,966   114,933
Maximum balance a   43,451   28,057   167,343
Average interest rate during year   1.5%   0.8%   0.3%
Year-end interest rate   1.5%   0.7%   0.3%

Notes

a Calculated based on
month-end
 balances.

Commitments and contractual obligations


Commercial commitments include guarantees, contingent liabilities and standby facilities.


Commercial commitments   Amount of commitment expiration per period
Less than one year £m   Between one to three years £m   Between three to five years £m   After five years £m   Total amounts committed £m
As at 31 December 2017
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   13,631   227   49   368   14,275
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,396   199   10   133   4,738
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   806   6   -   -   812
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   314,364   90   259   48   314,761
As at 31 December 2016
Guarantees and letters of credit pledged as collateral security   14,498   403   25   377   15,303
Performance guarantees, acceptances and endorsements   4,400   140   64   32   4,636
Documentary credits and other short-term trade related transactions   1,005   -   -   -   1,005
Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments   302,359   102   150   70   302,681


364 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Contractual obligations include debt securities, operating lease and purchase obligations.


Contractual obligations   Payments due by period
Less than one year £m   Between one to three years £m   Between three to five years £m   After five years £m   Total £m
As at 31 December 2017
Long-term debt a   39,434   19,287   24,160   31,894   114,775
Operating lease obligations   334   522   343   1,337   2,536
Purchase obligations   292   272   90   82   736
Total   40,060   20,081   24,593   33,313   118,047
As at 31 December 2016
Long-term debt a   46,528   20,005   19,829   31,044   117,406
Operating lease obligations   364   547   450   1,520   2,881
Purchase obligations   342   206   122   127   797
Total   47,234   20,758   20,401   32,691   121,084

Notes

a Long-term debt has been prepared to
reflect cash flows on an undiscounted basis, which includes interest payments.

Net cash flows from derivatives used to hedge long-term debt amount to £2.4bn
(2016: £3.5bn).

Further information on the contractual maturity of the Group’s assets and liabilities is given in the Funding section of the Risk Review.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 365


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Securities


Securities at fair value
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Investment securities – Financial Investments
United Kingdom government   15,096   15,351   17,947
Other government   29,887   28,750   49,427
Other public bodies and US Agencies   474   1,635   5,462
Mortgage and asset backed securities   546   804   1,082
Corporate and other issuers   11,126   16,339   15,360
Debt securities   57,129   62,879   89,278
Equity securities   1,787   438   989
Investment securities – Financial Investments   58,916   63,317   90,267
Other securities – held for trading
United Kingdom government   4,380   4,793   4,020
Other government   20,603   15,134   19,503
Other public bodies and US Agencies   7,408   5,396   8,683
Mortgage and asset backed securities   1,974   1,568   2,927
Bank and building society certificates of deposit   21   23   559
Corporate and other issuers   16,814   11,875   9,884
Debt securities   51,200   38,789   45,576
Equity securities   59,338   38,329   29,055
Other securities – held for trading   110,538   77,118   74,631

Investment debt securities include government securities held as part of the Group’s treasury management portfolio for asset and
liability, liquidity and regulatory purposes and are for use on a continuing basis in the activities of the Group. In addition, the Group holds as investments listed and unlisted corporate securities.


Maturities and yield of Financial Investments
Maturing with one year   Maturing one but within five years   Maturing after five but within ten years   Maturing after ten years   Total
As at 31 December 2017   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %   Amount £m   Yield %
Government   4,253   0.5%   17,412   0.9%   15,073   1.6%   8,244   2.8%   44,982   1.4%
Other public bodies and US Agencies   –   –   117   0.9%   –   –   357   1.4%   474   1.3%
Other issuers   1,398   1.2%   8,005   1.8%   1,999   1.5%   271   2.6%   11,673   1.7%
Total book value   5,651   0.7%   25,534   1.2%   17,072   1.5%   8,872   2.7%   57,129   1.5%

The yield for each range of maturities is calculated by dividing the annualised interest income prevailing at 31 December 2017 by
the fair value of securities held at that date.


366 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Average balance sheet

Average balances are based
upon monthly averages.


Assets   2017
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Loans and advances to banks   UK   84,327   365   4   369   0.4
Loans and advances to banks   Non-UK   103,539   504   -   504   0.5
Loans and advances to banks a   Total   187,866   869   4   873   0.5
Loans and advances to customers   UK   287,350   8,543   71   8,614   3.0
Loans and advances to customers   Non-UK   77,658   3,240   232   3,472   4.5
Loans and advances to customers a   Total   365,008   11,783   303   12,086   3.3
Financial investments   UK   54,218   651   -   651   1.2
Financial investments   Non-UK   4,316   103   -   103   2.4
Financial investments   Total   58,534   754   -   754   1.3
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   2,832   51   20   71   2.5
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   14,507   30   374   404   2.8
Reverse repurchase agreements b   Total   17,339   81   394   475   2.7
Other interest income c   -   144   -   144   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through P&L   628,747   13,631   701   14,332   2.3
Less interest expense   -   (3,786)   (1,245)   (5,031)   -
Net interest   628,747   9,845   (544)   9,301   1.5
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   UK   81,639
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   87,253
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Total   168,892
Total interest earning assets   797,639
Impairments   (4,700)
Non-interest earning assets   422,102
Total   1,215,041
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the UK   36%

Notes


a   Loans and advances to banks and customers include all doubtful lendings, including non-accrual lendings. Interest receivable on such lendings has been included to the extent to
which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Group.


b   Average balances for reverse repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities borrowed have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest
income and expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously.


c   Other interest income principally includes interest income relating to hedging activity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 367


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Assets   2016
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Loans and advances to banks   UK   55,902   588   3   591   1.1
Loans and advances to banks   Non-UK   65,549   197   -   197   0.3
Loans and advances to banks a   Total   121,451   785   3   788   0.6
Loans and advances to customers   UK   290,751   9,665   136   9,801   3.4
Loans and advances to customers   Non-UK   92,044   3,293   89   3,382   3.7
Loans and advances to customers a   Total   382,795   12,958   225   13,183   3.4
Financial investments   UK   71,697   520   43   563   0.8
Financial investments   Non-UK   7,661   220   -   220   2.9
Financial investments   Total   79,358   740   43   783   1.0
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   5,949   (7)   71   64   1.1
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   14,752   34   287   321   2.2
Reverse repurchase agreements b   Total   20,701   27   358   385   1.9
Other interest income c   -   31   -   31   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through P&L   604,305   14,541   629   15,170   2.5
Less interest expense   -   (4,004)   (214)   (4,218)   -
Net interest   604,305   10,537   415   10,952   1.8
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   UK   65,449
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   78,470
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Total   143,919
Total interest earning assets   748,224
Impairments   (4,669)
Non-interest earning assets   550,299
Total   1,293,854
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the UK   35%

Notes


a   Loans and advances to banks and customers include all doubtful lendings, including non-accrual lendings. Interest receivable on such lendings has been included to the extent to
which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Group.


b   Average balances for reverse repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities borrowed have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest
income and expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously. Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements including other similar lending and borrowing in certain businesses have been designated at fair value following a change in accounting treatment to better align to the way the business
manages the portfolio’s risk and performance.


c   Other interest income principally includes interest income relating to hedging activity.


368 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Assets   2015
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Loans and advances to banks   UK   51,597   513   1   514   1.0
Loans and advances to banks   Non-UK   48,521   131   60   191   0.4
Loans and advances to banks a   Total   100,118   644   61   705   0.7
Loans and advances to customers   UK   283,191   9,686   84   9,770   3.4
Loans and advances to customers   Non-UK   120,252   2,825   3,420   6,245   5.2
Loans and advances to customers a   Total   403,443   12,511   3,504   16,015   4.0
Financial investments   UK   84,291   494   -   494   0.6
Financial investments   Non-UK   9,436   204   144   348   3.7
Financial investments   Total   93,727   698   144   842   0.9
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   86,322   18   187   205   0.2
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   96,187   (239)   479   240   0.2
Reverse repurchase agreements b   Total   182,509   (221)   666   445   0.2
Other interest income c   -   321   -   321   -
Total interest earning assets not at fair value through P&L   779,797   13,953   4,375   18,328   2.4
Less interest expense   -   (3,345)   (2,371)   (5,716)   -
Net interest   779,797   10,608   2,004   12,612   1.6
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   UK   48,360
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   81,031
Interest earning assets at fair value through P&L   Total   129,391
Total interest earning assets   909,188
Impairments   (5,273)
Non-interest earning assets   526,448
Total   1,430,363
Percentage of total average interest earning assets in offices outside the UK   39%

Notes


a   Loans and advances to banks and customers include all doubtful lendings, including non-accrual lendings. Interest receivable on such lendings has been included to the extent to
which either cash payments have been received or interest has been accrued in accordance with the income recognition policy of the Group.


b   Average balances for reverse repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities borrowed have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest
income and expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously.


c   Other interest income principally includes interest income relating to hedging activity.


d.   Net Interest Income from discontinued operations is included within Interest presented elsewhere.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 369


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2017
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Deposits by banks   UK   40,103   94   4   98   0.2
Deposits by banks   Non-UK   4,719   276   -   276   5.8
Deposits by banks   Total   44,822   370   4   374   0.8
Customer accounts   UK   258,667   740   17   757   0.3
Customer accounts   Non-UK   55,704   383   708   1,091   2.0
Customer accounts   Total   314,371   1,123   725   1,848   0.6
Debt securities in issue   UK   43,632   831   -   831   1.9
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   34,819   84   -   84   0.2
Debt securities in issue   Total   78,451   915   -   915   1.2
Subordinated liabilities   UK   23,930   1,223   -   1,223   5.1
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   52   -   -   -   -
Subordinated liabilities   Total   23,982   1,223   -   1,223   5.1
Repurchase agreements   UK   22,015   22   202   224   1.0
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   15,431   24   314   338   2.2
Repurchase agreements a   Total   37,446   46   516   562   1.5
Other interest expense b   -   109   -   109   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through P&L   499,072   3,786   1,245   5,031   1.0
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   UK   99,332
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   81,565
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Total   180,897
Total interest bearing liabilities   679,969
Interest free customer deposits   UK   88,813
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   9,353
Interest free customer deposits   Total   98,166
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   372,021
Shareholders’ equity   64,885
Total   1,215,041
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in offices outside the UK   28%


Notes


a   Average balances for repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities lent have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest income and
expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously.


b   Other interest expense principally includes interest expense relating to hedging activity.


370 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2016
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Deposits by banks   UK   44,890   145   2   147   0.3
Deposits by banks   Non-UK   9,469   120   -   120   1.3
Deposits by banks   Total   54,359   265   2   267   0.5
Customer accounts   UK   251,738   400   (84)   316   0.1
Customer accounts   Non-UK   62,127   1,113   74   1,187   1.9
Customer accounts   Total   313,865   1,513   (10)   1,503   0.5
Debt securities in issue   UK   39,956   757   -   757   1.9
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   25,712   232   -   232   0.9
Debt securities in issue   Total   65,668   989   -   989   1.5
Subordinated liabilities   UK   22,437   1,104   -   1,104   4.9
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   228   -   -   -   -
Subordinated liabilities   Total   22,665   1,104   -   1,104   4.9
Repurchase agreements   UK   13,736   116   110   226   1.6
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   11,424   47   112   159   1.4
Repurchase agreements a   Total   25,160   163   222   385   1.5
Other interest expense b   (30)   -   (30)   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through P&L   481,717   4,004   214   4,218   0.9
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   UK   78,036
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   69,976
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Total   148,012
Total interest bearing liabilities   629,729
Interest free customer deposits   UK   78,788
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   10,074
Interest free customer deposits   Total   88,862
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   510,767
Shareholders’ equity   64,496
Total   1,293,854
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in offices outside the UK   28%


Notes


a   Average balances for repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities lent have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest income and
expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously. Reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements including other similar lending and borrowing in certain businesses have been designated at fair value following a change in accounting treatment to better align to the way the business
manages the portfolio’s risk and performance.


b   Other interest expense principally includes interest expense relating to hedging activity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 371


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Liabilities   2015
Average balance   Interest presented within net interest income   Interest presented elsewhere   Total interest   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   %
Deposits by banks   UK   46,577   72   8   80   0.2
Deposits by banks   Non-UK   12,716   59   49   108   0.8
Deposits by banks   Total   59,293   131   57   188   0.3
Customer accounts   UK   237,723   2,185   28   2,213   0.9
Customer accounts   Non-UK   84,304   (781)   1,401   620   0.7
Customer accounts   Total   322,027   1,404   1,429   2,833   0.9
Debt securities in issue   UK   45,625   346   58   404   0.9
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   35,507   205   431   636   1.8
Debt securities in issue   Total   81,132   551   489   1,040   1.3
Subordinated liabilities   UK   20,015   1,007   -   1,007   5.0
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   818   8   72   80   9.8
Subordinated liabilities   Total   20,833   1,015   72   1,087   5.2
Repurchase agreements   UK   94,660   -   232   232   0.2
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   93,438   52   231   283   0.3
Repurchase agreements a   Total   188,098   52   463   515   0.3
Other interest expense b   -   192   (139)   53   -
Total interest bearing liabilities not at fair value through P&L   671,383   3,345   2,371   5,716   0.9
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   UK   51,164
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Non-UK   63,779
Interest bearing liabilities at fair value through P&L   Total   114,943
Total interest bearing liabilities   786,326
Interest free customer deposits   UK   71,763
Interest free customer deposits   Non-UK   14,182
Interest free customer deposits   Total   85,945
Other non-interest bearing liabilities   490,992
Shareholders’ equity   67,100
Total   1,430,363
Percentage of total average interest bearing liabilities in offices outside the UK   37%


Notes


a   Average balances for repurchase agreements and cash collateral on securities lent have been stated on a gross basis prior to any offsetting to provide a more meaningful comparison to the related interest income and
expense. The Group balance sheet offsets financial assets and liabilities where there is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or to realise an asset and liability
simultaneously.


b   Other interest expense principally includes interest expense relating to hedging activity.


c.   Net Interest Income from discontinued operations is included within Interest presented elsewhere.


372 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Changes in total interest – volume and rate analysis

The following tables
allocate changes in interest between changes in volume and changes in interest rates for the last two years. Volume and rate variances have been calculated on the movement in the average balances and the change in the interest rates on average
interest earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities. Where variances have arisen from changes in both volumes and interest rates, these have been allocated proportionately between the two.


Interest income   2017/2016 Change due to increase/(decrease) in:   2016/2015 Change due to increase/(decrease) in:
Total change   Volume   Rate   Total change   Volume   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Loans and advances to banks   UK   (222)   219   (441)   77   45   32
Loans and advances to banks   Non-UK   307   149   158   6   57   (51)
Loans and advances to banks   Total   85   368   (283)   83   102   (19)
Loans and advances to customers   UK   (1,187)   (113)   (1,074)   31   258   (227)
Loans and advances to customers   Non-UK   90   (577)   667   (2,863)   (1,274)   (1,589)
Loans and advances to customers   Total   (1,097)   (690)   (407)   (2,832)   (1,016)   (1,816)
Financial investments   UK   88   (160)   248   69   (82)   151
Financial investments   Non-UK   (117)   (84)   (33)   (128)   (59)   (69)
Financial investments   Total   (29)   (244)   215   (59)   (141)   82
Reverse repurchase agreements   UK   7   (46)   53   (141)   (332)   191
Reverse repurchase agreements   Non-UK   83   (5)   88   81   (358)   439
Reverse repurchase agreements   Total   90   (51)   141   (60)   (690)   630
Other interest income   113   -   113   (290)   -   (290)
Total interest receivable   (838)   (617)   (221)   (3,158)   (1,745)   (1,413)
Interest expense   2017/2016 Change due to increase/(decrease) in:   2016/2015 Change due to increase/(decrease) in:
Total change   Volume   Rate   Total change   Volume   Rate
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Deposits by banks   UK   (49)   (14)   (35)   67   (1)   68
Deposits by banks   Non-UK   156   (87)   243   12   (31)   43
Deposits by banks   Total   107   (101)   208   79   (32)   111
Customer accounts   UK   441   9   432   (1,897)   124   (2,021)
Customer accounts   Non-UK   (96)   (125)   29   567   (201)   768
Customer accounts   Total   345   (116)   461   (1,330)   (77)   (1,253)
Debt securities in issue   UK   74   70   4   353   (56)   409
Debt securities in issue   Non-UK   (148)   63   (211)   (404)   (145)   (259)
Debt securities in issue   Total   (74)   133   (207)   (51)   (201)   150
Subordinated liabilities   UK   119   75   44   97   121   (24)
Subordinated liabilities   Non-UK   -   -   -   (80)   (33)   (47)
Subordinated liabilities   Total   119   75   44   17   88   (71)
Repurchase agreements   UK   (2)   104   (106)   (5)   (344)   339
Repurchase agreements   Non-UK   179   68   111   (124)   (423)   299
Repurchase agreements   Total   177   172   5   (129)   (767)   638
Other interest expense   139   -   139   (83)   -   (83)
Total interest payable   813   163   650   (1,497)   (989)   (508)


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 373


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Credit risk additional disclosure

This section of
the report contains supplementary information that is more detailed or contains longer histories than the data presented in the credit risk management section.


A. Impairment


Movements in allowance for impairment by geography
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Allowance for impairment as at 1 January   4,620   4,921   5,455   7,258   7,799
Acquisitions and disposals   (5)   (5)   -   13   (5)
Unwind of discount   (48)   (75)   (149)   (153)   (179)
Exchange and other adjustments   (240)   (736)   (617)   (1,047)   (260)
Amounts written off:
United Kingdom   (1,111)   (1,272)   (1,354)   (1,313)   (1,548)
Europe   (157)   (218)   (200)   (742)   (957)
Americas   (1,038)   (664)   (411)   (535)   (276)
Africa and Middle East   (9)   (20)   (300)   (423)   (534)
Asia   (14)   (19)   (12)   (24)   (28)
Recoveries:
United Kingdom   207   241   281   147   119
Europe   18   18   15   27   18
Americas   108   104   52   -   -
Africa and Middle East   1   1   52   46   63
Asia   -   1   -   1   1
New and increased impairment allowance:
United Kingdom   1,714   1,659   1,559   1,596   1,687
Europe   219   350   399   757   1,131
Americas   1,205   1,164   649   378   514
Africa and Middle East   44   73   438   449   566
Asia   5   13   11   50   31
Reversals of impairment allowance:
United Kingdom   (369)   (288)   (320)   (381)   (302)
Europe   (109)   (90)   (141)   (337)   (323)
Americas   (13)   (139)   (59)   (38)   (4)
Africa and Middle East   (21)   (29)   (22)   (45)   (45)
Asia   (21)   (5)   (5)   (8)   (9)
Recoveries:
United Kingdom   (207)   (241)   (281)   (147)   (119)
Europe   (18)   (18)   (15)   (27)   (18)
Americas   (108)   (104)   (52)   -   -
Africa and Middle East   (1)   (1)   (52)   (46)   (63)
Asia   -   (1)   -   (1)   (1)
Allowance for impairment as at 31 December   4,652   4,620   4,921   5,455   7,258
Average loans and advances for the year   552,874   504,246   503,561   505,122   525,995


374 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Analysis of impairment charges
As at 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m   2014 £m   2013 £m
Impairment charges:
United Kingdom   1,138   1,130   960   1,071   1,262
Europe   92   242   244   392   790
Americas   1,084   921   539   339   510
Africa and Middle East   22   43   7   9   ( 12   )
Asia   ( 16   )   7   6   41   21
Impairment on loans and advances   2,320   2,343   1,756   1,852   2,571
Impairment on available for sale assets   3   21   18   ( 31   )   -
Impairment on reverse repurchase agreements   -   -   -   ( 5   )   8
Impairment charges   2,323   2,364   1,774   1,816   2,579
Other credit provisions charge   13   9   ( 12   )   5   17
Impairment charges   2,336   2,373   1,762   1,821   2,596

The industry classifications in the tables below have been prepared at the level of the borrowing entity. This means that a loan to a
subsidiary of a major corporation is classified by the industry in which the subsidiary operates, even though the Parent’s predominant business may be in a different industry.


Total impairment charges on loans and advances by industry
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   (42)   (1)   (4)   (9)   2
Manufacturing   (11)   39   (8)   1   44
Construction   10   7   10   8   23
Property   (10)   (13)   11   10   25
Energy and water   35   12   42   -   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   51   38   38   54   52
Business and other services   220   56   110   76   82
Home loans   31   (4)   27   28   38
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   856   975   735   893   980
Other   (2)   20   (1)   10   16
Total United Kingdom   1,138   1,129   960   1,071   1,262
Overseas   1,182   1,214   796   781   1,309
Total Impairment charges   2,320   2,343   1,756   1,852   2,571


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 375


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Allowance for impairment by industry
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %   £m   %
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   11   0.2   5   0.1   10   0.2   9   0.2   23   0.3
Manufacturing   34   0.7   60   1.3   30   0.6   32   0.6   84   1.2
Construction   37   0.8   35   0.8   32   0.7   33   0.6   45   0.6
Property   48   1.0   89   1.9   122   2.5   140   2.6   73   1.0
Government and central bank   1   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   18   0.2
Energy and water   108   2.3   114   2.5   90   1.8   -   -   1   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   186   4.0   143   3.1   124   2.5   137   2.5   124   1.7
Business and other services   482   10.4   252   5.5   238   4.8   205   3.8   202   2.8
Home loans   137   2.9   144   3.1   157   3.2   123   2.3   111   1.5
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   1,671   35.9   1,653   35.8   1,652   33.6   1,912   35.1   2,228   30.7
Other   42   0.9   49   1.1   37   0.8   61   1.1   71   1.0
Total United Kingdom   2,757   59.3   2,544   55.1   2,492   50.6   2,652   48.6   2,980   41.1
Overseas   1,895   40.7   2,076   44.9   2,429   49.4   2,803   51.4   4,278   58.9
Total   4,652   100.0   4,620   100.0   4,921   100.0   5,455   100.0   7,258   100.0
Amounts written off and recovered by industry
Amounts written off   Recoveries of amounts previously written off
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom:
Financial institutions   2   2   3   1   13   47   1   8   11   1
Manufacturing   2   15   6   13   55   3   3   2   6   4
Construction   10   5   13   21   26   3   1   3   3   2
Property   22   18   24   19   34   1   11   13   17   1
Energy and water   32   -   -   -   1   -   2   2   -   -
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   23   25   94   48   78   8   5   17   13   4
Business and other services   105   52   65   59   138   9   10   15   10   19
Home loans   13   11   22   15   39   -   -   3   2   2
Cards, unsecured and other personal lending   897   1,134   1,113   994   1,127   132   206   214   81   82
Other   5   10   14   144   37   4   2   4   4   4
Total United Kingdom   1,111   1,272   1,354   1,314   1,548   207   241   281   147   119
Overseas   1,218   921   923   1,723   1,795   127   125   119   74   82
Total   2,329   2,193   2,277   3,037   3,343   334   366   400   221   201


Impairment ratios
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
%   %   %   %   %
Impairment charges as a percentage of average loans and advances   0.42   0.46   0.42   0.44   0.58
Amounts written off (net of recoveries) as a percentage of average loans and advances   0.36   0.36   0.37   0.56   0.60
Allowance for impairment balance as a percentage of loans and advances as at 31 December   1.15   1.05   1.10   1.15   1.54


376 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


B. Potential credit risk loans


Credit Risk Loans Summary
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Impaired loans   4,404   4,614   5,635   6,854   10,510
Accruing loans which are contractually overdue 90 days or more as to principal or interest   1,268   1,474   1,744   1,912   1,903
Impaired and restructured loans   322   403   438   723   885
Credit risk loans   5,994   6,491   7,817   9,489   13,298
Credit risk loans
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Impaired loans:
United Kingdom   2,648   2,688   2,747   3,090   3,986
Europe   935   1,078   1,198   2,011   4,137
Americas   687   641   499   317   683
Africa and Middle East   89   140   1,106   1,353   1,626
Asia   45   67   85   83   78
Total   4,404   4,614   5,635   6,854   10,510
Accruing loans which are contractually overdue 90 days or more as to principal or interest:
United Kingdom   752   810   848   971   953
Europe   240   331   300   354   503
Americas   276   320   185   149   81
Africa and Middle East   -   13   411   437   364
Asia   -   -   -   1   2
Total   1,268   1,474   1,744   1,912   1,903
Impaired and restructured loans:
United Kingdom   179   217   286   559   734
Europe   5   6   33   31   13
Americas   138   180   117   90   81
Africa and Middle East   -   -   2   42   56
Asia   -   -   -   1   1
Total   322   403   438   723   885
Total credit risk loans:
United Kingdom   3,579   3,715   3,881   4,620   5,673
Europe   1,180   1,415   1,531   2,396   4,653
Americas   1,101   1,141   801   556   845
Africa and Middle East   89   153   1,519   1,832   2,046
Asia   45   67   85   85   81
Credit risk loans   5,994   6,491   7,817   9,489   13,298


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 377


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Potential problem loans
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom   945   1,302   983   942   1,112
Europe   124   209   158   208   285
Americas   328   599   487   146   99
Africa and Middle East   20   32   408   306   310
Asia   9   54   14   10   2
Potential problem loans   1,426   2,196   2,050   1,612   1,808


Interest foregone on credit risk loans
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Interest income that would have been recognised under the original contractual
terms
United Kingdom   87   91   139
Rest of the World   151   196   151
Total   238   287   290


Total impairment allowance coverage of potential credit risk loans
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   %   %   %   %   %
United Kingdom   77.0   68.5   64.2   57.4   52.5
Europe   46.4   48.4   53.3   50.9   53.4
Americas   112.7   109.3   89.2   89.7   77.4
Africa and Middle East   93.3   58.2   55.3   54.7   52.7
Asia   51.1   82.1   70.3   96.5   72.8
Total coverage of credit risk lending   77.6   71.2   63.0   57.5   54.6
Total impairment allowance coverage of potential credit risk loans
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   %   %   %   %   %
United Kingdom   60.9   50.7   51.2   48.7   43.9
Europe   42.0   42.2   48.3   46.9   50.3
Americas   86.8   71.7   55.5   71.1   69.3
Africa and Middle East   76.1   48.1   43.6   46.9   45.8
Asia   42.6   45.5   60.4   86.3   71.1
Total coverage of potential credit risk lending   62.7   53.2   49.9   49.7   48.0


378 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


C. Maturity analysis of loans and advances


Maturity analysis of loans and advances to customers
On demand   Not more than three months   Over three months but not more than six months   Over six months but not more than one year   Over one year but not more than three years   Over three years but not more than five years   Over five years but not more than ten years   Over ten years   Total
As at 31 December 2017   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom
Corporate lending   2,699   19,776   1,858   3,274   26,251   12,797   4,860   13,253   84,768
Other lending to customers in the United Kingdom   3,441   3,528   2,500   5,051   18,048   15,847   35,346   87,930   171,691
Total United Kingdom   6,140   23,304   4,358   8,325   44,299   28,644   40,206   101,183   256,459
Europe   4,349   16,863   1,107   1,548   6,590   3,313   2,622   3,843   40,235
Americas   2,514   25,624   2,502   3,870   10,712   7,236   5,652   6,377   64,487
Africa and Middle East   166   962   157   127   730   274   102   106   2,624
Asia   73   4,281   484   626   433   274   95   133   6,399
Total loans and advances to customers   13,242   71,034   8,608   14,496   62,764   39,741   48,677   111,642   370,204
As at 31 December 2016
United Kingdom
Corporate lending   14,810   20,056   1,127   2,929   14,917   14,123   4,478   13,626   86,066
Other lending to customers in the United Kingdom   3,544   3,768   2,489   5,181   19,484   16,020   34,367   85,377   170,230
Total United Kingdom   18,354   23,824   3,616   8,110   34,401   30,143   38,845   99,003   256,296
Europe   5,295   21,497   1,076   1,948   5,618   4,917   2,870   4,515   47,736
Americas   3,442   35,518   2,330   4,781   13,982   8,822   6,646   6,771   82,292
Africa and Middle East   210   861   200   307   578   870   93   59   3,178
Asia   895   4,482   454   764   912   307   74   14   7,902
Total loans and advances to customers   28,196   86,182   7,676   15,910   55,491   45,059   48,528   110,362   397,404


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 379


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Maturity analysis of loans and advances to banks
On demand   Not more than three months   Over three months but not more than six months   Over six months but not more than one year   Over one year but not more than three years   Over three years but not more than five years   Over five years but not more than ten years   Over ten years   Total
As at 31 December 2017   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
United Kingdom   339   9,093   778   9   7   -   -   25   10,251
Europe   673   10,951   11   -   132   -   -   80   11,847
Americas   1,195   6,579   70   93   94   -   -   13   8,044
Africa and Middle East   243   1,232   15   99   107   -   -   18   1,714
Asia   989   2,372   382   1   -   11   -   52   3,807
Total loans and advances to banks   3,439   30,227   1,256   202   340   11   -   188   35,663
As at 31 December 2016
United Kingdom   270   5,624   1,485   34   45   -   -   -   7,458
Europe   1,178   11,398   12   25   61   -   -   -   12,674
Americas   1,887   14,329   136   211   313   18   -   -   16,894
Africa and Middle East   224   772   305   331   146   -   -   -   1,778
Asia   1,299   2,224   815   12   83   1   13   -   4,447
Total loans and advances to banks   4,858   34,347   2,753   613   648   19   13   -   43,251


380 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


D. Industrial and Geographical Concentrations of Loans and Advances


Loans and advances to customers by industry
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   74,942   91,826   80,785   103,503   103,703
Manufacturing   9,316   12,470   12,444   11,849   10,632
Construction   3,288   3,525   3,798   3,767   4,245
Property   20,524   20,856   20,019   19,544   20,844
Government and central bank   9,434   12,029   5,942   7,127   4,999
Energy and water   6,229   7,565   7,874   8,557   7,547
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   12,680   13,143   14,034   13,635   13,288
Business and other services   21,001   22,135   26,092   22,803   20,663
Home loans   147,460   145,184   156,384   167,520   180,295
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   57,245   59,851   63,217   58,914   55,806
Other   8,085   8,820   13,549   16,003   19,463
Loans and advances to customers   370,204   397,404   404,138   433,222   441,485
Loans and advances to customers in the UK
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   20,055   22,214   18,530   23,728   22,101
Manufacturing   6,234   6,816   5,735   6,274   5,411
Construction   3,029   3,254   3,164   2,957   3,195
Property   18,243   18,145   15,556   15,053   15,096
Government and central bank   7,292   6,654   512   276   819
Energy and water   2,669   2,348   1,922   2,096   1,715
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   10,623   10,586   10,382   9,997   9,734
Business and other services   16,391   16,427   16,314   13,944   13,052
Home loans   134,820   131,945   132,324   132,864   129,703
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   30,786   31,260   30,452   28,061   30,396
Other   6,317   6,647   6,687   8,944   8,444
Loans and advances to customers in the UK   256,459   256,296   241,578   244,194   239,666
Loans and advances to customers in Europe
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   16,374   19,803   16,918   22,126   17,791
Manufacturing   1,399   2,613   2,352   1,641   2,051
Construction   80   30   68   193   625
Property   761   1,047   796   1,175   2,652
Government and central bank   1,635   3,545   3,415   3,759   1,583
Energy and water   1,012   1,497   1,280   2,612   3,119
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   871   944   711   1,105   1,524
Business and other services   1,216   1,170   3,355   1,878   2,882
Home loans   11,578   12,189   12,503   19,933   35,110
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   4,483   4,283   5,047   5,226   7,146
Other   826   615   1,743   1,589   2,014
Loans and advances to customers in Europe   40,235   47,736   48,188   61,237   76,497


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 381


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Loans and advances to customers in the Americas
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   33,455   45,193   39,798   49,171   49,457
Manufacturing   1,275   2,516   1,562   1,458   1,308
Construction   147   204   120   119   19
Property   1,289   1,472   1,720   1,542   944
Government and central bank   14   125   3   320   371
Energy and water   2,004   2,720   2,914   2,487   1,496
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   666   985   934   490   473
Business and other services   3,047   3,904   3,363   3,262   2,227
Home loans   567   595   624   770   783
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   21,486   23,700   18,140   15,666   12,936
Other   537   878   1,350   1,775   1,301
Loans and advances to customers in the Americas   64,487   82,292   70,528   77,060   71,315


Loans and advances to customers in Africa and Middle East
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   790   427   1,860   4,169   6,298
Manufacturing   17   60   2,320   1,856   1,229
Construction   -   2   363   403   379
Property   153   96   1,780   1,579   2,029
Government and central bank   239   483   613   997   1,090
Energy and water   260   494   1,025   645   739
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   219   328   1,837   1,831   1,378
Business and other services   65   237   2,685   3,358   2,058
Home loans   378   357   10,689   13,591   14,347
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   406   494   8,081   8,605   4,043
Other   97   200   3,047   3,210   7,073
Loans and advances to customers in Africa and Middle East   2,624   3,178   34,300   40,244   40,663


Loans and advances to customers in Asia
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Financial institutions   4,268   4,189   3,679   4,309   8,056
Manufacturing   391   465   475   620   633
Construction   32   35   83   95   27
Property   78   96   167   195   123
Government and central bank   254   1,222   1,399   1,775   1,136
Energy and water   284   506   733   717   478
Wholesale and retail distribution and leisure   301   300   170   212   179
Business and other services   282   397   375   361   444
Home loans   117   98   244   362   352
Cards, unsecured loans and other personal lending   84   114   1,497   1,356   1,285
Other   308   480   722   485   631
Loans and advances to customers in Asia   6,399   7,902   9,544   10,487   13,344


382 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Interest rate sensitivity of loans and advances
2017   2016
Fixed rate a   Variable rate   Total   Fixed rate a   Variable rate   Total
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Banks   15,282   20,381   35,663   14,047   29,204   43,251
Customers   126,009   244,195   370,204   124,995   272,409   397,404

Notes


a   Fixed rate includes settlement balances and other non-interest bearing loans.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 383


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Foreign outstandings in currencies other than the local currency of the borrower for countries where this exceeds 0.75% of
total Group assets
As % of   Total   Banks and other financial institutions   Government and official institutions   Commercial industrial and other private sectors
assets   £m   £m   £m   £m
As at 31 December 2017 a
United States   12.8   137,943   10,054   10,294   117,595
Germany   2.4   24,319   9,618   9,958   4,743
France   4.3   41,740   26,046   4,937   10,757
Cayman Islands   2.2   16,408   -   -   16,408
Switzerland   1.0   11,683   547   9,442   1,694
Netherlands   0.8   7,154   26   1,825   5,303
Spain   0.8   7,961   5,059   1,603   1,299
Hong Kong   0.9   9,931   465   24   9,442
As at 31 December 2016 a , b
United States   7.9   96,802   11,749   10,149   74,904
Germany   1.6   18,044   10,204   4,685   3,155
France   2.9   33,098   20,584   4,182   8,332
Cayman Islands   2.1   16,312   28   2   16,282
Switzerland   0.8   10,168   652   7,533   1,983
As at 31 December 2015 a ,b
United States   7.0   78,117   11,648   18,422   48,047
Germany   1.7   19,541   11,031   5,916   2,594
France   2.1   23,227   11,089   7,694   4,444
Netherlands   1.0   10,709   1,209   3,208   6,292
Cayman Islands   1.0   11,388   78   1   11,309
Switzerland   0.8   9,336   1,452   6,642   1,242

Note


a   Figures are net of short securities.


b   Prior year numbers have been restated.


Off-Balance Sheet and other Credit Exposures
2017   2016   2015
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m
Off-balance sheet exposures
Contingent liabilities   19,012   19,939   20,621
Commitments   315,573   303,686   282,307
On-balance sheet exposures
Trading portfolio assets   113,760   80,240   77,348
Financial assets designated at fair value   116,281   78,608   76,830
Derivative financial instruments   237,669   346,626   327,709
Financial investments   58,916   63,318   90,267


384 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional information


Additional financial disclosure (unaudited)


Notional principal amounts of credit derivatives
2017   2016   2015
As at 31 December   £m   £m   £m
Credit derivatives held or issued for trading purposes a   715,001   947,800   948,646

Note


a   Includes credit derivatives held as economic hedges which are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

Additional Related Parties disclosures

For US disclosure purposes, the aggregate emoluments of all Directors and Officers of Barclays
PLC who held office during the year (2017: 30 persons, 2016: 32 persons, 2015: 32 persons) for the year ended 31st December 2017 amounted to £88.7m (2016: £71.0m, 2015: £52.2m). In addition, the aggregate amount set aside for the
year ended 31st December 2017, to provide pension benefits for the Directors and Officers amounted to £0.1m (2016:£ 0.2m 2015: £0.3m).


Ratio of earnings to fixed charges – Barclays Plc
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(In £m except for ratios)
Fixed charges
Interest expense   3,786   4,004   3,345   4,108   4,904
Rental expense   138   208   157   207   221
Total Fixed charges   3,924   4,212   3,502   4,315   5,125
Earnings
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests   3,541   3,230   1,146   1,313   1,879
Less: unremitted pre-tax income of associated companies and joint ventures   (68   )   (53   )   (26   )   (34   )   102
Total earnings excluding fixed charges   3,473   3,177   1,120   1,279   1,981
Fixed charges   3,924   4,212   3,502   4,315   5,125
Total earnings including fixed charges   7,397   7,389   4,622   5,594   7,106
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges   1.89   1.75   1.32   1.30   1.39
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preference shares – Barclays Plc
2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(In £m except for ratios)
Fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations
Interest expense   3,786   4,004   3,345   4,108   4,904
Rental expense   138   208   157   207   221
Fixed charges   3,924   4,212   3,502   4,315   5,125
Preference share dividends and similar appropriations   245   343   345   443   412
Total fixed charges   4,169   4,555   3,847   4,758   5,537
Earnings
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests   3,541   3,230   1,146   1,313   1,879
Less: unremitted pre-tax income of associated companies and joint ventures   (68   )   (53   )   (26   )   (34   )   102
Total earnings excluding fixed charges   3,473   3,177   1,120   1,279   1,981
Fixed charges   4,169   4,555   3,847   4,758   5,537
Total earnings including fixed charges   7,642   7,732   4,967   6,037   7,518
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations   1.83   1.70   1.29   1.27   1.36


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 385


Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Report


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the shareholders and board of directors

Barclays Bank PLC:


Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements


We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Barclays Bank PLC and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of 31 December 2017, the related consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of changes in equity, and consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and the related notes and specific disclosures described in the financial statements as being part of the consolidated financial statements (collectively,
the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of 31 December 2017, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.


Basis for Opinion


These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since
2017.

London, United Kingdom

21 February 2018


386 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm’s Report


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Barclays Bank PLC

In our opinion, the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2016, present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Barclays Bank PLC (the “Bank”) and its subsidiaries at December 31 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2016, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Bank’s management. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

London, United Kingdom


22 February 2017

Note that the report set out above is included for the purposes
of Barclays Bank PLC’s Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for 2017 only and does not form part of Barclays Bank PLC’s Annual Report and Accounts for 2017.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 387


Barclays Bank PLC


[•••] Consolidated income statement


[•••] Consolidated statement of comprehensive income


[•••] Consolidated balance sheet

[•••]
Consolidated statement of changes in equity

[•••] Consolidated cash flow statement


[•••] Notes to the accounts

[•••] Financial
data

Barclays Bank PLC is a public limited company, registered in England under company number 1026167. The bank was incorporated on 7 August 1925 under
the Colonial Bank Act 1925 and on the 4 October 1971 was registered as a company limited by shares under the Companies Act 1948 to 1967. Pursuant to The Barclays Bank Act 1984, on 1 January 1985 the Bank was registered as a public limited
company and its name was changed from Barclays Bank International Limited to Barclays Bank PLC.

All of the issued ordinary share capital of Barclays Bank PLC is
owned by Barclays PLC.

Barclays approach to disclosures

The Group aims to
continually enhance its disclosures and their usefulness to the readers of the financial statements in the light of developing market practice and areas of focus. Consequently Barclays disclosures go beyond the minimum standards required by
accounting standards and other regulatory requirements.

Barclays continue to support the recommendations and guidance made by the Enhanced Disclosure Taskforce
(EDTF). The EDTF was formed by the Financial Stability Board with a remit to broaden and deepen the risk disclosures of global banks in a number of areas, including liquidity and funding, credit risk and market risk. Barclays has adopted the
recommendations across the Annual Report and Pillar 3 report.

In line with the Financial Reporting Council’s guidance on Clear and Concise reporting, Barclays
has focused reporting on material items and sought to reorganise information to aid users understanding.

It is Barclays view that best in class disclosures will
continue to evolve in light of ongoing market and stakeholder engagement with the banking sector. Barclays are committed to engaging with a published Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure (the Code). The Code sets out five disclosure principles
together with supporting guidance which states that UK banks will:


•   Provide high quality, meaningful and decision-useful disclosures;


•   Review and enhance their financial instrument disclosures for key areas of interest;


•   Assess the applicability and relevance of good practice recommendations to their disclosures acknowledging the importance of such guidance;


•   Seek to enhance the comparability of financial statement disclosures across the UK banking sector; and


•   Clearly differentiate in their annual reports between information that is audited and information that is unaudited.


British Bankers’ Association (BBA) Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure


Barclays has adopted the BBA Code for Financial Reporting Disclosure and has prepared the 2017 Annual Report and Accounts in compliance with the Code.


Statutory Accounts

The consolidated accounts of Barclays PLC and its subsidiaries are
set out on pages 188 to 271 along with the accounts of Barclays PLC itself on pages 193 to 194. The accounting policies on pages 195 to 200 and the Notes commencing on page 201 apply equally to both sets of accounts unless otherwise stated.


The financial statements have been prepared on going concern basis, in accordance with The Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies using IFRS.


Capital Requirements
Country-by
 Country Reporting


HM Treasury has transposed the requirements set out under CRD IV and issued the Capital Requirements

Country-by-Country
 Reporting Regulations 2013. The legislation requires Barclays PLC to publish additional information in respect of the year ended 31 December
2017. This information is available on the Barclays’s website:
barclays.com/citizenship/reports-and-publications/country-snapshot.html


388 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC


Barclays Bank PLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays PLC, which is the Group’s ultimate parent company. The business activities of Barclays Bank PLC Group and
Barclays PLC Group are fundamentally the same except for the following differences: the holding company, Barclays PLC, certain hedging activity and following a restructure in November 2016, the Group Service Company transferring from Barclays Bank
PLC to Barclays PLC.

Differences between Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC results can be summarised as follows:


◾   Balance Sheet Asset size – Barclays PLC £1,133,248m, Barclays Bank PLC £1,129,343m


◾   Income Statement Profit before tax – Barclays PLC £3,541m, Barclays Bank PLC £3,166m

The differences
occur primarily due to the following reasons:

◾
 Funding structures


◾
 Cash flow hedging

◾
 Group Service Company

More detail regarding the main differences is described on the page below.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 389


Barclays Bank PLC


Funding structures


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Preference shares   -   5,827
Other shareholders’ equity   -   272
Non-controlling interests (NCI)   2,111   1
Preference shares and capital notes issued by Barclays Bank PLC are
included within share capital in Barclays Bank PLC, and where still outstanding are presented as non-controlling interests in the financial statements of Barclays PLC Group.
Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Treasury shares   (28   )   –

Barclays PLC shares held for the purposes of employee share schemes and for trading are recognised as available for sale investments and
trading portfolio assets respectively within Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays PLC deducts these treasury shares from shareholders’ equity.


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Capital Redemption Reserve (CRR)   394   51

Arising from the redemption or exchange of Barclays PLC or Barclays Bank PLC shares respectively.


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Derivative financial instruments   237,669   237,987
Loans and advances to banks   35,663   36,209
Subordinated liabilities   (23,826   )   (24,193   )

Barclays Bank PLC has in issue two series of contingent capital notes (CCNs). These both pay interest and principal to the holder unless
the consolidated CRD IV CET1 ratio (FSA October 2012 transitional statement) of Barclays PLC falls below 7%, in which case they are cancelled from the consolidated perspective. The coupon payable on the CCNs is higher than a market rate of interest
for a similar note without this risk.

The accounting for these instruments differs between the consolidated financial statements of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank
PLC as follows:


◾   In the case of the 7.625% CCN issuance, the cancellation is effected by an automatic legal transfer of title from the holder to Barclays PLC. In these circumstances, Barclays Bank PLC remains liable to Barclays PLC.
Barclays Bank PLC does not benefit from the cancellation feature although it pays a higher than market rate for a similar note, and therefore the initial fair value of the note recognised was higher than par. The difference between fair value and
par is amortised to the income statement over time.


◾   In the case of the 7.75% CCN issuance, the cancellation is directly effected in Barclays Bank PLC. For Barclays Bank PLC, the cancellation feature is separately valued from the host liability as an embedded derivative
with changes in fair value reported in the income statement. The initial fair value of the host liability recognised was higher than par by the amount of the initial fair value of the derivative and the difference is amortised to the income
statement over time.


390 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Cash flow hedging


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Income Statement
Net interest income   9,845   9,748
Tax   (2,240   )   (2,125   )
Equity
Cash flow hedging reserve   1,161   184

Barclays PLC cash flow hedging reserve is larger than Barclays Bank PLC, as Barclays Bank PLC is no longer exposed to the same variable
rate cash flows. This is as a direct result of anticipated bank ring fencing and transfer of assets to an entity which is not expected to be consolidated by Barclays Bank PLC (although is expected to be consolidated by Barclays PLC). There is also a
difference in the income statement due to variance in income and tax due to cash flow hedging not included in Barclays Bank PLC.

Group
Service Company

The ownership of the Group service company was transferred in November 2016 contributing to the following key differences between Barclays
PLC and Barclays Bank PLC.


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Staff Costs   (8,560   )   (6,445   )
Infrastructure costs   (2,949   )   (2,068   )
Administration and general expenses   (3,247   )   (6,476   )

Employees within the Group Service Company were reallocated from Barclays Bank PLC as part of the restructure. Therefore these staff
costs are only shown in Barclays PLC. The Group Service Company recharges costs to Barclays Bank PLC leading to higher expenses. These are eliminated on consolidation in Barclays PLC.


Instrument type   Barclays PLC £m   Barclays Bank PLC £m
Goodwill and intangibles   7,849   4,885
Property, plant and equipment   2,572   1,519
Customer accounts   (429,121   )   (429,426   )
Debt securities in issues   (73,314   )   (69,386   )
Provisions   (3,543   )   (3,302   )

The difference is driven by Group Service Company balances reflected in Barclays PLC only, or in the case of customer accounts,
intercompany balances between the Group Service Company and Barclays Bank PLC, which eliminate on consolidation in Barclays PLC.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 391


Barclays Bank PLC data Consolidated income statement


For the year ended 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
Interest income   a   13,631   14,423   13,947
Interest expense   a   (3,883)   (2,966)   (2,584)
Net interest income   9,748   11,457   11,363
Fee and commission income   b   8,775   8,625   8,494
Fee and commission expense   b   (1,901)   (1,789)   (1,611)
Net fee and commission income   6,874   6,836   6,883
Net trading income   c   3,387   2,795   3,430
Net investment income   d   859   1,324   1,097
Other income   69   57   35
Total income   20,937   22,469   22,808
Credit impairment charges and other credit provisions   7   (2,336)   (2,373)   (1,762)
Net operating income   18,601   20,096   21,046
Staff costs   8   (6,445)   (9,211)   (8,853)
Infrastructure costs   e   (2,068)   (2,937)   (2,691)
Administration and general expenses   e   (6,476)   (3,200)   (2,983)
Provisions for UK customer redress   27   (700)   (1,000)   (2,772)
Provision for ongoing investigations and litigation including Foreign Exchange   27   -   -   (1,237)
Operating expenses   (15,689)   (16,348)   (18,536)
Share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures   70   70   41
Profit/(loss) on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures   9   184   565   (637)
Profit before tax   3,166   4,383   1,914
Tax   f   (2,125)   (1,245)   (1,302)
Profit after tax from continuing operations   1,041   3,138   612
(Loss)/profit after tax from discontinued operations   (2,195)   591   626
(Loss)/profit after tax   (1,154)   3,729   1,238
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   (1,937)   2,867   566
Other equity holders   l   639   457   345
Total equity holders of the parent   (1,298)   3,324   911
Non-controlling interests in respect of continuing operations   4   3   3
Non-controlling interests in respect of discontinued operations   140   402   324
(Loss)/profit after tax   (1,154)   3,729   1,238

The note numbers refer to the notes on pages 195 to 271, whereas the note letters refer to Barclays Bank PLC supplementary notes on pages
400 to 408.

Where there are differences between Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC, these are set out on pages 390 and 391. Barclays Bank PLC supplementary notes
provide additional detail.


392 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data Consolidated statement of comprehensive income


For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
(Loss)/profit after tax   (1,154)   3,729   1,238
Profit after tax in respect of continuing operations   1,041   3,138   612
(Loss)/profit after tax in respect of discontinued operations   (2,195)   591   626
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations:
Currency translation reserve a
- Currency translation differences   (1,310)   3,027   748
Available for sale reserve a
- Net gains from changes in fair value   404   2,178   60
- Net (gains) transferred to net profit on disposal   (294)   (912)   (377)
- Net losses transferred to net profit due to impairment   3   20   17
- Net losses/(gains) transferred to net profit due to fair value hedging   283   (1,677)   (148)
- Changes in insurance liabilities   60   53   86
- Tax   (27)   (18)   132
Cash flow hedging reserve a
- Net (losses)/gains from changes in fair value   (428)   689   (990)
- Net (gains) transferred to net profit   (602)   (431)   (276)
- Tax   256   (59)   221
Other   (7)   47   19
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be recycled to profit and loss from continuing operations   (1,662)   2,917   (508)
Other comprehensive income/ (loss) not recycled to profit and loss from continuing operations:
Retirement benefit remeasurements   115   (1,309)   1,179
Own credit   (7)   -   -
Tax   (66)   329   (260)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) not recycled to profit or loss from continuing operations   42   (980)   919
Other comprehensive (loss)/ income for the year from continuing operations   (1,620)   1,937   411
Other comprehensive income for the year from discontinued operations   1,301   1,520   (1,346)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax from continuing operations   (579)   5,075   1,023
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax from discontinued operations   (894)   2,111   (720)
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year   (1,473)   7,186   303
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent   (1,585)   5,947   457
Non-controlling interests   112   1,239   (154)
(1,473)   7,186   303

Notes


a   For further details refer to Note m.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 393


Barclays Bank PLC data Consolidated balance sheet


As at 31 December   Notes   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Assets
Cash and balances at central banks   171,036   102,328   49,711
Items in the course of collection from other banks   2,153   1,467   1,011
Trading portfolio assets   g   113,755   80,255   77,398
Financial assets designated at fair value   14   116,282   78,608   76,830
Derivative financial instruments   j   237,987   346,820   327,870
Financial investments   h   58,963   63,365   90,304
Loans and advances to banks   i   36,209   43,634   41,829
Loans and advances to customers   i   365,553   392,783   399,217
Reverse repurchase agreements and other similar secured lending   22   12,546   13,454   28,187
Prepayments, accrued income and other assets   1,850   4,011   3,027
Investments in associates and joint ventures   38   718   684   573
Property, plant and equipment   22   1,519   2,466   3,468
Goodwill and intangible assets   23   4,885   7,348   8,222
Current tax assets   f   376   501   385
Deferred tax assets   10   3,352   4,763   4,495
Retirement benefit assets   35   966   14   836
Assets included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   43   1,193   71,454   7,364
Total assets   1,129,343   1,213,955   1,120,727
Liabilities
Deposits from banks   37,906   48,214   47,080
Items in the course of collection due to other banks   446   636   1,013
Customer accounts   429,426   424,703   418,307
Repurchase agreements and other similar secured borrowing   22   40,338   19,760   25,035
Trading portfolio liabilities   13   37,352   34,687   33,967
Financial liabilities designated at fair value   17   173,718   96,032   91,745
Derivative financial instruments   j   238,345   340,487   324,252
Debt securities in issue   69,386   75,369   69,150
Subordinated liabilities   30   24,193   23,871   21,955
Accruals, deferred income and other liabilities   26   8,416   8,951   10,612
Provisions   27   3,302   3,909   4,142
Current tax liabilities   f   494   708   930
Deferred tax liabilities   -   4   100
Retirement benefit liabilities   35   287   377   423
Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale   43   -   65,292   5,997
Total liabilities   1,063,609   1,143,000   1,054,708
Equity
Called up share capital and share premium   31   14,453   14,462   14,472
Other equity instruments   31   8,982   6,486   5,350
Other reserves   32   3,808   4,295   933
Retained earnings   38,490   42,190   43,350
Total equity excluding non-controlling interests   65,733   67,433   64,105
Non-controlling interests   n   1   3,522   1,914
Total equity   65,734   70,955   66,019
Total liabilities and equity   1,129,343   1,213,955   1,120,727

The note numbers refer to the notes on pages 195 to 271, whereas the note letters refer to those on pages 400 to 408.


These financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 21 February 2018.


394 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instruments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Other reserves and other shareholders’ equity a , b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance as at 31 December 2016   14,462   6,486   (22   )   954   3,054   309   -   42,190   67,433   3,522   70,955
Effects of change in accounting policies   -   -   -   -   -   -   (175   )   175   -   -   -
Balance at 1 January 2017   14,462   6,486   (22   )   954   3,054   309   (175   )   42,365   67,433   3,522   70,955
Profit after tax   -   639   -   -   -   -   -   398   1,037   4   1,041
Currency translation movements   -   -   -   -   (1,309   )   -   -   -   (1,309   )   (1   )   (1,310   )
Available for sale investments   -   -   429   -   -   -   -   -   429   -   429
Cash flow hedges   -   -   -   (774   )   -   -   -   -   (774   )   -   (774   )
Pension remeasurement   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   53   53   -   53
Own credit reserve   -   -   -   -   -   -   (11   )   -   (11   )   -   (11   )
Other   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (7   )   (7   )   -   (7   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   -   639   429   (774   )   (1,309   )   -   (11   )   444   (582   )   3   (579   )
Total comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operations   -   -   (11   )   4   1,339   -   -   (2,335   )   (1,003   )   109   (894   )
Total comprehensive income for the year   -   639   418   (770   )   30   -   (11   )   (1,891   )   (1,585   )   112   (1,473   )
Issue and exchange of other equity instruments   -   2,496   -   -   -   -   -   -   2,496   -   2,496
Other equity instruments coupons paid   -   (639   )   -   -   -   -   -   174   (465   )   -   (465   )
Redemption of preference shares   (9   )   -   -   -   -   14   -   (1,343   )   (1,338   )   -   (1,338   )
Equity settled share schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   550   550   -   550
Vesting of Barclays PLC shares under employee share-based payment schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (78   )   (78   )   -   (78   )
Dividends on ordinary shares   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (674   )   (674   )   (173   )   (847   )
Dividends on preference shares and other shareholders equity   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (242   )   (242   )   -   (242   )
Net equity impact of BAGL disposal   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (359   )   (359   )   (3,462   )   (3,821   )
Other reserve movements   -   -   -   -   -   -   7   (12   )   (5   )   2   (3   )
Balance at 31st December 2017   14,453   8,982   396   184   3,084   323   (179   )   38,490   65,733   1   65,734


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 395


Barclays Bank PLC data


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instruments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Other reserves and other shareholders’ equity a , b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance at 1 January 2016   14,472   5,350   338   709   (623   )   509   -   43,350   64,105   1,914   66,019
Continuing Operations
Profit after tax   -   457   -   -   -   -   -   2,678   3,135   3   3,138
Currency translation movements   -   -   -   -   3,025   -   -   -   3,025   2   3,027
Available for sale investments   -   -   (356   )   -   -   -   -   -   (356   )   -   (356   )
Cash flow hedges   -   -   -   199   -   -   -   -   199   -   199
Pension remeasurement   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (980   )   (980   )   -   (980   )
Other   (17   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   64   47   -   47
Other comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   (17   )   457   (356   )   199   3,025   -   -   1,762   5,070   5   5,075
Other comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operations   -   -   (4   )   46   652   -   -   183   877   1,234   2,111
Total comprehensive income for the year   (17   )   457   (360   )   245   3,677   -   -   1,945   5,947   1,239   7,186
Issue and exchange of equity instruments   -   1,136   -   -   -   -   -   -   1,136   -   1,136
Other equity instruments coupons paid   -   (457   )   -   -   -   -   -   128   (329   )   -   (329   )
Redemption of preference shares   -   -   -   -   -   (199   )   -   (1,378   )   (1,577   )   -   (1,577   )
Equity settled share schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   577   577   -   577
Vesting of Barclays PLC shares under employee share-based payment schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (414   )   (414   )   -   (414   )
Dividends paid   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (978   )   (978   )   (235   )   (1,213   )
Capital contribution from Barclays PLC   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   114   114   -   114
Net equity impact of partial BAGL disposal   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (349   )   (349   )   601   252
Net equity impact of Group Service Company disposal   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (806   )   (806   )   -   (806   )
Other reserve movements   7   -   -   -   -   (1   )   -   1   7   3   10
Balance at 31st December 2016   14,462   6,486   (22   )   954   3,054   309   -   42,190   67,433   3,522   70,955


396 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Consolidated statement of changes in equity


Called up share capital and share premium a £m   Other equity instruments a £m   Available for sale reserve b £m   Cash flow hedging reserve b £m   Currency translation reserve b £m   Other reserves and other shareholders’ equity a , b £m   Own credit reserve b £m   Retained earnings £m   Total equity excluding non- controlling interests £m   Non- controlling interests £m   Total equity £m
Balance at 1 January 2015   14,472   4,350   578   1,817   (582   )   509   -   42,650   63,794   2,251   66,045
Continuing Operations
Profit after tax   -   345   -   -   -   -   -   264   609   3   612
Currency translation movements   -   -   -   -   748   -   -   -   748   -   748
Available for sale investments   -   -   (230   )   -   -   -   -   -   (230   )   -   (230   )
Cash flow hedges   -   -   -   (1,045   )   -   -   -   -   (1,045   )   -   (1,045   )
Pension remeasurement   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   919   919   -   919
Other   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   19   19   -   19
Other comprehensive income net of tax from continuing operations   -   345   (230   )   (1,045   )   748   -   -   1,202   1,020   3   1,023
Other comprehensive income net of tax from discontinued operations   -   -   (10   )   (63   )   (789   )   -   -   299   (563   )   (157   )   (720   )
Total comprehensive income for the year   -   345   (240   )   (1,108   )   (41   )   -   -   1,501   457   (154   )   303
Issue of shares under employees share schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   571   571   -   571
Issue and exchange of equity instruments   -   1,000   -   -   -   -   -   -   1,000   -   1,000
Other equity instruments coupons paid   -   (345   )   -   -   -   -   -   70   (275   )   -   (275   )
Vesting of Barclays PLC shares under employee share-based payment schemes   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (755   )   (755   )   -   (755   )
Dividends paid   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (1,219   )   (1,219   )   (209   )   (1,428   )
Capital contribution from Barclays PLC   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   560   560   -   560
Other reserve movements   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (28   )   (28   )   26   (2   )
Balance at 31st December 2015   14,472   5,350   338   709   (623   )   509   -   43,350   64,105   1,914   66,019

Notes


a   For further details refer to Note l


b   For further details refer to Note m


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 397


Barclays Bank PLC data


Consolidated cash flow statement


For the year ended 31 December   2017 £m   2016 £m   2015 £m
Continuing operations
Reconciliation of profit before tax to net cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before tax   3,166   4,383   1,914
Adjustment for non-cash items:
Allowance for impairment   2,336   2,357   1,752
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of property, plant, equipment and intangibles   821   1,232   1,215
Other provisions, including pensions   1,716   1,726   4,243
Net profit on disposal of investments and property, plant and equipment   (307   )   (912   )   (374   )
Other non-cash movements including exchange rate movements   1,235   (20,780   )   (1,189   )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Net decrease/(increase) in loans and advances to banks and customers   27,235   (25,439   )   22,705
Net decrease in reverse repurchase agreements and other similar lending   908   14,733   103,471
Net (decrease)/increase in deposits and debt securities in issue   (11,567   )   49,961   (33,219   )
Net increase/(decrease) in repurchase agreements and other similar borrowing   20,578   (4,852   )   (99,602   )
Net decrease/(increase) in derivative financial instruments   6,691   (2,351   )   (3,309   )
Net (increase)/decrease in trading assets   (33,472   )   (5,542   )   37,079
Net increase/(decrease) in trading liabilities   2,665   880   (10,877   )
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value   40,012   807   (3,064   )
Net (increase) in other assets   (2,119   )   (3,731   )   (2,680   )
Net (decrease) in other liabilities   (2,260   )   (452   )   (1,772   )
Corporate income tax paid   (672   )   (742   )   (1,643   )
Net cash from operating activities   56,966   11,278   14,650
Purchase of available for sale investments   (83,707   )   (65,086   )   (120,061   )
Proceeds from sale or redemption of available for sale investments   88,298   102,515   114,529
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   (954   )   (2,054   )   (1,928   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles   3,334   234   393
Disposal of discontinued operation, net of cash disposed   (1,060   )   -   -
Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed   358   595   -
Other cash flows associated with investing activities   693   32   516
Net cash from investing activities   6,962   36,236   (6,551   )
Dividends paid   (1,555   )   (1,186   )   (1,428   )
Issuance of subordinated debt   3,041   1,457   879
Redemption of subordinated debt   (1,378   )   (1,143   )   (556   )
Net issue of shares and other equity instruments   2,495   1,125   655
Capital contribution from Barclays PLC   -   114   560
Repurchase of shares and other equity instruments   (1,339   )   (1,378   )   -
Net cash from financing activities   1,264   (1,011   )   110
Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents   (4,773   )   10,468   1,689
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations   60,419   56,971   9,898
Net cash from discontinued operation   101   405   (1,821   )
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents   60,520   57,376   8,077
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   143,932   86,556   78,479
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   204,452   143,932   86,556
Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
Cash and balances at central banks   171,036   102,328   49,711
Loans and advances to banks with original maturity less than three months   32,706   38,099   35,876
Available for sale treasury and other eligible bills with original maturity less than three months   682   356   816
Trading portfolio assets with original maturity less than three months   28   -   153
Cash and cash equivalents held for sale   -   3,149   -
204,452   143,932   86,556


398 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Consolidated cash flow statement

Interest
received by The Group was £21,783m (2016: £21,981m; 2015: £20,370m) and interest paid by The Group was £10,388m (2016: £7,812m; 2015: £6,992m).


The Group is required to maintain balances with central banks and other regulatory authorities and these amounted to £3,360m at 31 December 2017 (2016:
£4,254m; 2015: £4,369m).

For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash comprises cash on hand and demand deposits, and cash equivalents comprise
highly liquid investments that are convertible into cash with an insignificant risk of changes in value with original maturities of three months or less. Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are not considered to be part of cash equivalents.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 399


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


a Net interest income


2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Cash and balances with central banks   583   186   157
Financial investments   754   740   698
Loans and advances to banks   286   483   481
Loans and advances to customers   11,783   12,957   12,512
Other   225   57   99
Interest income   13,631   14,423   13,947
Deposits from banks   (370)   (204)   (123)
Customer accounts   (1,123)   (1,808)   (1,510)
Debt securities in issue   (898)   (690)   (422)
Subordinated liabilities   (1,225)   (988)   (978)
Other   (267)   724   449
Interest expense   (3,883)   (2,966)   (2,584)
Net interest income   9,748   11,457   11,363
b Net fee and commission income
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Banking, investment management and credit related fees and commissions   8,646   8,507   8,365
Foreign exchange commission   129   118   129
Fee and commission income   8,775   8,625   8,494
Fee and commission expense   (1,901)   (1,789)   (1,611)
Net fee and commission income   6,874   6,836   6,883
c Net Trading Income
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Trading income   3,387   2,830   3,000
Own credit gains/(losses)   -   (35)   430
Net trading income   3,387   2,795   3,430


400 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


d Net investment income
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Net gain from disposal of available for sale assets   298   912   385
Dividend income   48   8   8
Net gain from financial instruments designated at fair value   338   158   193
Other investment income   175   246   511
Net investment income   859   1,324   1,097
e Administrative and general expenses
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Infrastructure costs
Property and equipment   954   1,147   1,082
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment   303   482   475
Operating lease rentals   290   550   411
Amortisation of intangible assets   478   661   570
Impairment of property, equipment and intangible assets   40   97   150
Gain/(loss) on property disposals   3   -   3
Total infrastructure costs   2,068   2,937   2,691
Administration and general costs
Consultancy, legal and professional fees   756   1,079   1,078
Subscriptions, publications, stationery and communications   455   638   678
Marketing, advertising and sponsorship   400   430   451
Travel and accommodation   118   132   188
UK bank levy   365   410   425
Goodwill Impairment   -   -   102
Other administration and general expenses   4,382   511   61
Total administration and general costs   6,476   3,200   2,983
Staff costs a   6,445   9,211   8,853
Provision for UK customer redress   700   1,000   2,772
Provision for ongoing investigations and litigation including Foreign
Exchange   -   -   1,237
Operating
expenses b   15,689   16,348   18,536

Notes


a   The Group has realigned outsourcing costs from administration and general expenses to staff costs in order to more appropriately reflect the nature and internal management of these costs. The net effect of these
movements is to reduce administration and general expenses and to increase staff costs by £847m in 2017 and £1,063m in 2016.


b   Total operating expenses of £15,689m (2016: £16,348m; 2015: £18,536m) include depreciation of property, plant and equipment of £303m (2016: £482m; 2015: £475m), amortisation of
intangible assets of £478m (2016: £661m; 2015: £570m), goodwill impairment £nil (2016: £nil; 2015: £102m) and administration and other expenses of £14,908m (2016: £15,205m; 2015: £17,389m).


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 401


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


f Tax
2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Current tax charge/(credit)
Current year   659   1,147   1,772
Adjustment for prior years   44   (359)   (188)
703   788   1,584
Deferred tax charge/(credit)
Current year   1,487   392   (360)
Adjustment for prior years   (65)   65   78
1,422   457   (282)
Tax charge   2,125   1,245   1,302

Tax relating to each component of other comprehensive income can be found in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income which
additionally includes within Other a tax charge of £6m (2016: £49m credit) principally relating to share based payments.

The table below shows the
reconciliation between the actual tax charge and the tax charge that would result from applying the standard UK corporation tax rate to The Group’s profit before tax.


2017   2016   2015
£m   £m   £m
Profit before tax from continuing operations   3,165   4,383   1,914
Tax charge based on the standard UK corporation tax rate of 19.25% (2016: 20%, 2015: 20.25%)   610   877   387
Impact of profits/losses earned in territories with different statutory rates to the UK (weighted average tax rate is 29.8%
(2016: 29.5%, 2015: 28.1%))   333   415   151
Recurring items:
Non-creditable taxes including withholding taxes   191   277   309
Non-deductible expenses   82   114   67
Impact of UK bank levy being non-deductible   70   82   96
Banking surcharge on UK profits   6   75   -
Tax adjustments in respect of share based payments   4   34   30
Non-taxable gains and income   (191)   (208)   (197)
Changes in recognition of deferred tax and effect of unrecognised tax losses   (72)   (178)   (71)
Impact of Barclays Bank PLC’s overseas branches being taxed both locally and in the UK   (61)   (128)   (35)
Adjustments in respect of prior years   (21)   (294)   (110)
Other items   111   81   142
Non-recurring items:
One off re-measurement of US deferred tax assets   1,177
Impact of the UK branch exemption on deferred tax assets   (276)
Non-deductible provisions for UK customer redress   129   203   283
Non-deductible provisions for investigations and litigation   72   48   261
Non-taxable gains and income on divestments   (39)   (180)   (50)
Non-deductible impairments and losses on
divestments   -   27   39
Tax charge   2,125   1,245   1,302
Effective tax rate   67.2%   28.4%   68.0%


402 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


Current tax assets and liabilities

Movements on
current tax assets and liabilities were as follows:


2017   2016
£m   £m
Assets   501   385
Liabilities   (708)   (930)
As at 1 January   (207)   (545)
Income statement from continuing operations   (703)   (788)
Other comprehensive income   26   295
Corporate income tax paid   672   742
Other movements   94   89
(118)   (207)
Assets   376   501
Liabilities   (494)   (708)
As at 31 December   (118)   (207)

g Trading portfolio assets


2017   2016
£m   £m
Debt securities and other eligible bills   51,195   38,804
Equity securities   59,338   38,329
Traded loans   3,140   2,975
Commodities   82   147
Trading portfolio assets   113,755   80,255

h Financial Investments


2017   2016
£m   £m
Available for sale debt securities and other eligible bills   52,020   57,704
Available for sale equity securities   1,834   485
Held to maturity debt securities   5,109   5,176
Financial Investments   58,963   63,365

i Loans and advances to banks and customers


2017   2016
£m   £m
Gross loans and advances to banks   36,209   43,634
Less: allowance for impairment   -   -
Loans and advances to banks   36,209   43,634
Gross loans and advances to customers   370,205   397,403
Less: allowance for impairment   (4,652)   (4,620)
Loans and advances to customers   365,553   392,783


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 403


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


j Derivative financial instruments


Notional contract amount £m   Fair value Assets £m   Liabilities £m
Year ended 31 December 2017
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   35,747,945   237,741   (237,242)
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   175,785   246   (1,103)
Derivative assets/(liabilities)   35,923,730   237,987   (238,345)
Year ended 31 December 2016
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading   36,261,030   345,834   (339,647)
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for risk management   261,314   986   (840)
Derivative assets/(liabilities)   36,522,344   346,820   (340,487)

k Subordinated liabilities


2017   2016
£m   £m
Undated subordinated liabilities   4,192   4,495
Dated subordinated liabilities   20,001   19,376
Total subordinated liabilities   24,193   23,871

l Ordinary shares, share premium, and other equity


Called up share capital, allotted and fully paid
Ordinary share capital £m   Preference share capital £m   Share premium £m   Total share capital and share premium £m   Other equity instruments £m
As at 1 January 2017   2,342   28   12,092   14,462   6,486
AT1 securities issuance   -   -   -   -   2,496
Other movement   -   (9   )   -   (9   )   -
As at 31 December 2017   2,342   19   12,092   14,453   8,982
As at 1 January 2016   2,342   38   12,092   14,472   5,350
AT1 securities issuance   -   -   -   -   1,136
Other movement   -   (10   )   -   (10   )
As at 31 December 2016   2,342   28   12,092   14,462   6,486

Ordinary shares


The issued ordinary share capital of Barclays Bank PLC, as at 31 December 2017, comprised 2,342 million ordinary shares of £1 each (2016: 2,342 million).


Ordinary share capital constitutes 60% (2016: 60%) of total share capital issued.


Preference shares

The issued preference share
capital of Barclays Bank PLC, as at 31 December 2017, comprised 1,000 Sterling Preference Shares of £1 each (2016: 1,000); 31,856 Euro Preference Shares of
€
100 each (2016: 31,856);
58,133 US Dollar Preference Shares of $100 each (2016: 58,133); and 106 million US Dollar Preference Shares of $0.25 each (2016: 161 million). In the first quarter of 2017, 55 million US Dollar Preference Shares of $0.25
each were redeemed. In the fourth quarter of 2017, 20,930 Sterling Preference Shares of £100 each were redeemed.

Preference share capital constitutes 40%
(2016: 40%) of total share capital issued.


404 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


Sterling £1 Preference Shares

1,000 Sterling
cumulative callable preference shares of £1 each (the £1 Preference Shares) were issued on 31 December 2004 at nil premium.

The £1 Preference
Shares entitle the holders thereof to receive Sterling cumulative cash dividends out of distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, semi-annually at a rate reset semi-annually equal to the Sterling interbank offered rate for
six-month
 sterling deposits.

Barclays Bank PLC shall be obliged to pay such dividends if: (1) it has profits available for
the purpose of distribution under the Companies Act 2006 as at each dividend payment date; and (2) it is solvent on the relevant dividend payment date, provided that a capital regulations condition is satisfied on such dividend payment date.
The dividends shall not be due and payable on the relevant dividend payment date except to the extent that Barclays Bank PLC could make such payment and still be solvent immediately thereafter. Barclays Bank PLC shall be considered solvent on any
date if: (1) it is able to pay its debts to senior creditors as they fall due; and (2) its auditors have reported within the previous six months that its assets exceed its liabilities. If Barclays Bank PLC shall not pay, or shall pay only
in part, a dividend for a period of seven days or more after the due date for payment, the holders of the £1 Preference Shares may institute proceedings for the
winding-up
 of Barclays Bank PLC. No remedy
against Barclays Bank PLC shall be available to the holder of any £1 Preference Shares for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of £1 Preference Shares other than the institution of proceedings for the

winding-up
 of Barclays Bank PLC and/or proving in such
winding-up.


On a
winding-up
 or other return of capital (other than a redemption or purchase by Barclays Bank PLC of any of its issued shares, or a reduction of share capital, permitted by the Articles of Barclays Bank PLC and under
applicable law), the assets of Barclays Bank PLC available to shareholders shall be applied in priority to any payment to the holders of ordinary shares and any other class of shares in the capital of Barclays Bank PLC then in issue ranking junior
to the £1 Preference Shares on such a return of capital and pari passu on such a return of capital with the holders of any other class of shares in the capital of Barclays Bank PLC then in issue (other than any class of shares in the capital
of Barclays Bank PLC then in issue ranking in priority to the £1 Preference Shares on a
winding-up
 or other such return of capital), in payment to the holders of the £1 Preference Shares of a sum
equal to the aggregate of: (1) an amount equal to the dividends accrued thereon for the then current dividend period (and any accumulated arrears thereof) to the date of the commencement of the
winding-up

or other such return of capital; and (2) an amount equal to £1 per £1 Preference Share. After payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, the holders of the £1 Preference Shares will
have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of Barclays Bank PLC and will not be entitled to any further participation in such return of capital.

The
£1 Preference Shares are redeemable at the option of Barclays Bank PLC, in whole but not in part only, subject to the Companies Act 2006 and its Articles. Holders of the £1 Preference Shares are not entitled to receive notice of, or to
attend, or vote at, any general meeting of Barclays Bank PLC.

Euro Preference Shares


140,000 Euro 4.75%
non-cumulative
 callable preference shares of
€
100 each
(the 4.75% Preference Shares) were issued on 15 March 2005 for a consideration of
€
1,383.3m (£966.7m), of which the nominal value was

€
14m and the balance was share premium. The 4.75% Preference Shares entitle the holders thereof to receive Euro
non-cumulative
 cash dividends out of
distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, annually at a fixed rate of 4.75% per annum on the amount of
€
10,000 per preference share until 15 March 2020, and thereafter quarterly at a rate
reset quarterly equal to 0.71% per annum above the Euro interbank offered rate for three-month Euro deposits.

The 4.75% Preference Shares are redeemable at the
option of Barclays Bank PLC, in whole but not in part only, on 15 March 2020, and on each dividend payment date thereafter at
€
10,000 per share plus any dividends accrued for the then
current dividend period to the date fixed for redemption.

Sterling Preference Shares


75,000 Sterling 6.0%
non-cumulative
 callable preference shares of £100 each (the 6.0% Preference Shares) were issued on
22 June 2005 for a consideration of £743.7m, of which the nominal value was £7.5m and the balance was share premium. The 6.0% Preference Shares entitle the holders thereof to receive Sterling

non-cumulative
 cash dividends out of distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, annually at a fixed rate of 6.0% per annum on the amount of £10,000 per preference share until 15 December 2017, and
thereafter quarterly at a rate reset quarterly equal to 1.42% per annum above the London interbank offered rate for three-month Sterling deposits.

The 6.0%
Preference Shares were redeemed in full on 15 December 2017.

US Dollar Preference Shares


100,000 US Dollar 6.278%
non-cumulative
 callable preference shares of $100 each (the 6.278% Preference Shares), represented
by 100,000 American Depositary Shares, Series 1, were issued on 8 June 2005 for a consideration of $995.4m (£548.1m), of which the nominal value was $10m and the balance was share premium. The 6.278% Preference Shares entitle the holders
thereof to receive US Dollar
non-cumulative
 cash dividends out of distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, semi-annually at a fixed rate of 6.278% per annum on the amount of $10,000 per preference
share until 15 December 2034, and thereafter quarterly at a rate reset quarterly equal to 1.55% per annum above the London interbank offered rate for three-month US Dollar deposits.


The 6.278% Preference Shares are redeemable at the option of Barclays Bank PLC, in whole but not in part only, on 15 December 2034, and on each dividend payment
date thereafter at $10,000 per share plus any dividends accrued for the then current dividend period to the date fixed for redemption.

55 million
US Dollar 7.1%
non-cumulative
 callable preference shares of $0.25 each (the 7.1% Preference Shares), represented by 55 million American Depositary Shares, Series 3, were issued on 13 September
2007 for a consideration of $1,335m (£657m), of which the nominal value was $13.75m and the balance was share premium. The 7.1% Preference Shares entitle the holders thereof to receive US Dollar

non-cumulative
 cash dividends out of distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, quarterly at a fixed rate of 7.1% per annum on the amount of $25 per preference share.


The 7.1% Preference Shares were redeemed in full on 15 March 2017.


106 million US Dollar 8.125%
non-cumulative
 callable preference shares of $0.25 each (the 8.125% Preference Shares),
represented by 106 million American Depositary Shares, Series 5, were issued on 11 April 2008 and 25 April 2008 for a total consideration of $2,650m (£1,345m), of which the nominal value was $26.5m and the balance was share
premium. The 8.125% Preference Shares entitle the holders thereof to receive US Dollar
non-cumulative
 cash dividends out of distributable profits of Barclays Bank PLC, quarterly at a fixed rate of 8.125%
per annum on the amount of $25 per preference share.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 405


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


The 8.125% Preference Shares are redeemable at the option of Barclays Bank PLC, in whole or in part, on any dividend payment date at $25 per share plus any dividends
accrued for the then current dividend period to the date fixed for redemption.

No redemption or purchase of any 4.75% Preference Shares, the 6.278% Preference
Shares and the 8.125% Preference Shares (together, the Preference Shares) may be made by Barclays Bank PLC without the prior approval of the UK PRA and any such redemption will be subject to the Companies Act 2006 and the Articles of Barclays Bank
PLC.

On a
winding-up
 of Barclays Bank PLC or other return of capital (other than a redemption or purchase of shares of
Barclays Bank PLC, or a reduction of share capital), a holder of Preference Shares will rank in the application of assets of Barclays Bank PLC available to shareholders: (1) junior to the holder of any shares of Barclays Bank PLC in issue
ranking in priority to the Preference Shares; (2) equally in all respects with holders of other preference shares and any other shares of Barclays Bank PLC in issue ranking pari passu with the Preference Shares; and (3) in priority to the
holders of ordinary shares and any other shares of Barclays Bank PLC in issue ranking junior to the Preference Shares.

The holders of the £13m 6% Callable
Perpetual Core Tier One Notes and the $569m 6.86% Callable Perpetual Core Tier One Notes of Barclays Bank PLC (together, the TONs) and the holders of the £35m 5.3304%
Step-up
 Callable Perpetual Reserve
Capital Instruments, the £33m 6.3688%
Step-up
 Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital Instruments and the £3,000m 14%
Step-up
 Callable Perpetual Reserve Capital
Instruments of Barclays Bank PLC (together, the RCIs) would, for the purposes only of calculating the amounts payable in respect of such securities on a
winding-up
 of Barclays Bank PLC, subject to limited
exceptions and to the extent that the TONs and the RCIs are then in issue, rank pari passu with the holders of the most senior class or classes of preference shares then in issue in the capital of Barclays Bank PLC. Accordingly, the holders of the
preference shares would rank equally with the holders of such TONs and RCIs on such a
winding-up
 of Barclays Bank PLC (unless one or more classes of shares of Barclays Bank PLC ranking in priority to the
preference shares are in issue at the time of such
winding-up,
 in which event the holders of such TONs and RCIs would rank equally with the holders of such shares and in priority to the holders of the
preference shares).

Subject to such ranking, in such event, holders of the preference shares will be entitled to receive out of assets of Barclays Bank PLC
available for distributions to shareholders, liquidating distributions in the amount of
€
10,000 per 4.75% Preference Share, $10,000 per 6.278% Preference Share, $25 per 6.625% Preference Share
and $0.25 per 8.125% Preference Share, plus, in each case, an amount equal to the accrued dividend for the then current dividend period to the date of the commencement of the
winding-up
 or other such return of
capital. If a dividend is not paid in full on any preference shares on any dividend payment date, then a dividend restriction shall apply.

This dividend restriction
will mean that neither Barclays Bank PLC nor Barclays PLC may (a) declare or pay a dividend (other than payment by Barclays PLC of a final dividend declared by its shareholders prior to the relevant dividend payment date, or a dividend paid by
Barclays Bank PLC to Barclays PLC or to a wholly owned subsidiary) on any of their respective ordinary shares, other preference shares or other share capital or (b) redeem, purchase, reduce or otherwise acquire any of their respective share
capital, other than shares of Barclays Bank PLC held by Barclays PLC or a wholly owned subsidiary, until the earlier of: (1) the date on which Barclays Bank PLC next declares and pays in full a preference dividend; and (2) the date on or
by which all the preference shares are redeemed in full or purchased by Barclays Bank PLC.

Holders of the preference shares are not entitled to receive notice of,
or to attend, or vote at, any general meeting of Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC is not permitted to create a class of shares ranking as regards participation in the profits or assets of Barclays Bank PLC in priority to the preference shares,
save with the sanction of a special resolution of a separate general meeting of the holders of the preference shares (requiring a majority of not less than three-fourths of the holders of the preference shares voting at the separate general meeting)
or with the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the preference shares.

Except as described above, the holders of the preference shares have no
right to participate in the surplus assets of Barclays Bank PLC.

Other equity instruments


Other equity instruments of £8,082m (2016: £6,486m) include AT1 securities issued by Barclays Bank PLC. In 2017, there were two issuances of Fixed Rate
Resetting Perpetual Subordinated Contingent Convertible Securities, with principal amounts totals to £2.5bn.

The AT1 securities are perpetual securities with
no fixed maturity and are structured to qualify as AT1 instruments under CRD IV.

Other shareholders’ equity


The Group   The Bank
2017   2016   2017   2016
£m   £m   £m   £m
As at 1 January   271   485   335   549
Redemption   -   (214   )   -   (214   )
As at 31 December   271   271   335   335

Included in other shareholders’ equity are capital notes which bear interest at rates fixed periodically in advance, based on London
interbank rates. These notes are repayable in each case, at the option of the Bank, in whole on any interest payment date. The Bank is not obliged to make a payment of interest on its capital notes if, in the preceding six months, a dividend has not
been declared or paid on any class of shares of Barclays PLC.


406 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


m Reserves

Currency
translation reserve

The currency translation reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on the retranslation of the Group’s net investment in
foreign operations, net of the effects of hedging.

Available for sale reserve


The available for sale reserve represents the unrealised change in the fair value of available for sale investments since initial recognition.


Cash flow hedging reserve

The cash flow hedging
reserve represents the cumulative gains and losses on effective cash flow hedging instruments that will be recycled to the income statement when the hedged transactions affect profit or loss.


Own credit reserve

As a result of the early
adoption of the own credit provisions of IFRS 9 on 1 January 2017, own credit on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit and loss which was previously recorded in the income statement is now recognised within other
comprehensive income. Amounts in the own credit reserve is not recycled to profit or loss in future periods.

Other reserves and other
shareholders’ equity

Other reserves relate to redeemed ordinary and preference shares issued by the group.


Included in other shareholders’ equity are capital notes which bear interest at rates fixed periodically in advance, based on London interbank rates. These notes
are repayable in each case, at the option of the Bank, in whole on any interest payment date. The Bank is not obliged to make payment of interest on its capital notes if, in the preceding six months, a dividend has not been declared or paid on any
class of shares of Barclays PLC.


2017   2016
£m   £m
Currency translation reserve   3,084   3,054
Available for sale reserve   396   (22)
Cash flow hedging reserve   184   954
Own credit reserve a   (179)   -
Other reserves and treasury shares   323   309
Total   3,808   4,295

Note


a   As at 31 December 2017, the amount of own credit recognized in the Group’s other comprehensive income was a debit balance of £179m. Upon adoption of IFRS 9, an opening debit balance of £175m was
recognized, with a further £4m loss (net of tax) recorded during 2017.

n

Non-controlling
 interests


Profit attributable to Non- Controlling interest   Equity attributable to Non- Controlling interest   Dividends paid to Non- Controlling interest
2017   2016   2017   2016   2017   2016
£m   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Barclays Africa Group Limited   140   402   -   3,507   173   235
Other non-controlling interests   4   3   1   15   -   -
Total   144   405   1   3,522   173   235

o Dividends on ordinary shares


Ordinary dividends were paid to enable Barclays PLC to fund its dividend to shareholders.


The 2017 financial statements include £674m (2016: £638m) of dividend paid. This includes the final dividend declared in relation to the prior year of
£165m (2016: £502m), interim dividends of £208m (2016: £119m) and an additional £301m dividend paid to Barclays PLC which was then contributed to Group Service Company. These result in a total dividend for the year of
29p (2016: 27p) per ordinary share.

Dividends paid on the 4.75%
€
100 preference shares amounted to
£415.65 per share (2016: £370.20). Dividends paid on the 6.278% US$100 preference shares amounted to £483.37 per share (2016: £467.05). Dividends paid on the 8.125% US$0.25 preference shares amounted to £1.58 per share
(2016:


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 407


Barclays Bank PLC data


Notes to the accounts


£1.49). Dividends paid on the 6.0% £100 preference shares amounted to £600.00 per share (2016: £600.00) which was redeemed during the year.
Dividends paid on the 7.1% US$0.25 preference shares amounted to £0.36 per share (2016: £1.30) which was redeemed during the year.

Dividends paid on
preference shares amounted to £242m (2016: £339m). Dividends paid on other equity instruments amounted to £639m (2016: £462m).

p Capital

The Barclays Bank PLC Group’s policies and objectives for managing capital are the same as those for the Barclays PLC
Group, disclosed on page 346.

The table below provides details of the Barclays Bank PLC Group at 31 December 2017.


Regulatory
capital   2017
£m
Fully loaded Common Equity Tier 1 capital   45,232
PRA transitional tier 1 capital   58,325
PRA transitional total regulatory capital   73,339

q Segmental reporting


Segmental reporting by Barclays Bank PLC is the same as that presented in the Barclays PLC financial statements, except for:


–   the difference in profit before tax of £0.4bn (2016: £1.2bn) between Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC is included in the Head Office Functions; and


–   the difference in total assets of £3.9bn (2016: £0.9bn) is mainly due to transfer of PPE and Intangible assets to Barclays PLC and the loan notes issued by Barclays Bank PLC to fund the derivatives in
Barclays PLC.

r Related Parties


The aggregate emoluments of all Directors and Officers of Barclays Bank PLC who held office during the year (2017: 30 persons, 2016: 33 persons, 2015: 33 persons) for the
year ended 31 December 2017 amounted to £88.7m (2016: £71.3m; 2015: £52.5m). In addition, the aggregate amount set aside by the Bank and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2017, to provide pension benefits
for the Directors and Officers amounted to £0.1m (2016: £0.2m; 2015: £0.3m).


408 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Additional Financial data


Selected financial statistics   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
%   %   %   %   %
Return on average shareholders’ equity a   (3.3)   4.5   0.9   0.1   1.7
Return on average total assets b   (0.2)   0.2   -   -   0.1
Average shareholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets   5.0   5.1   4.9   4.6   3.9


2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Selected income statement data   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Continuing operations
Interest income   13,631   14,423   13,947   14,200   14,361
Interest expense   (3,883)   (2,966)   (2,584)   (4,056)   (4,851)
Non-interest income   11,189   11,012   11,445   11,665   14,553
Operating expenses   (15,689)   (16,348)   (18,536)   (18,178)   (19,534)
Impairment charges   (2,336)   (2,373)   (1,762)   (1,821)   (2,601)
Share of post-tax results of associates and joint ventures   70   70   41   28   (65)
Profit on disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures   184   565   (637)   (473)   6
Gain on acquisitions   -   -   -   -   26
Profit before tax   3,166   4,383   1,914   1,365   1,896
Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent   (1,937)   2,867   566   85   963


2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
Selected balance sheet data   £m   £m   £m   £m   £m
Total shareholders’ equity   56,751   60,947   64,105   59,444   58,931
Subordinated liabilities   24,193   23,871   21,955   21,685   22,249
Deposits from banks, customer accounts and debt securities in issue   536,718   548,286   534,537   572,357   574,340
Loans and advances to banks and customers   401,762   436,417   441,046   470,424   474,059
Total assets   1,129,343   1,213,955   1,120,727   1,358,693   1,344,201

Notes


a   Return on average shareholders’ equity represents profit attributable to the equity holders of the parent as a percentage of average shareholders’ equity.


b   Return on average total assets represents profit attributable to the equity holders of the parent as a percentage of average total assets.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 409


Additional Financial data


Ratio of earnings to fixed charges – Barclays Bank Plc   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(In £m except for ratios)
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges
Fixed charges
Interest expense   3,883   2,966   2,584   4,056   4,851
Rental expense   118   204   157   207   219
Total fixed charges   4,001   3,170   2,741   4,263   5,070
Earnings
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests   3,166   4,383   1,914   1,365   1,896
Less: unremitted pre-tax income of associated companies and joint ventures   (68   )   (53   )   (26   )   (34   )   102
Total earnings excluding fixed charges   3,098   4,330   1,888   1,331   1,998
Fixed charges   4,001   3,170   2,741   4,263   5,070
Total earnings including fixed charges   7,099   7,500   4,629   5,594   7,068
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges   1.77   2.37   1.69   1.31   1.39
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges and preference shares – Barclays Bank Plc   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(In £m except for ratios)
Combined fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations
Interest expense   3,883   2,966   2,584   4,056   4,851
Rental expense   118   204   157   207   219
Fixed charges   4,001   3,170   2,741   4,263   5,070
Preference share dividends and similar appropriations   242   343   345   443   412
Total fixed charges   4,243   3,513   3,086   4,706   5,482
Earnings
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests   3,166   4,383   1,914   1,365   1,896
Less: unremitted pre-tax income of associated companies and joint ventures   (68   )   (53   )   (26   )   (34   )   102
Total earnings excluding fixed charges   3,098   4,330   1,888   1,331   1,998
Fixed charges   4,243   3,513   3,086   4,706   5,482
Total earnings including fixed charges   7,341   7,843   4,974   6,037   7,480
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations   1.73   2.23   1.61   1.28   1.36


410 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


Glossary of terms


‘A-IRB’
 / ‘Advanced-Internal Ratings Based’
 See ‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’.

‘ABS CDO Super
Senior’
 Super senior tranches of debt linked to collateralised debt obligations of asset backed securities (defined below). Payment of super senior tranches takes priority over other
obligations.

‘Acceptances and endorsements’

An acceptance is an undertaking by a bank to pay a bill of exchange drawn on a customer. The Group expects most acceptances to be presented, but reimbursement by the customer is normally immediate. Endorsements are residual liabilities of the Group
in respect of bills of exchange which have been paid and subsequently rediscounted.

‘Additional Tier 1
(AT1) capital’
 In the context of CRD IV, a type of capital as defined in the Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR).


‘Additional Tier 1 (AT1) securities’
 Securities that are
treated as additional tier 1 (AT1) capital in the context of CRD IV.

‘Advanced Measurement
Approach’
 Under CRD IV, operational risk charges can be calculated by using one of three methods (or approaches) that increase in sophistication and risk sensitivity: (i) the Basic
Indicator Approach; (ii) the Standardised Approach; and (iii) the Advanced Measurement Approach (AMA). Under the AMA the banks are allowed to develop their own empirical model to quantify required capital for operational risk. Banks can only
use this approach subject to approval from their local regulators.

‘Agencies’
 Bonds issued by state and / or government agencies or government-sponsored entities.

‘Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities’
 Mortgage-Backed Securities issued by government-sponsored entities.


‘All price risk (APR)’
 An estimate of all the material
market risks, including rating migration and default for the correlation trading portfolio.

‘American
Depository Receipts (ADR)’
 A negotiable certificate that represents the ownership of shares in a
non-US
 company (for example Barclays) trading in US
financial markets.


‘Americas’

Geographic segment comprising the USA, Canada and countries where Barclays operates within Latin America.


‘Annual Earnings at Risk (AEaR)’
 A measure of the
potential change in Net Interest Income (NII) due to an adverse interest rate movements over a predefined time horizon.

‘Application scorecards’
 Algorithm based decision tools used to aid business decisions and manage credit risk based on available customer data
at the point of application for a product.

‘Arrears’
 Customers are said to be in arrears when they are behind in fulfilling their obligations with the result that an outstanding loan is unpaid or overdue. Such customers are also said to be in a state of
delinquency. When a customer is in arrears, their entire outstanding balance is said to be delinquent, meaning that delinquent balances are the total outstanding loans on which payments are overdue.


‘Arrears Managed Accounts’
 Arrears Managed Accounts are
principally Business Lending customers in arrears with an exposure limit less than £50,000 in the UK and
€
100,000 in Europe, supervised using processes designed to manage a
homogeneous set of assets.

‘Asia’
 Geographic
segment comprising countries where Barclays operates within Asia and the Middle East.

‘Asset Backed
Commercial Paper’
 Typically short-term notes secured on specified assets issued by consolidated special purpose entities for funding purposes.


‘Asset Backed Securities (ABS)’
 Securities that
represent an interest in an underlying pool of referenced assets. The referenced pool can comprise any assets which attract a set of associated cash flows but are commonly pools of residential or commercial mortgages and, in the case of
Collateralised Debt Obligations (CDOs), the referenced pool may be ABS or other classes of assets.


‘Attributable profit’
 Profit after tax that is
attributable to ordinary equity holders of Barclays PLC adjusted for the after tax amounts of capital securities classified as equity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 411


Glossary of terms


‘Average allocated tangible shareholders equity’
 Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end allocated tangible shareholders’ equity and the current month’s period end allocated tangible shareholders’ equity. The
average allocated tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter / year is the average of the monthly averages within that quarter / year.

‘Average tangible shareholders equity’
 Calculated as the average of the previous month’s period end tangible shareholders’ equity
and the current month’s period end tangible shareholders’ equity. The average tangible shareholders’ equity for the quarter / year is the average of the monthly averages within that quarter / year.


‘Back testing’
 Includes a number of techniques that
assess the continued statistical validity of a model by simulating how the model would have predicted recent experience.

‘BAGL’ or ‘Barclays Africa’
 Barclays Africa Group Limited, which was previously a subsidiary of the Group. Following a sell down of
shares resulting in a loss of control, the Group’s shareholding in BAGL is now classified as an Available for Sale asset.

‘Balance weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio’
 In the context of the credit risk disclosures on secured home loans, a means of calculating
marked to market LTVs derived by calculating individual LTVs at account level and weighting it by the balances to arrive at the average position. Balance weighted loan to value is calculated using the following formula: LTV = ((loan balance 1 x MTM
LTV% for loan 1) + (loan balance 2 x MTM LTV% for loan 2) + ... ) / total outstandings in portfolio.


‘The Bank’
 Barclays Bank PLC.


‘Barclaycard’
 An international consumer payments
business serving the needs of businesses and consumers through credit cards, consumer lending, merchant acquiring, commercial cards and point of sale finance. Barclaycard has scaled operations in UK, US, Germany and Scandinavia.


‘Barclays Operating businesses’
 The core Barclays
businesses operated by Barclays UK (which include the UK Personal business, the small UK Corporate and UK Wealth businesses and the Barclaycard UK consumer credit cards business) and Barclays International (which include the large UK Corporate
business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the


Investment Bank; the international Barclaycard business; and Barclaycard Business Solutions).

‘Barclays Direct’
 A Barclays brand, comprising the savings and mortgage businesses.


‘Barclays International’
 The division of Barclays which
will not ultimately be ring-fenced as part of regulatory ring fencing requirements. The division includes the large UK Corporate business; the international Corporate and Wealth businesses; the Investment Bank; the international Barclaycard
business (consisting of the US, German and Nordic consumer credit cards businesses); and Barclaycard Business Solutions (including merchant acquiring).

‘Barclays
Non-Core’
 The previously reported unit comprising of a group of businesses and assets that
were exited or run down by Barclays, which was closed in 2017.

‘Barclays UK’
 The division of Barclays which will be ring-fenced as part of regulatory ring fencing requirements. The division includes the UK Personal business; the small UK Corporate and UK Wealth businesses; and
the Barclaycard UK consumer credit cards business.

‘Basel 3’
 The third of the Basel Accords on banking supervision. Developed in response to the financial crisis of 2008, setting new requirements on composition of capital, counterparty credit risk, liquidity and
leverage ratios.

‘Basel Committee of Banking Supervisors (BCBS or The Basel Committee)’
 A forum for regular cooperation on banking supervisory matters which develops global supervisory standards for the banking industry. Its members are officials from central banks or prudential supervisors
from 27 countries and territories.

‘Basis point(s)’ / ‘bp(s)’
 One hundredth of a per cent (0.01%); 100 basis points is 1%. The measure is used in quoting movements in interest rates, yields on securities and for other purposes.


‘Basis risk’
 Index/Tenor risk, that arises when floating
rate products are linked to different interest rate indices, which are imperfectly correlated, especially under stressed market conditions.


412 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Behavioural scorecards’
 Algorithm based decision tools used to aid business decisions and manage credit risk based on existing customer data derived from account usage.


‘Book quality’
 In the context of the Funding Risk,
Capital Risk section, changes in RWAs caused by factors such as underlying customer behaviour or demographics leading to changes in risk profile.

‘Book size’
 In the context of the Funding Risk, Capital Risk section, changes in RWAs driven by business activity, including net originations
or repayments.

‘Businesses’
 In the context
of
Non-Core
 Analysis of Total income, Barclays Non Core businesses comprise ongoing businesses seeking to be
sold-off
 or run down including Europe retail and
non-core
 elements of the Investment Bank and other non strategic businesses.


‘Business Lending’
 Business Lending in Barclays UK that
primarily relates to small and medium enterprises typically with exposures up to £3m or with a turnover up to £5m.

‘Business scenario stresses’
 Multi asset scenario analysis of extreme, but plausible events that may impact the market risk exposures of the
Investment Bank.

‘Buy to let mortgage’
 A
mortgage where the intention of the customer (investor) was to let the property at origination.

‘Capital
Conservation Buffer (CCB)’
 Common Equity Tier 1 capital required to be held under CRD IV to ensure that banks build up surplus capital outside periods of stress which can be drawn down if
losses are incurred.

‘Capital deduction approach’
 An approach available to institutions when calculating risk-weighted assets for securitisation exposures. It is the same as a deduction from capital where the most punitive risk weight of 1250% is applied
(assuming 8% Capital Adequacy ratio).

‘Capital ratios’
 Key financial ratios measuring the Group’s capital adequacy or financial strength. These include the CET1 ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio and Total capital ratio.


‘Capital requirements’
 Amount to be held by the Group to cover the risk of losses to a certain confidence level.

‘Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR)’
 Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, which accompanies CRD IV and sets out detailed rules for capital
eligibility, the calculation of RWAs, the measurement of leverage, the management of large exposures and minimum standards for liquidity.

‘Capital requirements on the underlying exposures (KIRB)’
 An approach available to banks when calculating risk weighted assets (RWA) for
securitisation exposures. This is based upon the RWA amounts that would be calculated under the IRB approach for the underlying pool of securitised exposures in the program, had such exposures not been securitised.


‘Capital resources’
 Financial instruments on balance
sheet that are eligible to satisfy capital requirements.

‘Central Counterparty’ / ‘Central
Clearing Counterparties (CCPs)’
 A clearing house mediating between the buyer and the seller in a financial transaction, such as a derivative contract or repurchase agreement (repo). Where a
central counterparty is used, a single
bi-lateral
 contract between the buyer and seller is replaced with two contracts, one between the buyer and the CCP and one between the CCP and the seller. The use of CCPs
allows for greater oversight and improved credit risk mitigation in
over-the-counter
 (OTC) markets.


‘Charge-off’
 In
the retail segment this refers to the point in time when collections activity changes from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the full balance. This is normally when six payments are in arrears.


‘Charges
add-on
 and non VaR’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, any additional Market Risk not captured within Modelled VaR, including Incremental Risk Charges and Correlation Risk.


‘Client Assets’
 Assets managed or administered by
Barclays on behalf of clients including assets under management (AUM), custody assets, assets under administration and client deposits.

‘CLOs and Other insured assets’
 Highly rated CLO positions wrapped by monolines,
non-CLOs
 wrapped by
monolines and other assets wrapped with Credit Support Annex (CSA) protection.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 413


Glossary of terms


‘Collateralised Debt Obligation (CDO)’
 Securities issued by a third party which reference Asset Backed Securities (ABSs) (defined above) and/or certain other related assets purchased by the issuer. CDOs may feature exposure to
sub-prime
 mortgage assets through the underlying assets.


‘Collateralised Loan Obligation (CLO)’
 A security backed
by the repayments from a pool of commercial loans. The payments may be made to different classes of owners (in tranches).

‘Collateralised Mortgage Obligation (CMO)’
 A type of security backed by mortgages. A special purpose entity receives income from the mortgages
and passes them on to investors of the security.

‘Collectively assessed impairment
allowances’
 Impairment of financial assets is measured collectively where a portfolio comprises homogenous assets and where appropriate statistical techniques are available.


‘Combined Buffer Requirement’
 In the context of the CRD
IV capital obligations, the combined requirements of the Capital Conservation Buffer, the GSII Buffer, the OSII buffer, the Systemic Risk buffer and an institution specific counter-cyclical buffer.


‘Commercial paper (CP)’
 Short-term notes issued by
entities, including banks, for funding purposes.

‘Commercial real estate (CRE)’
 Commercial real estate includes office buildings, industrial property, medical centres, hotels, retail stores, shopping centres, farm land, multifamily housing buildings, warehouses, garages, and industrial
properties and other similar properties. Commercial real estate loans are loans backed by a package of commercial real estate. Note: for the purposes of the Credit Risk section, the UK CRE portfolio includes property investment, development, trading
and housebuilders but excludes social housing contractors.

‘Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the
Treadway Commission Framework (COSO)’
 A joint initiative of five private sector organisations dedicated to providing development of frameworks and guidance on enterprise risk management,
internal control and fraud deterrence.


‘Commodity derivatives’
 Exchange traded and
over-the-counter
 (OTC) derivatives based on an underlying commodity (e.g. metals, precious metals, oil and
oil related, power and natural gas).

‘Commodity risk’
 Measures the impact of changes in commodity prices and volatilities, including the basis between related commodities (e.g. Brent vs. WTI crude prices).


‘Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital’
 In the context of
CRD IV, a type of capital as defined by the Capital Requirements Regulation, predominantly consisting of common equity.

‘Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio’
 A measure of the Group’s Common Equity Tier 1 capital as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets under
CRD IV. The Group must meet a prescribed ratio.

‘Compensation: income ratio’
 The ratio of compensation expense over total income. Compensation represents total staff costs less
non-compensation
 items consisting of outsourcing, bank payroll
tax, staff training, redundancy costs and retirement costs.

‘Comprehensive Risk Measure
(CRM)’
 An estimate of all the material market risks, including rating migration and default for the correlation trading portfolio. Also referred to as All Price Risk (APR) and Comprehensive
Risk Capital Charge (CRCC).

‘Constant Currency Basis’
 Excluding the impact of foreign currency conversion to GBP when comparing financial results in two different financial periods.


‘Contingent capital notes (CCNs)’
 Interest bearing debt
securities issued by Barclays PLC or its subsidiaries that are either permanently written off or converted into an equity instrument from the issuer’s perspective in the event of the Group’s core tier 1 (CT1) or Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
ratio, as appropriate, falling below a specified level.

‘Core deposit intangibles’
 Premium paid to acquire the deposit base of an institution.


‘Correlation risk’
 Refers to the change in marked to
market value of a security when the correlation between the underlying assets changes over time.


414 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB)’
 Barclays Corporate and Investment Banking businesses which form part of Barclays International.

‘Cost:
 income ratio’ Operating expenses divided by total income.


‘Cost of Equity’
 The rate of return targeted by the
equity holders of a company.

‘Cost: net operating income ratio’
 Operating expenses compared to total income less credit impairment charges and other provisions.

‘Cost to Achieve (CTA)’

Non-recurring
 investment in initiatives to drive cost and business efficiency
across Barclays through rightsizing, industrialisation and innovation.

‘Cost to income jaws’
 Relationship of the percentage change movement in operating expenses relative to total income.

‘Counter-Cyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB)’
 CET1 Capital that is required to be held under CRD IV rules to ensure that banks build up surplus
capital when macroeconomic conditions indicate areas of the economy are overheating.

‘Countercyclical
leverage ratio buffer (CCLB)’
 A macroprudential buffer that applies to all Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) regulated institutions from 2018 and is calculated at 35% of any risk
weighted countercyclical capital buffer set by the Financial Policy Committee (FPC). The CCLB applies in addition to the minimum of 3% and any
G-SII
 additional Leverage Ratio Buffer that applies.


‘Counterparty credit risk’
 In the context of
Risk Weighted Assets, a component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss in derivatives, repurchase agreements and similar transactions resulting from the default of the counterparty.


‘Coverage ratio’
 In the context of the Credit risk
disclosures, impairment allowances as a percentage of Credit Risk Loan balances.

‘Covered
bonds’
 Debt securities backed by a portfolio of mortgages that are segregated from the issuer’s other assets solely for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds.


‘CRD IV’

The Fourth Capital Requirements Directive, an EU Directive and an accompanying Regulation (CRR) that together prescribe EU capital adequacy and liquidity requirements and implements Basel 3 in the European Union.


’Credit conversion factor (CCF)’
 Factor used to estimate
the risk from
off-balance
 sheet commitments for the purpose of calculating the total Exposure at Default (EAD) used to calculate Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs).


‘Credit default swaps (CDS)’
 A contract under which the
protection seller receives premiums or interest-related payments in return for contracting to make payments to the protection buyer in the event of a defined credit event. Credit events normally include bankruptcy, payment default on a reference
asset or assets, or downgrades by a rating agency.

‘Credit derivatives (CDs)’
 An arrangement whereby the credit risk of an asset (the reference asset) is transferred from the buyer to the seller of the protection.


‘Credit impairment charges’
 Also known as ‘credit
impairment’. Impairment charges on loans and advances to customers and banks and impairment charges on available for sale assets and reverse repurchase agreements.


‘Credit market exposures’
 Assets and other instruments
relating to commercial real estate and leveraged finance businesses that have been significantly impacted by the deterioration in the global credit markets. The exposures include positions subject to fair value movements in the Income Statement,
positions that are classified as loans and advances and available for sale and other assets.

‘Credit
Products’
 Represents credit products and Securitised Products.

‘Credit quality step’
 In the context of the Standardised Approach to calculating credit risk RWAs, a “credit quality assessment
scale” maps the credit assessments of a recognised credit rating agency or export credit agency to credit quality steps that determine the risk weight to be applied to an exposure.


‘Credit Rating’
 An evaluation of the
creditworthiness of an entity seeking to enter into a credit agreement.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 415


Glossary of terms


‘Credit
risk’
 The risk of the Group suffering financial loss if a counterparty fails to fulfil its contractual obligations to the Group under a loan agreement or similar. In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, it is the component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss in loans and advances and similar transactions resulting from the default of the counterparty.


‘Credit Risk Loans (CRLs)’
 A loan becomes a credit risk
loan when evidence of deterioration has been observed, for example a missed payment or other breach of covenant. A loan may be reported in one of three categories: (i) impaired loans; (ii) accruing past due 90 days or more; and
(iii) impaired or restructured loans. These may include loans which, while impaired, are still performing but have associated individual impairment allowances raised against them.


‘Credit risk mitigation’
 A range of techniques and
strategies to actively mitigate credit risks to which the bank is exposed. These can be broadly divided into three types; collateral, netting and
set-off,
 and risk transfer.


‘Credit spread’
 The premium over the benchmark or
risk-free rate required by the market to accept a lower credit quality.

‘Credit Valuation Adjustment
(CVA)’
 The difference between the risk-free value of a portfolio of trades and the market value which takes into account the counterparty’s risk of default. The CVA therefore
represents an estimate of the adjustment to fair value that a market participant would make to incorporate the credit risk of the counterparty due to any failure to perform on contractual agreements.


‘CRL Coverage’
 Impairment allowances as a percentage of
total CRL (See ‘Credit Risk Loans’). Also known as the ‘CRL coverage ratio’.

‘CRR
leverage exposure’
 Is calculated in accordance with article 429 as per the CRR which was amended effective from January 2015.


‘CRR leverage ratio’
 As per the CRR which was amended
effective from January 2015, is calculated as the using the
end-point
 CRR definition of Tier 1 capital for the numerator and the CRR definition of leverage exposure as the denominator.


‘Customer assets’
 Represents loans and advances to customers. Average balances are calculated as the sum of all daily balances for the year to date divided by number of days in the year to date.


‘Customer deposits’
 In the context of Funding Risk,
Liquidity Risk section, money deposited by all individuals and companies that are not credit institutions. Such funds are recorded as liabilities in the Group’s balance sheet under Customer Accounts.


‘Customer liabilities’
 Customer deposits.


‘Customer net interest income’
 The sum of customer asset
and customer liability net interest income. Customer net interest income reflects interest related to customer assets and liabilities only and does not include any interest on securities or other
non-customer

assets and liabilities.

‘CVA volatility
charge’
 The volatility charge added to exposures that adjusts for
mid-market
 valuation on a portfolio of transactions with a counterparty. This is to
reflect the current market value of the credit risk associated with the counterparty to the Bank. The charge is prescribed by the CRR.

‘Daily Value at Risk (DVaR)’
 A measure of the potential loss of value arising from unfavourable market movements at a specific confidence
level, if current positions were to be held unchanged for one business day.

‘DBRS’
 A credit rating agency.

‘Debit Valuation Adjustment
(DVA)’
 The opposite of Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA). It is the difference between the risk-free value of a portfolio of trades and the market value which takes into account the
Group’s risk of default. The DVA, therefore, represents an estimate of the adjustment to fair value that a market participant would make to incorporate the credit risk of the Group due to any failure to perform on contractual obligations. The
DVA decreases the value of a liability to take into account a reduction in the remaining balance that would be settled should the Group default or not perform any contractual obligations.


‘Debt
buy-backs’

Purchases of the Group’s issued debt securities, including equity accounted instruments, leading to their
de-recognition
 from the balance sheet.


416 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Debt securities in issue’
 Transferable securities evidencing indebtedness of the Group. These are liabilities of the Group and include certificates of deposit and commercial paper.


‘Default grades’
 Barclays classify ranges of default
probabilities into a set of 21 intervals called default grades, in order to distinguish differences in the probability of default risk.

‘Default fund contributions’
 The amount of contribution made by members of a central counterparty (CCP). All members are required to
contribute to this fund in advance of using a CCP. The default fund can be used by the CCP to cover losses incurred by the CCP where losses are greater than the margins provided by that member.


‘Derivatives’
 In the context of
Non-Core
 Analysis of Total income, Derivatives comprise non strategic businesses from the
non-core
 Investment Bank


‘Derivatives netting’
 Adjustments applied across asset
and liability
mark-to-market
 derivative positions pursuant to legally enforceable bilateral netting agreements and eligible cash collateral received in derivative
transactions that meet the requirements of BCBS 270.

‘Diversification effect’
 Reflects the fact the risk of a diversified portfolio is smaller than the sum of the risks of its constituent parts. It is measured as the sum of the individual asset class DVaR (see above) estimates less
the total DVaR.

‘Dodd-Frank Act (DFA)’
 The
US Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.

‘Early warning lists
(EWL)’
 Categorisations for wholesale customers used to identify at an early stage those customers where it is believed that difficulties may develop, allowing timely corrective action to be
taken. There are three categories of EWL, with risk increasing from EWL 1 (caution) to EWL 2 (medium) and EWL 3 (high). It is expected that most cases would be categorised EWL 1 before moving to 2 or 3, but it is recognised that some cases may be
categorised to EWL 2 or 3 directly.

‘Early Warning List (EWL) Managed accounts’
 EWL Managed accounts are Business Lending customers that exceed the Arrears Managed Accounts limits and are monitored with standard processes that record heightened levels of risk through an EWL grading.


‘Earnings per Share contribution’
 The attributable profit or loss generated by a particular business or segment divided by the weighted average number of Barclays shares in issue to illustrate on a per share basis how that business or
segment contributes total earnings per share.

‘Economic Value of Equity (EVE)’
 A measure of the potential change in value of expected future cash flows due to an adverse interest rate movement, based on existing balance sheet
run-off
 profile.


‘Encumbrance’
 The use of assets to secure
liabilities, such as by way of a lien or charge.

‘Enterprise Risk Management Framework
(ERMF)’
 Barclays risk management responsibilities are laid out in the Enterprise Risk Management Framework, which describes how Barclays identifies and manages risk. The framework
identifies the principal risks faced by the Group; sets out risk appetite requirements; sets out roles and responsibilities for risk management; and sets out risk committee structure.


‘Equities’
 Trading businesses encompassing Cash
Equities, Equity Derivatives & Equity Financing

‘Equity and stock index
derivatives’
 Derivatives whose value is derived from equity securities. This category includes equity and stock index swaps and options (including warrants, which are equity options listed
on an exchange). The Group also enters into fund-linked derivatives, being swaps and options whose underlyings include mutual funds, hedge funds, indices and multi-asset portfolios. An equity swap is an agreement between two parties to exchange
periodic payments, based upon a notional principal amount, with one side paying fixed or floating interest and the other side paying based on the actual return of the stock or stock index. An equity option provides the buyer with the right, but not
the obligation, either to purchase or sell a specified stock, basket of stocks or stock index at a specified price or level on or before a specified date.

‘Equity risk’
 In the context of trading book capital requirements, the risk of change in market value of an equity investment.


‘Equity structural hedge’
 An interest rate hedge in
place to reduce earnings volatility of the overnight / short term equity investment and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 417


Glossary of terms


‘Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)’
 A benchmark interest rate at which banks can borrow funds from other banks in the European interbank market.

‘Europe’
 Geographic segment comprising countries in which Barclays operates within the EU (excluding UK), Northern Continental and Eastern
Europe.

‘European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA)’
 An independent European Supervisory Authority with the remit of enhancing the protection of investors and reinforcing stable and well-functioning financial markets in the European Union.


‘Expected losses’
 The Group’s measure of
anticipated losses for exposures captured under an internal ratings based credit risk approach for capital adequacy calculations. It is measured as the Barclays modelled view of anticipated losses based on Probability of Default (PD), Loss Given
Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD), with a one year time horizon.

’Expert lender
models’
 Models of risk measures that are used for parts of the portfolio where the risk drivers are specific to a particular counterparty, but where there is insufficient data to support
the construction of a statistical model. These models utilise the knowledge of credit experts that have in depth experience of the specific customer type being modelled.


‘Exposure’
 Generally refers to positions or actions
taken by the firm, or consequences thereof, that may put a certain amount of a bank’s resources at risk.


‘Exposure at Default (EAD)’
 The estimation of the extent
to which Barclays may be exposed to a customer or counterparty in the event of, and at the time of, that counterparty’s default. At default, the customer may not have drawn the loan fully or may already have repaid some of the principal, so
that exposure may be less than the approved loan limit.

‘External Credit Assessment Institutions
(ECAI)’
 Institutions whose credit assessments may be used by credit institutions for the determination of risk weight exposures according to CRD IV.


‘F-IRB
 / Foundation-Internal Ratings Based’
 See ‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’.


‘Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)’
 The statutory body responsible for conduct of business regulation and supervision of UK authorised firms. The FCA also has responsibility for the prudential regulation of firms that do not fall within the
PRA’s scope.

‘Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS)’
 The UK’s fund for compensation of authorised financial services firms that are unable to pay claims.

‘Financial collateral comprehensive method (FCCM)’
 A counterparty credit risk exposure calculation approach which applies volatility
adjustments to the market value of exposure and collateral when calculating risk weighted asset values.


‘Fitch’
 A credit rating agency.


‘Forbearance’
 Forbearance programmes to assist customers
in financial difficulty through agreements to accept less than contractual amounts due where financial distress would otherwise prevent satisfactory repayment within the original terms and conditions of the contract. These agreements may be
initiated by the customer, Barclays or a third party and include approved debt counselling plans, minimum due reductions, interest rate concessions and switches from capital and interest repayments to interest-only payments.


‘Forbearance Programmes for Credit Cards’
 Can be split
into 2 main types: Repayment plans- A temporary reduction in the minimum payment due, for a maximum of 60 months. This may involve a reduction in interest rates to prevent negative amortization; Fully amortising- A permanent conversion of the
outstanding balance into a fully amortising loan, over a maximum period of 60 months for cards and 120 months for loans.

‘Forbearance Programmes for Home Loans’
 Can be split into 4 main types: Interest-only conversions- A temporary change from a capital and
interest repayment to an interest-only repayment, for a maximum of 24 months; Interest rate reductions- A temporary reduction in interest rate, for a maximum of 12 months; Payment concessions- An agreement to temporarily accept reduced loan
repayments, for a maximum of 24 months; Term extensions- A permanent extension to the loan maturity date which may involve a reduction in interest rates, and usually involves the capitalisation of arrears.


418 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Forbearance Programmes for Unsecured Loans’
 Can be split into 3 main types: Payment concessions- An agreement to temporarily accept reduced loan repayments, for a maximum of 12 months; Term extensions- A permanent extension to the loan maturity date,
usually involving the capitalisation of arrears; Fully amortising- A permanent conversion of the outstanding balance into a fully amortising loan, over a maximum period of 60 months for cards and 120 months for loans.


‘Foreclosures in Progress’
 The process by which the bank
initiates legal action against a customer with the intention of terminating a loan agreement whereby the bank may repossess the property subject to local law and recover amounts it is owed.


‘Foreign exchange derivatives’
 The Group’s
principal exchange rate-related contracts are forward foreign exchange contracts, currency swaps and currency options. Forward foreign exchange contracts are agreements to buy or sell a specified quantity of foreign currency, usually on a specified
future date at an agreed rate. Currency swaps generally involves the exchange, or notional exchange, of equivalent amounts of two currencies and a commitment to exchange interest periodically until the principal amounts are
re-exchanged
 on a future date. Currency options provide the buyer with the right, but not the obligation, either to purchase or sell a fixed amount of a currency at a specified exchange rate on or before a future
date. As compensation for assuming the option risk, the option writer generally receives a premium at the start of the option period.

‘Foreign exchange risk’
 In the context of DVaR, the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates and volatilities.


‘Front Arena’
 A deal solution that helps to trade and
manage positions and risk in the global capital markets.

‘Full time equivalent’
 Full time equivalent units are the
on-job
 hours paid for employee services divided by the number of ordinary-time hours normally paid for a full-time staff member
when on the job (or contract employees where applicable).

‘Fully loaded’
 When a measure is presented or described as being on a fully loaded basis, it is calculated without applying the transitional provisions set out in Part Ten of CRD IV.


‘Fully loaded CET1 ratio’
 A risk based ratio calculated as Common Equity Tier 1 capital divided by Risk Weighted Assets (before the application of transitional provisions set out in CRD IV and interpretive guidance published by the
PRA).

‘Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS)’

Scheme launched by the Bank of England to incentivise banks and building societies to lend to UK households and
non-financial
 companies through reduced funding costs, the benefits of which are passed on to UK
borrowers in the form of cheaper and more easily available loans.

‘Funding mismatch’
 In the context of Eurozone balance sheet funding exposures, the excess of local euro denominated external assets, such as customer loans, over local euro denominated liabilities, such as customer deposits.


‘Funding risk’
 The risk that the Group may
not be able to achieve its business plans due to being unable to maintain appropriate capital ratios (Capital Risk), being unable to meet its obligations as they fall due (Liquidity Risk), rating agency methodology changes or of adverse changes in
interest rate curves impacting structural hedges of non – interest bearing assets/ liabilities or on income or foreign exchange rates on capital ratios (Structural risk).


‘Funds and fund-linked products’
 Includes holdings in
mutual funds, hedge funds, fund of funds and fund linked derivatives.

‘Gains on
acquisitions’
 The amount by which the acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities, recognised in a business
combination, exceeds the cost of the combination.

‘General market risk’
 The risk of a price change in a financial instrument due to a change in level of interest rates or owing to a broad equity market movement unrelated to any specific attributes of individual securities.


‘Global-Systemically Important Banks
(G-SIBs
 or
G-SIIs)’
 Global financial institutions whose size, complexity and systemic interconnectedness, mean that their distress or failure would cause significant
disruption to the wider financial system and economic activity. The Financial Stability Board (FSB) and the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) publish a list of globally systemically important banks.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 419


Glossary of terms


‘G-SII
 additional leverage
ratio buffer
(G-SII
 ALRB)’
 A macroprudential buffer that applies to globally systemically important banks

(G-SIBs)
 and other major domestic UK banks and building societies, including banks that are subject to ring-fencing requirements. The
G-SII
 ALRB will be calibrated as
35% (on a phased basis) of the combined systemic risk buffers that applies to the bank.

‘GSII
Buffer’
 Common Equity Tier 1 capital required to be held under CRD IV to ensure that
G-SIBs
 build up surplus capital to compensate for the systemic
risk that such institutions represent to the financial system.

’Grandfathering’
 In the context of CRD IV capital resources, the application of the rules on instrument eligibility during the transitional period as defined in the Capital Requirements Regulation.


‘Gross
charge-off
 rates’
 Represents the balances
charged-off
 to recoveries in the reporting period, expressed as a percentage of average outstanding balances excluding balances in recoveries.

Charge-off
 to recoveries generally occurs when the collections focus switches from the collection of arrears to the recovery of the entire outstanding balance, and represents a fundamental change in the
relationship between the bank and the customer. This is a measure of the proportion of customers that have gone into default during the period.

‘Gross new lending’
 New lending advanced to customers during the period.


‘Group’
 Barclays PLC together with its subsidiaries.


‘Group Service Company’ or ‘BSerL’

Barclays Services Limited, the Group services company set up to provide services to Barclays UK and Barclays International to deliver operational continuity.


‘Guarantee’
 Unless otherwise described, an undertaking
by a third party to pay a creditor should a debtor fail to do so. It is a form of credit substitution.


‘Head Office and Other Operations’
 A business segment
comprising Brand and Marketing, Finance, Head Office, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Legal and Compliance, Risk, Treasury and Tax and other operations.


‘High Net Worth’
 Businesses within Barclays UK and Barclays International that provide banking and other services to high net worth customers.


‘High Risk’ In retail banking, ‘High Risk’
 is
defined as the subset of
up-to-date
 customers who, either through an event or observed behaviour exhibit potential financial difficulty. Where appropriate, these
customers are proactively contacted to assess whether assistance is required.

‘Home loan’
 A loan to purchase a residential property. The property is then used as collateral to guarantee repayment of the loan. The borrower gives the lender a lien against the property and the lender can foreclose
on the property if the borrower does not repay the loan per the agreed terms. Also known as a residential mortgage.

‘IHC’ or ‘US IHC’
 Barclays US LLC, the intermediate holding company established by Barclays in July 2016, which holds most of
Barclays’ subsidiaries and assets in the United States.

‘IMA / Internal Model Approach’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal market risk model.


‘IMM / Internal Model Method’
 In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal counterparty credit risk model.

‘Impairment allowances’
 A provision held on the balance sheet as a result of the raising of a charge against profit for incurred losses in the
lending book. An impairment allowance may either be identified or unidentified and individual or collective.


‘Impairment coverage ratio’
 Impairment allowance held
against balances in specific LTV band expressed as a percentage of balances in the specific LTV Band.


‘Income’
 Total income, unless otherwise specified.


‘Incremental Risk Charge’
 An estimate of the
incremental risk arising from rating migrations and defaults beyond what is already captured in specific market risk VaR for the non correlation trading portfolio.


420 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Independent Commission on Banking (ICB)’
 Body set up by HM Government to identify structural and
non-structural
 measures to reform the UK banking system and promote competition.


‘Individual liquidity guidance (ILG)’
 Guidance given to
a firm about the amount, quality and funding profile of liquidity resources that the PRA has asked the firm to maintain.

‘Inflation risk’
 In the context of DVaR, the impact of changes in inflation rates and volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives.


‘Insurance Risk’
 The risk of the
Group’s aggregate insurance premiums received from policyholders under a portfolio of insurance contracts being inadequate to cover the claims arising from those policies.


‘Interchange’
 Income paid to a credit card issuer for
the clearing and settlement of a sale or cash advance transaction.

‘Interest only home
loans’
 Under the terms of these loans, the customer makes payments of interest only for the entire term of the mortgage, although customers may make early repayments of the principal within
the terms of their agreement. The customer is responsible for repaying the entire outstanding principal on maturity, which may require the sale of the mortgaged property.


‘Interest rate derivatives’
 Derivatives linked to
interest rates. This category includes interest rate swaps, collars, floors options and swaptions. An interest rate swap is an agreement between two parties to exchange fixed rate and floating rate interest by means of periodic payments based upon a
notional principal amount and the interest rates defined in the contract. Certain agreements combine interest rate and foreign currency swap transactions, which may or may not include the exchange of principal amounts. A basis swap is a form of
interest rate swap, in which both parties exchange interest payments based on floating rates, where the floating rates are based upon different underlying reference indices. In a forward rate agreement, two parties agree a future settlement of the
difference between an agreed rate and a future interest rate, applied to a notional principal amount. The settlement, which generally occurs at the start of the contract period, is the discounted present value of the payment that would otherwise be
made at the end of that period.


‘Interest rate risk’
 The risk of interest rate volatility adversely impacting the Groups net interest margin. In the context of the calculation of market risk DVaR, measures the impact of changes in interest (swap) rates and
volatilities on cash instruments and derivatives.

‘Internal Assessment Approach (IAA)’
 One of three types of calculation that a firm with permission to use the Internal Ratings Based (IRB) approach may apply to securitisation exposures. It consists of mapping a firm’s internal rating
methodology for credit exposures to those of an External Credit Assessment Institution (ECAI) to determine the appropriate risk weight based on the ratings based approach. Its applicability is limited to ABCP programmes related to liquidity
facilities and credit enhancement.

‘Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP)’
 Companies are required to perform a formal Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) as part of the Pillar 2 requirements (BIPRU) and to provide this document to the PRA on a yearly basis. The
ICAAP document summarises the group’s risk management framework, including approach to managing all risks (i.e. Pillar 1 and
non-Pillar
 1 risks); and, the group’s risk appetite, economic capital and
stress testing frameworks.

‘Internal model method (IMM)’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, Risk Weighted Assets for which the exposure amount has been derived via the use of a PRA approved internal counterparty credit risk model.


‘Internal Ratings Based (IRB)’
 An approach under the CRR
framework that relies on the bank’s internal models to derive the risk weights. The IRB approach is divided into two alternative applications, Advanced and Foundation:


–   Advanced IRB (‘A-IRB’): the bank uses its own estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD) and credit conversion factor to
model a given risk exposure.


–   Foundation IRB: the bank applies its own PD as for Advanced, but it uses standard parameters for the LGD and the credit conversion factor. The Foundation IRB approach is specifically designed for
wholesale credit exposures. Hence retail, equity, securitisation positions and non-credit obligations asset exposures are treated under standardised or A-IRB.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 421


Glossary of terms


‘Investment Bank’
 The Group’s investment bank which consists of origination led and returns focused markets and banking business which forms part of the Corporate and Investment Banking segment of Barclays
International.

‘Investment Banking Fees’
 In
the context of Investment Bank Analysis of Total Income, fees generated from origination activity businesses – including financial advisory, debt and equity underwriting.


‘Investment grade’
 A debt security, treasury bill or
similar instrument with a credit rating of AAA to BBB as measured by external credit rating agencies.


‘ISDA Master Agreement’
 The most commonly used master
contract for OTC derivative transactions internationally. It is part of a framework of documents, designed to enable OTC derivatives to be documented fully and flexibly. The framework consists of a master agreement, a schedule, confirmations,
definition booklets, and a credit support annex. The ISDA master agreement is published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA).

‘Key Risk Scenarios (KRS)’
 Key Risk Scenarios are a summary of the extreme potential risk exposure for each Key Risk in each business and
function, including an assessment of the potential frequency of risk events, the average size of losses and three extreme scenarios. The Key Risk Scenario assessments are a key input to the Advanced Measurement Approach calculation of regulatory and
economic capital requirements.

‘Lag risk’

Arises from the delay in
re-pricing
 customer rates for certain variable/managed rate products, following an underlying change to market interest rates. This is typically driven by either regulatory constraint
around customer notification on pricing changes, processing time for the Group’s and/or Entity’s notification systems or contractual agreements within a product’s terms and conditions.


‘Large exposure’
 A large exposure is defined
as the total exposure of a firm to a counterparty or group of connected clients, whether in the banking book or trading book or both, which in aggregate equals or exceeds 10% of the firm’s eligible capital.


‘Lender Option Borrower Option (LOBO)’
 A clause previously included in ESHLA loans that allowed Barclays, on specific dates, to raise the fixed interest rate on the loan, upon which the borrower had the option to either continue with the loan at
the higher rate, or
re-pay
 the loan at par.


‘Lending’
 In the context of Investment Bank Analysis of
Total Income, lending income includes net interest income, gains or losses on loan sale activity, and risk management activity relating to the loan portfolio.


‘Letters of credit’ A letter typically used for the purposes of international trade guaranteeing that a debtor’s payment to a
creditor will be made on time and in full. In the event that the debtor is unable to make payment, the bank will be required to cover the full or remaining amount of the purchase.


‘Level 1 assets’
 High quality liquid assets under
the Basel Committee’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), including cash, central bank reserves and higher quality government securities.

‘Level 2 assets’
 Under the Basel Committee’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio high quality liquid assets (HQLA) are comprised of
Level 1 and Level 2 assets, with the latter comprised of Level 2A and Level 2B assets. Level 2A assets include, for example, lower quality government securities, covered bonds and corporate debt securities. Level 2B assets include, for
example, lower rated corporate bonds, residential mortgage backed securities and equities that meet certain conditions.

‘Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)’
 The ratio of the stock of high quality liquid assets to expected net cash outflows over the next 30
days. High-quality liquid assets should be unencumbered, liquid in markets during a time of stress and, ideally, be central bank eligible. These include, for example, cash and claims on central governments and central banks.


‘Liquidity Pool’
 The Group liquidity pool comprises cash
at central banks and highly liquid collateral specifically held by the Group as a contingency to enable the bank to meet cash outflows in the event of stressed market conditions.


‘Liquidity risk appetite (LRA)’
 The level of liquidity
risk that the Group chooses to take in pursuit of its business objectives and in meeting its regulatory obligations.


422 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Liquidity Risk Management Framework (the Liquidity
Framework)’
 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework (the Liquidity Framework), which is sanctioned by the Board Risk Committee (BRC) and which incorporates liquidity policies, systems and
controls that the Group has implemented to manage liquidity risk within tolerances approved by the Board and regulatory agencies.

‘Litigation and conduct charges’
 Litigation and conduct charges include regulatory fines, litigation settlements and conduct related customer
redress.

‘Loan loss rate’
 Is quoted in basis
points and represents total loan impairment divided by gross loans and advances to customers and banks held at amortised cost at the balance sheet date.

‘Loan to deposit ratio’
 Loans and advances divided by customer accounts calculated for Barclays UK and Barclays International excluding
investment banking balances other than interest earning lending. This excludes particular liabilities issued by the retail businesses that have characteristics comparable to retail deposits (for example structured Certificates of Deposit and retail
bonds), which are included within debt securities in issue

‘Loan to value (LTV) ratio’
 Expresses the amount borrowed against an asset (i.e. a mortgage) as a percentage of the appraised value of the asset. The ratios are used in determining the appropriate level of risk for the loan and are
generally reported as an average for new mortgages or an entire portfolio. Also see ‘Marked to market (MTM) LTV ratio.’

‘London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)’
 A benchmark interest rate at which banks can borrow funds from other banks in the London interbank
market.

‘Long-term refinancing operation (LTRO)’
 The European Central Bank’s 3 year long term bank refinancing operation.

‘Loss Given Default (LGD)’
 The fraction of Exposure at Default (EAD) (defined above) that will not be recovered following default. LGD
comprises the actual loss (the part that is not expected to be recovered), together with the economic costs associated with the recovery process.

‘Macro Products’
 Represents Rates, currency and commodities income.


‘Management VaR’
 A measure of the potential loss of value arising from unfavourable market movements at a specific confidence level, if current positions were to be held unchanged for predefined period. Corporate and
Investment Bank uses Management VaR with a
two-year
 equally weighted historical period, at a 95% confidence level, with a one day holding period.


‘Mandatory break clause’
 In the context of counterparty
credit risk, a contract clause that means a trade will be ended on a particular date.


‘Marked to market approach’
 A counterparty credit risk
exposure calculation approach which uses the current mark to market value of derivative positions as well as a potential future exposure
add-on
 to calculate an exposure to which a risk weight can be applied.


‘Marked to market (MTM) LTV ratio’
 The loan
amount as a percentage of the current value of the asset used to secure the loan. Also see ‘Balance weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio’ and ‘Valuation weighted Loan to Value (LTV) ratio.’


‘Market risk’
 The risk of the Group suffering financial
loss due to changes in market prices. In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, it is the component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss resulting from fluctuations in the market value of positions held in equities, commodities,
currencies, derivatives and interest rates.

‘Master netting agreements’
 An agreement that provides for a single net settlement of all financial instruments and collateral covered by the agreement in the event of the counterparty’s default or bankruptcy or insolvency,
resulting in a reduced exposure.

‘Master trust securitisation programmes’
 A securitisation structure where a trust is set up for the purpose of acquiring a pool of receivables. The trust issues multiple series of securities backed by these receivables.


‘Matchbook (or matched book)’
 An asset/liability
management strategy where assets are matched against liabilities of equivalent value and maturity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 423


Glossary of terms


‘Material Risk Takers (MRTs)’
 Categories of staff whose professional activities have or are deemed to have a material impact on Barclays’ risk profile, as determined in accordance with the European Banking Authority regulatory
technical standard on the identification of such staff.

‘Methodology and policy’
 In the context of the Funding Risk, Capital Risk section, the effect on RWAs of methodology changes driven by regulatory policy changes.


‘Minimum capital requirement’
 Under Pillar 1 of the
Basel framework, the amount of capital required for an exposure.

‘Model updates’
 In the context of the Funding Risk, Capital Risk section, changes in RWAs caused by model implementation, changes in model scope or any changes required to address model malfunctions.


‘Model validation’
 Process through which models are
independently challenged, tested and verified to prove that they have been built, implemented and used correctly, and that they continue to be
fit-for-purpose.


‘Modelled—VaR’
 In the context of Risk
Weighted Assets, Market risk calculated using value at risk models laid down by the CRR and supervised by the PRA.

‘Money market funds’
 Investment funds typically invested in short-term debt securities.


‘Monoline derivatives’
 Derivatives with a monoline
insurer such as credit default swaps referencing the underlying exposures held.


‘Moody’s’
 A credit rating agency.


‘Mortgage Current Accounts (MCA) Reserves’
 A secured
overdraft facility available to home loan customers which allows them to borrow against the equity in their home. It allows draw-down up to an agreed available limit on a separate but connected account to the main mortgage loan facility. The
balance drawn must be repaid on redemption of the mortgage.

‘Multilateral development banks’
 Financial institutions created for the purposes of development, where membership transcends national boundaries.


‘National discretion’
 Discretions in CRD IV given to member states to allow the local regulator additional powers in the application of certain CRD IV rules in its jurisdiction.


‘Net asset value per share’
 Calculated by dividing
shareholders’ equity, excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, by the number of issued ordinary shares.


‘Net interest income’
 The difference between interest
income on assets and interest expense on liabilities.

‘Net interest margin’
 Net interest income divided by the sum of average customer assets.


‘Net investment income’
 Changes in the fair value of
financial instruments designated at fair value, dividend income and the net result on disposal of available for sale assets.

‘Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)’
 The ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding over a one year time horizon, assuming a
stressed scenario. The ratio is required to be over 100%. Available stable funding would include such items as equity capital, preferred stock with a maturity of over 1 year, or liabilities with a maturity of over 1 year. The required amount of
stable funding is calculated as the sum of the value of the assets held and funded by the institution, multiplied by a specific required stable funding (RSF) factor assigned to each particular asset type, added to the amount of potential liquidity
exposure multiplied by its associated RSF factor.

‘Net tangible asset value per share’
 Calculated by dividing shareholders equity, excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, less goodwill and intangible assets, by the number of
issued ordinary shares.

‘Net trading income’

Gains and losses arising from trading positions which are held at fair value, in respect of both market-making and customer business, together with interest, dividends and funding costs relating to trading activities.


‘Net written credit protection’
 In the context of
leverage exposure, the net notional value of credit derivatives protection sold and credit derivatives protection bought.


424 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘New bookings’
 The total of the original balance on accounts opened in the reporting period, including any applicable fees and charges included in the loan amount.


‘Non-asset
 backed debt instruments’
 Debt instruments not backed by collateral, including government bonds; US agency bonds; corporate bonds; commercial paper; certificates of deposit; convertible bonds; corporate bonds and issued notes.


‘Non-customer
 net interest income (NII)’ /
‘Non-customer
 interest income’
 Principally comprises the impact of product and equity structural hedges, as well as certain other net interest income
received on government bonds and other debt securities held for the purposes of interest rate hedging and liquidity for local banking activities.

‘Non-model
 method (NMM)’
 In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, Counterparty credit risk, Risk
Weighted Assets where the exposure amount has been derived through the use of CRR norms, as opposed to an internal model.

‘Non-performance
 costs’
 Costs other than performance costs.


‘Non-performing
 proportion of outstanding balances’
 Defined as balances greater than 90 days delinquent (including forbearance accounts greater than 90 days and accounts charged off to recoveries), expressed as a percentage of outstanding balances.


‘Non-performing
 balances impairment coverage ratio’
 Impairment allowance held against non performing balances expressed as a percentage of non performing balances.

‘Non-Traded
 Market Risk’
 The risk that the current or future exposure in the banking book (i.e.
non-traded
 book) will impact bank’s capital and/or earnings due to adverse movements in Interest or Foreign Exchange Rates.


‘Non-Traded
 VaR’

Reflects the volatility in the value of the available for sale investments in the liquidity pool which flow directly through capital via the available for sale reserve. The underlying methodology to calculate non traded VaR is similar to Traded
Management VaR, but the two measures are not directly comparable. The Non Traded VaR represents the volatility to capital driven by the available for sale exposures. These exposures are in the banking book and do not meet the criteria for trading
book treatment.


‘Notable items’
 Notable items are considered to be significant items impacting comparability of performance and are shown for each of the business segments.


‘Notch’
 A single unit of measurement in a credit rating
scale.

‘Notional amount’
 The nominal or face
amount of a financial instrument, such as a loan or a derivative, that is used to calculate payments made on that instrument.

‘Operational risk’
 The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events,
including legal risk. In the context of Risk Weighted Assets, it is the component of Risk Weighted Assets that represents the risk of loss resulting from these risks.


‘Operational Riskdata eXchange (ORX)’
 The Operational
Riskdata eXchange Association (ORX) is a
not-for-profit
 industry association dedicated to advancing the measurement and management of operational risk in the global
financial services industry. Barclays is a member of ORX.

‘Origination led’
 Focus on high margin, low capital fee based activities and related hedging opportunities.

‘Origination exposure model’
 A technique used to measure the counterparty credit risk of losing anticipated cash flows from forwards,
swaps, options and other derivatives contracts in the event the counterparty to the contract should default.


‘OSII’
 Other systemically important institutions are
institutions that are deemed to create risk to financial stability due to their systemic importance.

‘Over-the-counter
 (OTC) derivatives’
 Derivative contracts that are traded (and privately negotiated) directly
between two parties. They offer flexibility because, unlike standardised exchange-traded products, they can be tailored to fit specific needs.

‘Own credit’
 The effect of changes in the Group’s own credit standing on the fair value of financial liabilities.


‘Owner occupied mortgage’
 A mortgage where the intention
of the customer was to occupy the property at origination.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 425


Glossary of terms


‘Past due items’
 Refers to loans where the borrower has failed to make a payment when due under the terms of the loan contract.

‘Payment Protection Insurance (PPI) redress’
 Provision for the settlement of PPI miss-selling claims and related claims management costs.


‘Pension Risk’
 The risk of the Group’s
earnings and capital being adversely impacted by the Group’s defined benefit obligations increasing or the value of the assets backing these defined benefit obligations decreasing due to changes in both the level and volatility of prices.


‘Performance costs’
 The accounting charge
recognised in the period for performance awards. For deferred incentives and long-term incentives, the accounting charge is spread over the relevant periods in which the employee delivers service.


‘Period end allocated tangible equity’
 Allocated
tangible equity is calculated as 12.0% (2016: 11.5%) of CRD IV fully loaded risk weighted assets for each business, adjusted for CRD IV fully loaded capital deductions, excluding goodwill and intangible assets, reflecting assumptions the Group uses
for capital planning purposes. Head Office tangible equity represents the difference between the Group’s tangible equity and the amounts allocated to businesses.


‘Pillar 1’
 The part of the Basel framework that sets
outs the rules that govern the calculation of Minimum capital requirements for credit, market and operational risks.

‘Pillar 2’
 The part of the Basel framework that covers the supervisory reviews of the bank’s internal assessment of capital to ensure
that firms have adequate capital to support all the relevant risks in their business.

‘Pillar
3’
 The part of the Basel framework that covers external communication of risk and capital information by banks to promote transparency and good risk management.


‘Post-model adjustment (PMA)’
 In the context of Basel
models, a PMA is a short term increase in regulatory capital applied at portfolio level to account for model input data deficiencies, inadequate model performance or changes to regulatory


definitions (e.g. definition of default) to ensure the model output is accurate, complete and
appropriate.

‘Potential Credit Risk Loans (PCRLs)’
 Comprise the outstanding balances to Potential Problem Loans (defined below) and the three categories of Credit Risk Loans (defined above).


‘Potential Future Exposure on Derivatives’
 A regulatory
calculation in respect of the Group’s potential future credit exposure on both exchange traded and OTC derivative contracts, calculated by assigning a standardised percentage (based on the underlying risk category and residual trade maturity)
to the gross notional value of each contract.

‘Potential Problem Loans (PPLs)’
 Loans where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the borrowers to continue to comply with repayment terms in the near future.


‘PRA waivers’
 PRA approvals that specifically give
permission to the Bank to either modify or waive existing rules. Waivers are specific to an organisation and require applications being submitted to and approved by the PRA.


‘Primary securitisations’
 The issuance of securities
(bonds and commercial papers) for fund-raising.

‘Primary Stress Tests’
 In the context of Traded Market Risk, Stress Testing provides an estimate of potentially significant future losses that might arise from extreme market moves or scenarios. Primary Stress Tests apply stress
moves to key liquid risk factors for each of the major trading asset classes.

‘Prime
Services’
 Involves financing of fixed income and equity positions using Repo and stock lending facilities. The Prime Services business also provides brokerage facilitation services for
hedge fund clients offering execution and clearance facilities for a variety of asset classes.


‘Principal’
 In the context of a loan, the amount
borrowed, or the part of the amount borrowed which remains unpaid (excluding interest).

‘Principal
Investments’
 Private equity investments.


‘Principal Risks’
 the principal risks affecting the
Group described in the risk review section of the Barclays PLC Annual Report.


426 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Private equity investments’
 Investments in equity securities in operating companies not quoted on a public exchange. Investment in private equity often involves the investment of capital in private companies or the acquisition of a
public company that results in the delisting of public equity. Capital for private equity investment is raised by retail or institutional investors and used to fund investment strategies such as leveraged buyouts, venture capital, growth capital,
distressed investments and mezzanine capital.

‘Private-label securitisation’
 Residential mortgage backed security transactions sold or guaranteed by entities that are not sponsored or owned by the government.


‘Probability of Default (PD)’
 The likelihood that a loan
will not be repaid and will fall into default. PD may be calculated for each client who has a loan (normally applicable to wholesale customers/clients) or for a portfolio of clients with similar attributes (normally applicable to retail customers).
To calculate PD, Barclays assesses the credit quality of borrowers and other counterparties and assigns them an internal risk rating. Multiple rating methodologies may be used to inform the rating decision on individual large credits, such as
internal and external models, rating agency ratings, and for wholesale assets market information such as credit spreads. For smaller credits, a single source may suffice such as the result from an internal rating model.


‘Product structural hedge’
 An interest rate hedge in
place to reduce earnings volatility on product balances with an instant access (such as
non-interest
 bearing current accounts and managed rate deposits) and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term.


‘Properties in Possession held as ’Loans and Advances to Customers’’
 Properties in the UK and Italy where the customer continues to retain legal title but where the bank has enforced the possession order as part of the foreclosure process to allow for the disposal of the
asset or the court has ordered the auction of the property.

‘Properties in Possession held as
‘Other Real Estate Owned’’
 Properties in South Africa, where the bank has taken legal ownership of the title as a result of purchase at an auction or similar and treated as
‘Other Real Estate Owned’ within other assets on the bank’s balance sheet.


‘Proprietary trading’
 When a bank, brokerage or other financial institution trades on its own account, at its own risk, rather than on behalf of customers, so as to make a profit for itself.


‘Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA)’
 The statutory
body responsible for the prudential supervision of banks, building societies, insurers and a small number of significant investment firms in the UK. The PRA is a subsidiary of the Bank of England.


‘Prudential valuation adjustment (PVA)’
 A calculation
which adjusts the accounting values of positions held on balance sheet at fair value to comply with regulatory valuation standards, which place greater emphasis on the inherent uncertainty around the value at which a trading book position could be
exited.

‘Public benchmark’
 Unsecured medium
term notes issued in public syndicated transactions.

‘Qualifying Revolving Retail Exposure
(QRRE)’
 In the context of the IRB approach to credit risk RWA calculations, an exposure meeting the criteria set out in BIPRU 4.6.42 R (2). It includes most types of credit card exposure.


‘Rates’
 In the context of Investment Bank
income analysis, trading revenue relating to government bonds and linear interest rate derivatives.

‘Re-aging’
 The returning of a delinquent account to
up-to-date
 status
without collecting the full arrears (principal, interest and fees).

‘Real Estate Mortgage Investment
Conduits (REMICs)’
 An entity that holds a fixed pool of mortgages and that is separated into multiple classes of interests for issuance to investors.


‘Recoveries Impairment Coverage Ratio’
 Impairment
allowance held against recoveries balances expressed as a percentage of balance in recoveries.


‘Recoveries proportion of outstanding balances’

Represents the amount of recoveries (gross
month-end
 customer balances of all accounts that have
charged-off)
 as at the period end compared to total outstanding
balances. The size of the recoveries book would ultimately have an impact on the overall impairment requirement on the portfolio. Balances in recoveries will


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 427


Glossary of terms


decrease if: assets are
written-off;
 amounts are collected;
or assets are sold to a third party (i.e. debt sale).

‘Redenomination risk’
 The risk of financial loss to the Group should one or more countries exit from the Euro, potentially leading to the devaluation of local balance sheet assets and liabilities.


‘Regulatory capital’
 The amount of capital that a bank
holds to satisfy regulatory requirements.

‘Renegotiated loans’
 Loans are generally renegotiated either as part of an ongoing customer relationship or in response to an adverse change in the circumstances of the borrower. In the latter case renegotiation can result in
an extension of the due date of payment or repayment plans under which the Group offers a concessionary rate of interest to genuinely distressed borrowers. This will result in the asset continuing to be overdue and will be individually impaired
where the renegotiated payments of interest and principal will not recover the original carrying amount of the asset. In other cases, renegotiation will lead to a new agreement, which is treated as a new loan.


‘Repricing lag risk’
 The risk that when underlying
interest rates change it can take a number of months to change the customer rate e.g. should rates decrease then we would need to let our variable savings rate customers know that we would be decreasing their savings rates. This could result in a
loss of income as it may take several months, whereas the “funding/investment” benefit reduces immediately.

‘Repurchase agreement (Repo)’ / ‘Reverse repurchase agreement (Reverse repo)’
 Arrangements that allow counterparties to use
financial securities as collateral for an interest bearing cash loan. The borrower agrees to sell a security to the lender subject to a commitment to repurchase the asset at a specified price on a given date. For the party selling the security (and
agreeing to repurchase it in the future) it is a Repurchase agreement or Repo; for the counterparty to the transaction (buying the security and agreeing to sell in the future) it is a Reverse repurchase agreement or Reverse repo.


‘Re-securitisations’
 The repackaging of Securitised Products into securities. The resulting securities are therefore securitisation


positions where the underlying assets are also predominantly securitisation positions.


‘Reserve Capital Instruments (RCIs)’
 Hybrid issued
capital securities which may be debt or equity accounted, depending on the terms.

‘Residential
Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)’
 Securities that represent interests in a group of residential mortgages. Investors in these securities have the right to cash received from future
mortgage payments (interest and/or principal).

‘Residual maturity’
 The remaining contractual term of a credit obligation associated with a credit exposure.

‘Restructured loans’
 Comprises loans where, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a concession
has been granted to the debtor that would not otherwise be considered. Where the concession results in the expected cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate being less than the loan’s carrying value, an impairment allowance
will be raised.

‘Retail Loans’
 Loans to
individuals or small and medium sized enterprises rather than to financial institutions and larger businesses. It includes both secured and unsecured loans such as mortgages and credit card balances, as well as loans to certain smaller business
customers, typically with exposures up to £3m or with a turnover up to £5m.

‘Return on
average Risk Weighted Assets’
 Statutory profit as a proportion of average Risk Weighted Assets.

‘Return on average shareholders’ equity’
 Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for
the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity, excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments.


‘Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity’

Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests and other equity instruments, adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.


428 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Return on average allocated tangible shareholders’
equity’
 Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders, including an adjustment for the tax credit in reserves in respect of other equity instruments, as a proportion of
average allocated tangible shareholders’ equity.

‘Risk Appetite’
 The level of risk that Barclays is prepared to accept whilst pursuing its business strategy, recognising a range of possible outcomes as business plans are implemented.


‘Risk weighted assets (RWAs)’
 A measure of a bank’s
assets adjusted for their associated risks. Risk weightings are established in accordance with the Basel rules as implemented by CRD IV and local regulators.


‘Risks not in VaR (RNIVS)’
 Refers to all the key risks
which are not captured or not well captured within the VaR model framework.

‘Roll rate
analysis’
 The measurement of the rate at which retail accounts deteriorate through delinquency phases.


‘Sales commissions, commitments and other incentives’

Includes commission-based arrangements, guaranteed incentives and Long Term Incentive Plan awards.


‘Sarbanes-Oxley requirements’
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
2002 (SOX), which was introduced by the U.S. Government to safeguard against corporate governance scandals such as Enron, WorldCom and Tyco. All
US-listed
 companies must comply with SOX.


‘Second Lien’
 Debt that is issued against the same
collateral as higher lien debt but that is subordinate to it. In the case of default, compensation for this debt will only be received after the first lien has been repaid and thus represents a riskier investment than the first lien.


‘Secondary Stress Tests’
 Secondary stress tests are used
in measuring potential losses arising from illiquid market risks that cannot be hedged or reduced within the time period covered in Primary Stress Tests.


‘Securities and loans’
 In the context of
Non-Core
 Analysis of Total income, Barclays
Non-Core
 Securities and Loans comprise non strategic businesses,
predominantly from the
non-core
 Investment Bank and Corporate Bank.


‘Securities Financing Transactions (SFT)’
 In the context
of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs), any of the following transactions: a repurchase transaction, a securities or commodities lending or borrowing transaction, or a margin lending transaction whereby cash collateral is received or paid in respect of the
transfer of a related asset.

‘Securities financing transactions adjustments’
 In the context of leverage ratio, a regulatory
add-on
 calculated as exposure less collateral, taking into account master netting agreements.


‘Securities lending arrangements’
 Arrangements whereby
securities are legally transferred to a third party subject to an agreement to return them at a future date. The counterparty generally provides collateral against non performance in the form of cash or other assets.


‘Securitisation’
 Typically, a process by which debt
instruments such as mortgage loans or credit card balances are aggregated into a pool, which is used to back new securities. A company sells assets to a special purpose vehicle (SPV) which then issues securities backed by the assets. This allows the
credit quality of the assets to be separated from the credit rating of the original borrower and transfers risk to external investors.

‘Securitised Products’
 A business within the Investment Bank that offers a range of products relating to residential mortgage backed
securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and other asset backed securities, in addition to restructuring and unwinding legacy credit structures.

‘Set-off
 clauses’
 In the context of Counterparty credit risk, contract clauses that allow Barclays to
set off amounts owed to us by a counterparty against amounts owed by us to the counterparty.

‘Settlement
balances’
 Are receivables or payables recorded between the date (the trade date) a financial instrument (such as a bond) is sold, purchased or otherwise closed out, and the date the asset
is delivered by or to the entity (the settlement date) and cash is received or paid.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 429


Glossary of terms


‘Settlement risk’
 The risk that settlement in a transfer system will not take place as expected, usually owing to a party defaulting on one or more settlement obligations.


‘Slotting’
 Slotting is a Basel 2 approach that requires
a standard set of rules to be used in the calculation of RWAs, based upon an assessment of factors such as the financial strength of the counterparty. The requirements for the application of the Slotting approach are detailed in BIPRU 4.5.


‘Sovereign exposure(s)’
 Exposures to central
governments, including holdings in government bonds and local government bonds.

‘Specific market
risk’
 A risk that is due to the individual nature of an asset and can potentially be diversified or the risk of a price change in an investment due to factors related to the issuer or, in
the case of a derivative, the issuer of the underlying investment.

‘Spread risk’
 Measures the impact of changes to the swap spread, i.e. the difference between swap rates and government bond yields.


‘Standard & Poor’s’ A credit rating agency.


‘Standby facilities, credit lines and other commitments’

Agreements to lend to a customer in the future, subject to certain conditions. Such commitments are either made for a fixed period, or have no specific maturity but are cancellable by the lender subject to notice requirements.


‘Statutory’
 Line items of income, expense, profit or
loss, assets, liabilities or equity stated in accordance with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 and the requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).


‘Statutory return on average shareholders’ equity’

Statutory profit after tax attributable to ordinary shareholders as a proportion of average shareholders’ equity.

‘STD’ / ‘Standardised Approach’
 A method of calculating Risk Weighted Assets that relies on a mandatory framework set by the
regulator to derive risk weights based on counterparty type and a credit rating provided by an External Credit Assessment Institute.


‘Stress Testing’
 A process which involves identifying possible future adverse events or changes in economic conditions that could have unfavourable effects on the Group (either financial or

non-financial),
 assessing the Group’s ability to withstand such changes, and identifying management actions to mitigate the impact.


‘Stressed Value at Risk (SVaR)’
 An estimate of the
potential loss arising from a 12 month period of significant financial stress over a one day horizon.


‘Structured entity’
 An entity in which voting or similar
rights are not the dominant factor in deciding control. Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities.


‘Structural hedge’ / ‘hedging’
 An interest
rate hedge in place to reduce earnings volatility and to smoothen the income over a medium/long term on positions that exist within the balance sheet and do not
re-price
 in line with market rates. See also
‘Equity structural hedge’ and ‘Product structural hedge’.

‘Structural model of
default’
 A model based on the assumption that an obligor will default when its assets are insufficient to cover its liabilities.


‘Structured credit’
 Includes legacy structured credit
portfolio primarily comprising derivative exposure and financing exposure to structured credit vehicles.


‘Subordinated liabilities’
 Liabilities which, in the
event of insolvency or liquidation of the issuer, are subordinated to the claims of depositors and other creditors of the issuer.

‘Supranational bonds’
 Bonds issued by an international organisation, where membership transcends national boundaries (e.g. the European Union
or World Trade Organisation).

‘Synthetic Securitisation Transactions’
 Securitisation transactions effected through the use of derivatives.


‘Systemic Risk Buffer’
 CET1 capital that may be required
to be held as part of the Combined Buffer Requirement increasing the capacity of UK banks to absorb stress and limiting the damage to the economy as a results of restricted lending.


430 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Glossary of terms


‘Tangible net asset value’ Shareholders’
 equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.


‘Tangible net asset value per share’
 Shareholders’
equity excluding
non-controlling
 interests adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill, divided by the number of issued ordinary shares.


‘Tangible shareholders equity’
 Shareholders’ equity
excluding
non-controlling
 interests adjusted for the deduction of intangible assets and goodwill.

‘Term premium’
 Additional interest required by investors to hold assets with a longer period to maturity.


‘The three lines of defence’
 The three lines of defence
operating model enables Barclays to separate risk management activities between those client facing areas of the Group and associated support functions responsible for identifying risk, operating within applicable limits and escalating risk events
(first line); colleagues in Risk and Compliance who establish the limits, rules and constraints under which the first line operates and monitors their performance against those limits and constraints (second line); and, colleagues in Internal Audit
who provide assurance to the Board and Executive Management over the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control over risks (third line).

‘Tier 1 capital’
 The sum of the Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital.


‘Tier 1 capital ratio’
 The ratio which expresses Tier 1
capital as a percentage of Risk Weighted Assets under CRD IV.

‘Tier 2 (T2) capital’
 In the context of CRD IV, a type of capital as defined in the Capital Requirements Regulation.

‘Tier 2 (T2) securities’
 Securities that are treated as Tier 2 (T2) capital in the context of CRD IV.


‘Total capital ratio’
 Total Regulatory capital as a
percentage of Risk Weighted Assets.

‘Total outstanding balance’
 In retail banking, total outstanding balance is defined as the gross
month-end
 customer balances on all accounts including accounts charged off to recoveries.


‘Total return swap’
 An instrument whereby the seller of protection receives the full return of the asset, including both the income and change in the capital value of the asset. The buyer of the protection in return receives a
predetermined amount.

‘Total balances on forbearance programmes coverage ratio’
 Impairment allowance held against Forbearance balances expressed as a percentage of balance in forbearance.

‘Traded Market Risk’
 The risk of a reduction to earnings or capital due to volatility of trading book positions.


‘Trading book’
 All positions in financial instruments
and commodities held by an institution either with trading intent, or in order to hedge positions held with trading intent.

‘Traditional Securitisation Transactions’
 Securitisation transactions in which an underlying pool of assets generates cash flows to service
payments to investors.

‘Transitional’
 In the
context of CRD IV a measure is described as transitional when the transitional provisions set out in Part Ten of the CRD IV Regulation are applied in its calculation.


‘Unencumbered’
 Assets not used to secure liabilities or
otherwise pledged.

‘United Kingdom (UK)’

Geographic segment where Barclays operates comprising the UK. Also see ‘Europe’.

‘UK Bank
levy’
 A levy that applies to UK banks, building societies and the UK operations of foreign banks. The levy is payable based on a percentage of the chargeable equity and liabilities of the
bank on its balance sheet date.

‘UK leverage exposure’
 Is calculated as per the updated PRA rulebook, where the average exposure calculation also includes the FPC’s recommendation to allow firms to exclude claims on the central bank from the calculation of
the leverage exposure measure, as long as these are matched by deposits denominated in the same currency and of identical or longer maturity.


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 431


Glossary of terms


‘UK leverage ratio’
 As per the updated PRA rulebook, is calculated as the average capital measure divided by the average exposure measure for the quarter, where the average is based on the capital and exposure measure on the
last day of each month in the quarter.

‘US Partner Portfolio’

Co-branded
 credit card programs with companies across various sectors including travel, entertainment, retail and financial sectors.


‘US Residential Mortgages’
 Securities that represent
interests in a group of US residential mortgages.

‘Utilisation rate’
 Utilisation of MCA balances expressed as a percentage of total MCA reserve limits.

‘Valuation weighted Loan to Value (LTV) Ratio’
 In the context of credit risk disclosures on secured home loans, a means of calculating marked
to market LTVs derived by comparing total outstanding balance and the value of total collateral we hold against these balances. Valuation weighted loan to value is calculated using the following formula: LTV = total outstandings in portfolio/total
property values of total outstandings in portfolio.

‘Value at Risk (VaR)’
 See ‘DVaR’.


‘Weighted off balance sheet commitments’
 Regulatory
add-ons
 to the leverage exposure measure based on credit conversion factors used in the Standardised Approach to credit risk.


‘Wholesale loans’ / ‘lending’
 Lending to
larger businesses, financial institutions and sovereign entities.


‘Write-off’

Refers to the point where it is determined that an asset is irrecoverable, or it is no longer considered economically viable to try to recover the asset or it is deemed immaterial or full and final settlement is reached and the shortfall written
off. In the event of
write-off,
 the customer balance is removed from the balance sheet and the impairment allowance held against the asset is released.


‘Wrong-way

risk’
 Arises, in a trading exposure, when there is significant correlation between the underlying asset and the counterparty, which in the event of default would lead to a significant
mark to market loss. When assessing the credit exposure of a
wrong-way
 trade, analysts take into account the correlation between the counterparty and the underlying asset as part of the sanctioning process.


432 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Shareholder information Barclays shareholding


  Key dates

  5 April 2018

  Final dividend payment date


  26 April 2018

  Q1 Results Announcement

  1 May 2018


  Annual General Meeting, at 10.00am

  17 September 2018

  Interim dividend payment date


Annual General Meeting (AGM)


This year’s AGM will be held at the QEII Centre, Westminster, London SW1P 3EE, on Tuesday, 1 May 2018 at 10.00am.


The Chairman and Chief Executive will update shareholders on our performance in 2017 and our goals for 2018. Shareholders will also have the
opportunity to ask the Board questions at the meeting.


You can find out more at home.barclays/agm


Donations to charity


We launched a Share Dealing Service in October 2017 aimed at shareholders with relatively small shareholdings
for whom it might otherwise be uneconomical to deal. One option open to shareholders was to donate their sale proceeds to ShareGift. As a result of this initiative, more than £61,000 was donated in 2017, taking the total donated since 2015 to
over £299,000.


Returning funds to shareholders


Over 60,000 shareholders did not cash their Shares Not Taken Up (SNTU) cheque following the Rights Issue in
September 2013. In 2017, we continued the tracing process to reunite these shareholders with their SNTU monies and any unclaimed dividends. By the end of the year, we had returned over £4.5m to our shareholders.


Keep your personal details up to date


Please remember to tell Equiniti if:


◾   you move


◾   you need to update your bank or building society details.

If you are a
Shareview member, you can update your bank or building society account or address details online. If you hold 2,500 shares or less, you can update details quickly and easily over the telephone using the Equiniti contact details overleaf. If you hold
more than 2,500 shares you will need to write to Equiniti. You must provide a copy of your share certificate, Sharestore statement or most recent dividend confirmation. If these are not available, you will need to provide a copy of a utility bill or
bank statement dated in the last three months.

Dividends


The final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2017 will be 2.0 pence per share, making the 2017 total dividend 3.0 pence.


Barclays understands the importance of the ordinary dividend for our shareholders. Barclays is
therefore committed to maintaining an appropriate balance between total cash returns to shareholders, investment in the business, and maintaining a strong capital position. Going forward, Barclays intends to pay an annual ordinary dividend that
takes into account these objectives and the medium-term earnings outlook of the Group. It is also the Board’s intention to supplement the ordinary dividends with additional returns to shareholders as and when appropriate.


The Board notes that in determining any proposed distributions to shareholders, the Board will consider the expectation of servicing more senior
securities.

For 2018, Barclays anticipates resuming a total cash dividend of 6.5p, subject to regulatory approvals.


How do Barclays shareholders receive their dividends?


As at 31 December 2017, Barclays shareholders received their dividends in the following ways:


Save time and receive your dividends faster by choosing to have them paid directly into your bank or building
society account

It is easy to set up and your money will be in your bank account on the dividend payment date. If you hold 2,500
shares or less, you can provide your bank or building society details quickly and easily over the telephone using the Equiniti contact details overleaf. If you hold more than 2,500 shares, please contact Equiniti for details of how to change your
payment instruction.

Scrip Dividend Programme


Shareholders can choose to have their dividends reinvested in new ordinary Barclays shares through the Scrip Dividend Programme.


More information, including the Terms and Conditions and application form, are available on our website.


.   To find out more, contact Equiniti or visit home.barclays/dividends


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 433


Useful contact details


Equiniti


The Barclays share register is maintained by Equiniti. If you have any questions about
your Barclays shares, please contact Equiniti by visiting shareview.co.uk


Equiniti 0371 384 2055 a (in the UK)
+ 44 121 415 7004 (from overseas) 0371 384 2255 a (for the hearing impaired in the UK) +44 121 415 7028 (for the hearing
impaired from overseas)


Aspect House, Spencer Road, Lancing, West Sussex BN99 6DA

American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


ADRs represent the ownership of Barclays PLC shares which are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. ADRs carry prices, and pay dividends, in US
dollars.


If you have any questions about ADRs, please contact J.P.Morgan:
J.P.Morgan: jpmorgan.adr@wellsfargo.com or visit adr.com


J.P.Morgan Shareholder Services +1 800 990 1135 (toll free in US and
Canada)
+1 651 453 2128 (outside the US and Canada)


JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. PO Box 64504 St Paul MN 55164-0504 USA

Shareholder Relations


To give us your feedback or if you have any questions, please contact:
privateshareholderrelations@barclays.com


Shareholder Relations Barclays PLC 1 Churchill Place London E14 5HP

Share price


Information on the Barclays share price and other share price tools are available
at: home.barclays/investorrelations


Managing your shares online


Shareview


Barclays shareholders can go online to manage their shareholding and find out about Barclays performance by joining Shareview.


Through Shareview, you:


◾   will receive the latest updates from Barclays direct to your email


◾   can update your address and bank details online


◾   can vote in advance of general meetings.


To join Shareview, please follow these three easy steps:
Step 1   Go to portfolio.shareview.co.uk
Step 2   Register for electronic communications by following the instructions on screen
Step 3   You will be sent an activation code in the post the next working day


Shareholder security Shareholders should be wary of any cold calls with an offer to buy or sell shares. Fraudsters use persuasive and high-pressure techniques to lure
shareholders into high-risk investments or scams. You should treat any unsolicited calls with caution. Please keep in mind that firms authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) are unlikely to contact you out of the blue. You should consider
getting independent financial or professional advice from someone unconnected to the respective firm before you hand over any money.
Report a scam If you suspect that
you have been approached by fraudsters please tell the FCA using the share fraud reporting form at fca.org.uk/scams. You can also call the FCA Helpline on 0800 111 6768 or through Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040.


Alternative formats


Shareholder documents can be provided in large print, audio CD or Braille free of charge by calling Equiniti. 0371 384 2055
a
 (in the UK) +44 121 415 7004 (from overseas)

Audio versions of the
Strategic Report will also be available at the AGM


Note


a   Lines open 8.30am to 5.30pm (UK time) Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays.


434 Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F


Front cover image

Out of Africa, into new territory

After more than 150 years on the continent, the decision to sell down Barclays’
investment in Africa was not an easy one. But with people like Win Chung and Sophia Aluko working hard to ensure a thoughtful separation, we broke new ground for Barclays in 2017.


This Report is printed on Cocoon Preprint made from 100%
FSC
®
 Recycled certified fibre sourced from
de-inked
 post-consumer waste. The printer and the manufacturing mill are both credited with ISO14001
Environmental Management Systems Standard and both are FSC
®
 certified. By printing this publication on Cocoon Preprint, the environmental impact was reduced by: 4,952 kg of landfill, 732 kg CO
and greenhouse gases, 102,989 litres of water, 9,490 kWh of energy and 8,046 kg of wood.

Source: Carbon footprint data evaluated by
Labelia Conseil in accordance with the Bilan Carbone methodology. Calculations are based on a comparison between the recycled paper used versus a virgin fibre paper according to the latest European BREF data (virgin fibre paper) available.


Registered office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP


©

Barclays Bank PLC
2018
                                    000000


Registered in England. Registered No: 48839

Designed by FleishmanHillard Fishburn www.fhflondon.co.uk


Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC 2017 Annual Report on Form 20-F 435


EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit   Description
1.1   Articles of Association of Barclays PLC (incorporated by reference to the Form 6-K filed on May 2 nd , 2013)
1.2   Articles of Association of Barclays Bank PLC (incorporated by reference to the Form 6-K filed on May 13 th , 2010)
2.1   Long Term Debt Instruments: Neither Barclays PLC nor Barclays Bank PLC is party to any single instrument relating to long-term debt pursuant to which a total amount of securities exceeding 10% of
either Barclays PLC’s or Barclays Bank PLC’s total assets (on a consolidated basis) is authorised to be issued. Each of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC hereby agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission”), upon its request, a copy of any instrument defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt or the rights of holders of the long-term debt of any of its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial
statements are required to be filed with the Commission.
4.1   Rules of the Barclays Group Incentive Share Plan (incorporated by reference to the Barclays PLC Registration
 Statement on Form S-8 (File no. 333-153723) filed on September 29 th , 2008)
4.2   Rules of the Barclays Group Share Value Plan (incorporated by reference to the 2013 Form 20-F filed on March 14 th . 2014)
4.3   Rules of the Barclays PLC Long Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Barclays PLC Registration
 Statement on Form S-8 (File no. 333-173899) filed on May 3 rd , 2011)
4.4   Rules of the Barclays Group Deferred Share Value Plan (incorporate by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on Feburary 23 rd , 2017)
4.5   Contract of Employment – Tushar Morzaria (Incorporated by reference to the 2014 Form 20-F filed on March 14 th , 2014)
4.6   Appointment Letter – Reuben Jeffery III (incorporated by reference to the 2009 Form 20-F filed on March 19 th , 2010)
4.7   Appointment Letter – Dambisa Moyo (incorporated by reference to the 2010 Form 20-F filed on March 21 st , 2011)
4.8   Appointment Letter – Tim Breedon (incorporated by reference to the 2012 Form 20-F filed on March 13 th , 2013)
4.9   Appointment Letter – Michael Ashley (Incorporated by reference to the 2013 Form 20-F filed on March 14 th , 2014)
4.10   Appointment Letter—Crawford Gillies (Incorporated by reference to the 2014 Form 20-F filed on March 3 rd , 2015)
4.11   Appointment Letter— John McFarlane (Incorporated by reference to the 2014 Form 20-F filed on March 3 rd , 2015)
4.12   Appointment Letter – Sir Gerry Grimstone (incorporated by reference to the 2015 Form 20-F filed on March 1 st , 2016)
4.13   Appointment Letter – Diane Schueneman (incorporated by reference to the 2015 Form 20-F filed on March 1 st , 2016)
4.14   Contract of employment – James E Staley (incorporated by reference to the 2015 Form 20-F filed on March 1 st , 2016)
4.15   Transfer of Employment – James E Staley (incorporate by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on Feburary 23 rd , 2017)
4.16   Transfer of Employment – Tushar Morzaria (incorporate by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on Feburary 23 rd , 2017)
4.17   Appointment Letter – Mary Francis (incorporate by reference to the 2016 Form 20-F filed on Feburary 23 rd , 2017)
4.18   Appointment Letter – Sir Ian Cheshire
4.19   Appointment Letter – Mike Turner
4.20   Appointment Letter – Matthew Lester
7.1   Ratios of earnings to fixed charges. The calculations can be found in the Barclays Bank PLC financial data on page 410 of the Form
20-F.


7.2   Ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations. The calculations can be found in the Barclays Bank PLC financial data on page
 410 of the Form 20-F.
7.3   Ratios of earnings to fixed charges. The calculations can be found in the Barclays PLC financial data on page 385 of the Form
20-F.
7.4   Ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges, preference share dividends and similar appropriations. The calculations can be found in the Barclays PLC financial data on page 385
 of the Form 20-F.
8.1   List of subsidiaries. The list of subsidiaries of Barclays PLC can be found on pages 295 to 300 of the Form 20-F.
11.1   Code of Ethics
12.1   Certifications filed pursuant to 17 CFR 240. 13(a)-14(a)
13.1   Certifications filed pursuant to 17 CFR 240. 13(a) and 18 U.S.C 1350(a) and 1350(b)
15.1   Consent of KPMG LLP for incorporation by reference of reports in certain securities registration statements of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC.
15.2   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for incorporation by reference of reports in certain securities registration statements of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC.
99.1   A table setting forth the issued share capital of Barclays PLC and the Barclays PLC Group’s total shareholders’ equity, indebtedness and contingent liabilities as
 at 31 December 2017
99.2   A table setting forth the issued share capital of Barclays Bank PLC and the Barclays Bank PLC Group’s total shareholders’ equity, indebtedness and contingent liabilities
 as at 31 December 2017


Signatures


The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it
has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.


Date February 22 nd , 2018   Barclays PLC (Registrant)
By   /s/ Tushar Morzaria
Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that it has duly caused and authorised the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.


Date February 22 nd , 2018   Barclays Bank PLC (Registrant)
By   /s/ Tushar Morzaria
Tushar Morzaria, Group Finance Director

