                   Taking
                   control of




For personal use only
                   our future.


                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For personal use only
                    This report is part of our suite of
                    reporting for the 2022 financial year.
                    You can find more information about
                    our per formance in our Full Year
                    Results Investor Presentation.
For personal use only
                        CONTENTS
                          04 FY22 Highlights

                          06 Chair’s Report

                          08 CEO’s Report

                           10 Our FY22 Strategy

                           12 FY22 Business Review

                            16 People & Culture

                            18 FY23 Priorities & Growth Outlook

                             20 Sustainability Report FY22

                             38 Board of Directors

                              42 Directors’ Report

                              93 Auditor’s Independence Declaration

                               94 Financial Report

                               99 Notes to the Financial Statements

                                171 Directors’ Declaration

                                172 Independent Auditor’s Report

                                179 Shareholder Information

                                 185 Corporate Directory



                                                                      01
                        WHO WE ARE AND WHY WE EXIST




                   Who we




For personal use only
                   are and why
                   we exist
                    OUR PURPOSE

                    Create a world where
                    people can live fearlessly
                    today, knowing they’re
                    in control of tomorrow.

                    OUR MISSION

                    To be the first payment
                    choice, everywhere
                    and every day.

                    WHY WE EXIST

                    We have the opportunity
                    to rebalance the payments
                    landscape, putting people,
                    not financial institutions,
                    in the centre.

                    We make money by bringing customers and merchants
                    together in a way that provides value for both by providing
                    simple, fair and transparent products and services. We give
                    people the knowledge, access and ability to control their
                    f inancial lives, because we believe that when people are
                    in control of tomorrow, they can live fearlessly today.
                    That belief extends to our own people. We give Zipsters the
                    access and support they need to be fearless. When Zipsters
                    act without fear they create a better world for themselves,
                    our customers, merchants and our communities.




                    02 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    VALUES

                    We’re proud to be a values-led
                    business. Our values guide us in
                    everything we do – how we work
                    together and create game-changing
                    experiences for our customers
                    and fellow Zipsters.


                                 CUSTOMER FIRST

                                 Put our customers and
                                 merchants at the centre
                                 of everything we do.


                                 OWN IT

                                 See a problem, own the
                                 solution. We make decisions
                                 and commit, aligning our work
                                 to Zip’s highest priorities.


                                 CHANGE THE GAME

                                 Cross new boundaries.
                                 Experiment, ship, iterate
                                 and repeat to reach the
                                 best outcome for everyone.


                                 STRONGER TOGETHER

                                 Think ‘we’ not ‘me’.
                                 We collaborate across
                                 Zip to bridge divides and
                                 achieve common goals.




                                                                 03
                        PERFORMANCE




                   FY22
                   Highlights




For personal use only
                    FY22
                    SNAPSHOT


                    $8.7b
                    TOTAL TRANSACTION
                    VOLUMES (TTV) UP 51%




                    11.4m
                    CUSTOMERS
                    UP 56%




                    90,700
                    MERCHANTS
                    UP 77%




                    $620.0m
                    REVENUE
                    UP 57%




                    04 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    2.3%                                7.1%                          $203.7m
                    CASH NET                        REVENUE MARGIN                    CASH GROSS PROFIT




For personal use only
                    TRANSACTION                     UP FROM 6.8%                      UP 12%
                    MARGIN




                    FY22 OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS
                    Increasing customer             More value for merchants          Sustainability and social impact
                    engagement                      We onboarded a signif icant       We extended our measurable
                    In FY22, we added 4.1 million   number of new enterprise          objectives for gender balance
                    net new customers to            merchants in core markets         to 40% women/40% men/20%
                    the Zip plat form. Customer     including Top 100 US Retailers    any gender at all employee
                    engagement has continued        Best Buy and Bed Bath &           levels, including for our
                    to rise led by the adoption     Beyond in the US, and             Executive team and the Board
                    of the Zip App which has        Qantas and Virgin in Australia.   by FY26. We also continued
                    an App store rating of 4.9      Our merchant partners directly    our community partnering
                    (across the US and AU).         benef it from the increase of     with Women Who Code and
                                                    56% more customers on the         The Pinnacle Foundation
                                                    Zip plat form.                    and maintained a strong
                                                                                      focus on employee health
                                                    Balance sheet strength
                                                                                      and wellbeing.
                                                    Zip remains well funded with
                                                    suff icient cash and liquidity,
                                                    to deliver on group cash
                                                    EBTDA prof itability in FY24.




                                                                                                                         05
                        CHAIR’S REPORT




                   Chair’s




For personal use only
                   Report


                    DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
                    As I reflect on the past 12 months, it is clear                  In FY22, we continued expansion into
                    that FY22 has been another year of signif icant                  geographies outside ANZ and the US as
                    growth for Zip in terms of revenue, customer                     part of our global growth strategy. While we
                    and merchant numbers. This has also been a                       still believe BNPL is globally relevant, the
                    period of consolidation for Zip in the face of                   market signif icantly shif ted in the second half
                    geopolitical crises, continued COVID-19 impacts,                 of the year, requiring a review of strategy.
                    economic uncertainties, and market turbulence.                   An assessment of the current market conditions
                                                                                     has meant that we must be more judicious with
                    Zip has sharpened its focus on two areas.
                                                                                     our investments and reflect on whether they
                    First enabling customers and merchants to
                                                                                     can contribute towards our pursuit of positive
                    navigate this challenging time and second
                                                                                     group cash flow. Even facing global headwinds,
                    to better position the business to deliver on
                                                                                     Zip remains the right company, with the right
                    our strategic priorities. Zip continues to help
                                                                                     product, at the right time with a clear plan and
                    support merchants by enhancing the way they
                                                                                     focused strategy.
                    interact with the consumer.
                                                                                     In April Zip success fully raised $172.7 million
                    In a rising interest rate and inflationary
                                                                                     through a fully underwritten institutional
                    environment, giving consumers a zero-interest
                                                                                     placement and share purchase plan, providing
                    payment option that enables spreading costs
                                                                                     the Company with the capital to progress our
                    over time remains an attractive proposition.
                                                                                     strategic priorities. The focus for Zip is on
                    Over the past year, however, a combination of
                                                                                     becoming self-suff icient, and the Board and
                    both internal and external factors contributed
                                                                                     management team has acted decisively,
                    to credit losses increasing outside our targeted
                                                                                     choosing to refocus on Zip’s core markets
                    range. Management moved to adjust risk
                                                                                     of ANZ and the US. As BNPL penetration in
                    settings with both new and existing customers
                                                                                     ANZ and US sits well below 2% of the total
                    to lower credit losses back to target levels.
                                                                                     addressable market 1, Zip is well placed to
                    Due to our product construct and short
                                                                                     claim meaningful share.
                    recycling of the loan book we have seen
                    immediate improvements in port folio                             During the year, Zip also announced the
                    management and collections.                                      acquisition of Sezzle as part of the US
                                                                                     strategy. Given the changes to the broader
                                                                                     macroeconomic environment and market
                                                                                     conditions since signing, we believed it to
                                                                                     be in the best interests of the Company and
                                                                                     shareholders to mutually agree to terminate
                                                                                     the proposed transaction.




                    1. Total addressable market represented by total payment value for Australia, New Zealand and the US in 2021.
                       Source Worldpay 2022.




                    06 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                       Even facing global
                                                                       headwinds, Zip remains




For personal use only
                                                                       the right company, with
                                                                       the right product, at the
                                                                       right time with a clear plan
                                                                       and focused strategy.”




                    As a Board, we continue to devote time to          I am pleased that this year we reviewed and
                    developing robust governance frameworks            extended our measurable objectives for gender
                    that guide the business as it scales without       diversity to 40% women/40% men/20% any
                    hindering innovation and speed. We have            gender at all levels, including for our Executive
                    always been proactive in terms of our              Team and the Board. We have made steady
                    approach to our obligations and are attuned        progress towards these targets and our
                    to the regulatory environment. Zip supports        Sustainability Report which is found later
                    appropriate, f it-for-purpose regulatory           in the Annual Report outlines the breadth
                    changes. Given our approach, this may              of our activities.
                    give us an additional operating advantage.
                                                                       To the Directors and management team,
                    Responsible lending and real care for the
                                                                       thank you for your clear thinking and decisive
                    consumer has always been in our DNA,
                                                                       actions. I would like to thank Pippa Downes for
                    reflected in our actions to conduct credit
                                                                       her contribution to the Zip Board and welcome
                    and affordability checks on our customers.
                                                                       Meredith Scott. To our Zipsters, your hard work,
                    Zip’s people-centred culture of innovation is      character and commitment directly improves
                    a key point of differentiation for our business.   our business. To our Shareholders, thank you
                    This year has seen the impact of continued         for your ongoing support of our business. I trust
                    investments in our capabilities contributing       you see the great potential in Zip’s future.
                    to our resilience and competitive positioning.
                                                                       There are exciting opportunities ahead. I am
                    While Zip reduced headcount in the second
                                                                       pleased with how the team is executing on its
                    half of FY22 in line with a desire to reduce our
                                                                       plan to support our mission and drive long-term
                    global cost base, this also removed duplication
                                                                       shareholder value. The past nine years of
                    and made our organisation simpler and more
                                                                       unprecedented growth is just the beginning of
                    eff icient. We also recruited, redeployed and
                                                                       the Zip journey. For Zip, FY23 has the potential
                    retained talent in key areas that required
                                                                       to be another year of great achievements.
                    additional focus. This year we welcomed
                    Cynthia Scott as Managing Director for the
                    ANZ business. It is the f irst time we have
                    appointed a dedicated lead to our core operating
                    region. Cynthia’s extensive experience and
                    drive has already paid dividends.                  Diane Smith-Gander AO
                    Zip knows that businesses with greater             Chair
                    diversity achieve improved long-term outcomes.
                    Though we have taken many steps including
                    implementing a global strategy for Diversity,
                    Equity and Inclusion there is still more to do.




                                                                                                                       07
                        CEO’S REPORT




                   CEO’s




For personal use only
                   Report


                                                                          We have increased
                                                                          our focus on ANZ, where
                                                                          we are currently cash
                                                                          flow positive, and the
                                                                          US, where there is a
                                                                          clear path to being
                                                                          cash flow positive
                                                                          in the near term.”



                    DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
                    It is important to reflect on how rapidly the world   We also recognise larger f inancial institutions
                    is changing. There are continued impacts from         are entering the market, demonstrating that our
                    COVID-19; war is deeply affecting Ukraine and its     product offering is resonating with consumers.
                    neighbours; inflation is rapidly emerging in major    There is substantial potential for fast and
                    economies; and interest rate rises are being felt     signif icant adoption with Zip at the forefront of
                    by consumers.                                         this wave. We will continue to devote resources
                                                                          to support our objective of sustainable growth
                    Against this backdrop of tremendous uncertainty,
                                                                          and building a prof itable business at scale.
                    we at Zip are responding to the rapid change in
                    market dynamics. We started the year executing        This year we have welcomed onto the
                    on our global growth strategy. Though we are          Zip plat form major brands such as Best Buy,
                    now a large company we remain agile and               Bed Bath & Beyond, Qantas and Virgin Australia.
                    nimble. In line with this, we have proactively        This expands our presence to over 90,000
                    adjusted our strategy with a ref ined focus on        merchants across electronics, homewares,
                    sustainable growth, strong unit economics             travel and for everyday spend categories and
                    and cost management. This focus allows                demonstrates that we are not solely reliant on
                    us to fast-track prof itability and we have           the traditional discretionary spend verticals of
                    taken decisive actions aligned with these             fashion and beauty.
                    strategic priorities.
                                                                          Our ongoing product development continues
                    We have increased our focus on ANZ, where             to provide signif icant value and benef its to our
                    we are currently cash flow positive, and the US,      customers, such as enhancing the experience
                    where there is a clear path to being cash flow        of being able to shop anywhere with Zip Money
                    positive in the near term. We are well positioned     and the ability to redeem rewards in store
                    in these markets and continue to build deeper         in Australia.
                    relationships with our customers and merchants.


                    08 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    In the US, we made changes to lif t our innovation              Responding to the current operating environment
                    and product engineering capabilities, including                 required unif ied, company-wide alignment of our




For personal use only
                    welcoming a Global CTO and launching a physical                 thinking, culture and focus. The rapid shif t in the
                    card which is key to unlocking the large                        external environment also saw us mutually agree
                    addressable instore opportunity. This also                      to terminate the proposed merger agreement
                    provides support to our merchant partners                       with Sezzle with both businesses opting to focus
                    seeking to drive continued growth through new                   on their core strategy and we wish the Sezzle
                    customer acquisition and higher value purchases.                team all the best in FY23.
                    While we have made several investments in                       As we look to FY23, we continue to execute on
                    BNPL companies in key territories worldwide,                    our strategy at pace, building on the momentum
                    competition is more intense than ever with                      we have achieved this year. We have bolstered
                    several companies entering the market.                          the global executive team to better handle both
                    BNPL in these markets remains attractive though                 regional and functional execution. Among our
                    during FY22 we reduced our focus on non-core                    hires this year, we welcome Cynthia Scott
                    markets in line with our refocused strategy.                    (ex Scentre Group, Foxtel, Telstra) who joined
                    A focus on markets which are already cash                       as Managing Director for ANZ, Ahu Chhapgar
                    flow positive or will be in the near-term, has                  (ex-PayPal, Mastercard, Citi) who joined as
                    allowed us to simplif y our organisation and                    Global Chief Technology O ff icer and
                    increase management focus on core territories.                  Ram Muthaiyan as US Chief Credit O ff icer
                    A strategic review of our Rest of World                         (with 17 years’ experience from JP Morgan).
                    businesses is underway.
                                                                                    While our near-term focus on prof itability
                    Despite the complexity of navigating these                      has tempered our top-line growth rate, the
                    challenges, it has been a year of continued                     continued growth of the business across all
                    growth with Zip processing transaction volumes                  key metrics in the face of signif icant external
                    of almost $9 billion (up 51%) and revenue of                    challenges proves the resilience of the Zip
                    $620.0 million (up 57%). We ended FY22 with                     business. In the US alone, the addressable
                    11.4 million customers and over 90,000 integrated               market is estimated to be over $10 trillion
                    merchants globally. Our core customer base                      and BNPL penetration is still under 2% 1.
                    is transacting more of ten with the top 20%                     This demonstrates the signif icant size,
                    of Australian customers transacting over                        and early stage of the BNPL opportunity
                    70 times per year.                                              that we are positioned to capture.
                    With interest rates and inflation rising, we are on             We remain as driven as ever to achieve the
                    the side of the consumer by providing a better                  best long-term outcomes for our customers,
                    and fairer digital alternative to the credit card.              merchants and deliver long-term shareholder
                    We help individuals better manage their f inances               value. A signif icant portion of the management
                    by offering a zero-interest payment option.                     team and the employees’ remuneration is
                    This benef it is highlighted in the accelerating                tied to the share price, and we feel these
                    rate of adoption by consumers – In FY22 we                      movements alongside our loyal investor base.
                    grew customer numbers by 56%. We continue to
                                                                                    We are well funded and positioned to execute
                    receive positive customer reviews and feedback
                                                                                    on our strategy and the signif icant market
                    about how Zip helps them budget and is simple,
                                                                                    opportunity as we aim to take control of our
                    transparent and easy to use. Importantly, our
                                                                                    future. I thank everyone connected with Zip for
                    rapid repayment cycle is also more resilient than
                                                                                    their tireless and valuable contribution. The
                    other consumer credit businesses, allowing us
                                                                                    dedication and execution by our Zipsters, the
                    to rapidly adjust our risk settings and minimise
                                                                                    focus of our leadership team, and guidance of
                    losses with dynamic port folio management.
                                                                                    our Board sees us well placed to meet the
                    Our differentiated two-sided revenue model
                                                                                    challenges and capitalise on the opportunities
                    also resonates with merchants providing us
                                                                                    going into FY23.
                    with the flexibility to maintain our margins in a
                    rising inflation and interest rate environment.
                    The past 12 months has made it clear that
                    a focused, agile business, guided by its
                    purpose and mission can emerge stronger
                                                                                    Larry Diamond
                    from challenging times. This year saw us pivot
                    to accelerate our path to prof itability as market              Global Chief Executive O ff icer
                    conditions shif ted.                                            and Managing Director


                    1. Total addressable market represented by total payment value for the US in 2021. Source Worldpay 2022


                                                                                                                                       09
                        OUR FY22 STRATEGY




                    Our FY22




For personal use only
                    Strategy


                    We started FY22 executing on
                    our global growth strategy and
                    our four main strategic priorities:

                    Deepen customer
                    engagement

                    Deliver more value
                    to merchants

                    Accelerate global expansion
                    and international growth

                    Uplift the knowledge,
                    capability and diversity
                    of our Zipsters




                    As the external environment and market
                    conditions rapidly shif ted, we proactively
                    adjusted our strategy.
                    At the HY22 results, we announced a refreshed
                    strategy with a plan to deliver on sustainable
                    growth in our core markets, strong unit economics
                    and improved cost management, to drive us
                    towards group prof itability during FY24.




                    10 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        THE THREE PILLARS OF OUR
                        REVISED STRATEGY WERE:

                        GROWTH
                        Continue to pursue sustainable growth in our core
                        markets, pursue enterprise merchant partnerships
                        and strengthen our balance sheet. Specif ically, in the
                        US this included targeted investments to grow and
                        scale a substantively untapped market for BNPL
                        and accelerate our path to prof itability. In ANZ,
                        this included delivering new products and services
                        to our highly engaged customer base.




                              UNIT ECONOMICS
                              Improve unit economics by taking actions to
                              improve cost of sales per formance through a
                              reduction in credit loss rates, increasing the
                              velocity of repayments and leveraging scale.




                                       COST
                                       MANAGEMENT
                                       Undertake a review of our global
                                       presence and right-size our global
                                       cost base, reducing duplication and
                                       non-core functions in line with our
                                       aim to achieve cash EBTDA prof itability
                                       as a group during FY24.




                                                                                  11
                        FY22 BUSINESS REVIEW




                   FY22
                                                             GROWTH IN CORE MARKETS




For personal use only
                                                             FOCUS ON CORE MARKETS ANZ AND US


                   Business
                                                             Australia is a maturing market for our
                                                             products. We have a robust and sustainable
                                                             model that has now delivered four years of



                   Review
                                                             positive cashflow, with a record prof it this year
                                                             demonstrating the prof itability and success
                                                             of the business at scale.
                                                             We remain focused on reaching new customers,
                                                             and in ANZ we signed up approximately 400,000
                                                             net new customers during FY22 to grow to
                                                             3.2 million customers as we expanded into new
                    This has been a year of continued        verticals through the new merchant
                    strong growth. We have reviewed          integrations. Engagement also continues to
                    and refined our priorities with a        deepen reflecting our versatile product set in
                                                             this market. More than 20% of Australian
                    focus on accelerating our path           customers adopted both Zip Pay and Zip Money
                    to profitability and have made           within six months of joining1, and monthly users
                                                             transacted on average four times in June alone.
                    progress with our three strategic
                                                             Growth in our core US market is a high priority
                    priorities – sustainable growth, unit    and this is a market where we have a clear and
                    economics and cost management.           near-term path to achieving positive cash flow.
                                                             At the end of FY22 we had 6.4 million customers
                                                             (up 45% YoY), $4.1 billion in transaction volumes
                                                             and following our global rebrand, the US business
                                                             experienced a 10% uplif t in brand awareness,
                                                             demonstrating our continued growth in
                                                             this market.




                                                             1. Based on the December, 2021 cohort.




                               Growth in our core US
                               market is a high priority
                               and this is a market
                               where we have a clear
                               and near-term path
                               to achieving positive
                               cash flow.”



                    12 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    In the US, we will be further expanding our                INCREASED CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT
                    instore processing capabilities following the




For personal use only
                                                                               Our continued focus on innovation is driving
                    launch of our physical card.
                                                                               customer engagement. More transactions
                    The US is on a path to positive cashflow and               and data allow us to provide insights and an
                    continues to scale at pace, with key shopping              increasingly personalised experience leading to
                    events driving new and returning customers                 more transactions and increased lifetime value.
                    to the Zip app. 218,000 unique customers                   This is enabled by the full breadth of checkout
                    transacted in the Zip app throughout the four              options we offer including online checkout,
                    day Black Friday Cyber Monday shopping event,              App, Virtual Card, Tap & Zip and Physical Card
                    with 60,000 new customers transacting and                  (US only). During FY22, we also integrated Zip
                    nearly 80,000 new app installs. In FY22, the top           technology within Microsof t Edge to create
                    10% of app customers were also transacting                 a more seamless shopping experience for
                    approximately 40 times per annum.                          our customers.
                    BNPL penetration remains low countrywide
                                                                               In Australia, we have improved personalisation
                    at less than 2% of the addressable market 2,
                                                                               in our rewards offering based on additional
                    and increasing this penetration provides
                                                                               customer feedback and transaction
                    a signif icant growth opportunity.
                                                                               loops, delivering value to customers via
                                                                               initiatives such as personalised instore
                    NEW ENTERPRISE MERCHANTS
                                                                               rewards. Through our new partnership with
                    We continue to onboard iconic brands in                    Qantas we are also providing customers the
                    both ANZ and the US which will drive top-line              ability to use Zip and earn Qantas Points.
                    growth. We have signed new enterprise                      The top 20% of ANZ customers are transacting
                    merchants including Best Buy, Bed Bath and                 70 times per year, and each year a customer
                    Beyond, eBay AU, JB Hi-Fi, Footlocker, Under               uses Zip the more embedded we become
                    Armour, Nespresso, Qantas, Virgin Australia,               as a preferred payment option.
                    Culture Kings and many more. In FY22, we
                                                                               In the US, NPS for new customers was +55 for
                    launched in several new categories, such as
                                                                               the six months to June 2022, with 74% of new
                    travel and expanded our presence in electronics
                                                                               users likely to recommend Zip. Though the
                    and homewares. Over 90 thousand (up 77% YoY)
                                                                               physical card has just entered the US market,
                    merchants are now integrated with Zip.
                                                                               it has already resonated strongly with our
                                                                               customers, signif icantly enhancing the number
                    2. Total addressable market represented by total payment
                                                                               of places and categories they can use Zip.
                       value for the US in 2021. Source Worldpay 2022.
                                                                               BALANCE SHEET STRENGTHENED
                                                                               TO SUPPORT GROWTH
                                                                               Our balance sheet is strong with available cash
                                                                               and liquidity of $278.6 million as of 30 June 2022.
                                                                               With our current plan, we believe this is suff icient
                                                                               capital to see us through to group positive
                                                                               cash flow. We also have signif icant capacity
                                                                               to grow receivables with funding headroom
                                                                               of $396.9 million in AU and US$183.1 million in
                                                                               the US of undrawn lines as of 30 June 2022.
                                                                               During the year, Zip also issued its f irst primary
                                                                               issuance under the Master Trust with an S&P
                                                                               AAA rating on its Australian Master Trust facility
                                                                               reflecting historical receivables per formance.




                                                                                                                                     13
                        FY22 BUSINESS REVIEW




                   FY22
                                                             IMPROVE UNIT ECONOMICS




For personal use only
                                                             ROBUST REVENUE MARGINS



                   Business
                                                             Revenue margins lif ted to 7.1% with our revenue
                                                             model outper forming Zip’s peers demonstrating
                                                             the resilience of our two-sided revenue model.



                   Review
                                                             We experienced growth in higher margin
                                                             products such a Zip Money and the Zip US app
                                                             and also implemented consumer repricing
                                                             initiatives in Australia. Strong revenue margins
                   Cont.                                     ensured the cash transaction margin remained
                                                             healthy at above 2%.

                                                             REDUCE CREDIT LOSS RATES
                                                             Declines in the FY22 cash transaction margin
                                                             reflected increased bad debt costs largely driven
                                                             by internal risk settings, external factors in the
                                                             US, and per formance in emerging markets.
                                                             Zip has implemented actions to improve credit
                                                             per formance, including adjusting risk settings
                                                             and decisioning policies for new customers,
                                                             tightened credit limit management for existing
                                                             customers, increasing payment flexibility for
                                                             customers, and improving its collections and
                                                             recoveries processes. These actions have had
                                                             an immediate effect on credit per formance with
                                                             late June cohorts expected to deliver a loss rate
                                                             of 2.2% in the US, and losses now trending
                                                             towards the target range in AU.

                                                             OPTIMISE REPAYMENTS, MITIGATING
                                                             INTEREST RATE RISES
                                                             We acknowledge the rising interest rate
                                                             environment but remain well-placed to mitigate
                                                             this impact with a fast recycling period on our
                                                             receivables and a number of levers at our
                                                             disposal to maintain margins. Interest costs as
                                                             a percentage of TTV improved 20 basis points
                                                             in FY22 driven by reduced rates on our US and
                                                             Australian facilities and faster book recycling
                                                             driven by US pay-in-4 volumes.
                                                             The US business is also particularly well-placed
                                                             to mitigate against interest rate rises with the
                                                             structure and short duration of our instalment
                                                             product (for example, in the US a ~25 basis
                                                             points increase in base rate increases cost of
                                                             funds by ~2 basis points per transaction).




                    14 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    OPTIMISE GLOBAL COST BASE




For personal use only
                    RIGHT-SIZE COST BASE
                    We are allocating capital and resources in line
                    with our strategy, to our core markets of ANZ
                    and US, and where we see the most signif icant
                    opportunity for prof itable growth in the near
                    term, in line with accelerating our path to
                    prof itability. We are currently conducting
                    a strategic review of our global footprint.
                    Consistent with this approach, during the
                    year we restructured our global organisation
                    to realise eff iciencies, and create a leaner
                    operation, and made proactive changes to
                    reduce our global cost base. The actions
                    involved an internal reorganisation to reduce
                    complexity and to support more eff icient growth
                    in the core ANZ and US markets. We expect
                    these actions to deliver benef its to global people
                    costs of approximately $30 million in FY23
                    (on H2 FY22 run rates), with further room for
                    cost eff iciencies as we execute with a more
                    simplif ied and focused strategy.
                    In ANZ, it also led to a prioritisation of
                    resources towards core products, and
                    we made the decision to discontinue our
                    Zip Business products, Trade and Trade Plus,
                    and deprioritise previously planned new
                    f inancial services products (such as crypto
                    and investment products).

                    GLOBAL FOOTPRINT REVIEW
                    TO REDUCE CASH BURN
                    Consistent with our focus on core markets, we
                    reviewed our capital allocation and resources
                    across our global footprint and are increasing
                    our focus and investment on markets which
                    are either already prof itable or have a near
                    and clear path to prof itability to accelerate
                    the group’s path to prof itability and deliver
                    greater value for shareholders.
                    Specif ically, at the end of FY22, Zip decided to
                    close its Singapore business and in August also
                    made the decision to close its UK operations,
                    consistent with the aim to reduce group cash
                    burn. We are continuing to consider options for
                    the other Rest of World businesses as part of
                    our strategic review. To reflect current market
                    conditions and the reallocation of investment
                    capital across the group, we also took a one-off
                    impairment charge relating to our investments
                    in the US, UK, Spotii and Twisto.




                                                                          15
                        PEOPLE & CULTURE




                   People




For personal use only
                   & Culture
                    Over the last 12 months, we focused on building the
                    capability of our senior leaders, as well as establishing
                    career development plans, wellbeing programs and diversity
                    initiatives. This has been both to support per formance and
                    maintain the high levels of employee engagement that have
                    defined our culture. Our overall employee engagement score
                    in FY22 was healthy at 80% and our latest employee survey
                    shows that employees are highly engaged and that we provide
                    a workplace that strongly supports employee wellbeing.


                    During the year our focus has shif ted              (a mental health social movement that
                    from global expansion to growth in core             empowers people to be real about how
                    markets. We have been investing in lowering         they feel), quarterly mental health days,
                    our operational costs, diversif ying our talent     and broader employee benef its based on
                    and increasing internal mobility to improve         health and f itness goals in ANZ.
                    productivity, eff iciency and career
                                                                        Our initiatives this year built on existing support
                    development opportunities.
                                                                        and benef its we provide to our employees such
                    This investment coupled with a combination of       as flexible work culture, paid volunteering leave
                    hybrid and remote-f irst working has increased      and family support policies (including parental
                    the importance of developing our people to          leave, miscarriage and stillbirth leave and family
                    effectively scale high per forming teams. We are    and domestic violence leave). During FY22, we
                    setting the right people foundations, creating an   also extended Zip’s miscarriage bereavement
                    environment where Zipsters grow, develop and        leave to support US Zip employees to travel to
                    do their best work, by investing in their leaders   obtain out of state support if required to
                    and fostering a globally consistent culture.        terminate a pregnancy.

                    FOCUS ON EMPLOYEE WELLBEING                         SUPPORTING OUR PEOPLE
                    Zip continues to recognise both our                 We have invested in our people policies
                    responsibility to provide a safe and inclusive      and processes to ensure they are compliant,
                    working environment which enables everyone          relevant and up to date in a post-pandemic
                    to thrive and our role in supporting wellbeing      world. We have introduced a Global Mobility
                    and promoting equity and inclusion in the           Policy and uplif ted our Learning and
                    f inancial technology industry. In line with        Development Process. Our aim is to develop
                    this, we have maintained our strong focus           clear opportunities to attract talent and
                    on employee mental health and wellbeing,            encourage our people to grow with the company
                    including partnering with Heart on My Sleeve        and deliver optimal outcomes for customers.




                    16 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                            Doing meaningful




For personal use only
                                                                            work with people who
                                                                            are engaged at work
                                                                            attracts individuals
                                                                            to Zip, motivates
                                                                            employees in their
                                                                            work and influences
                                                                            retention.”




                    INVESTING IN LEADERSHIP                                 TOTAL REWARDS
                    AND DEVELOPMENT                                         We have invested in refreshing our existing
                                                                            job architecture and career development
                    PEOPLE LEADERSHIP                                       frameworks to be more global, robust and
                    Doing meaningful work with people who                   scalable in nature. We have also redesigned
                    are engaged at work attracts individuals to             our global total rewards philosophy to be
                    Zip, motivates employees in their work and              defendable, consistent and attractive to
                    influences retention. We have hired experienced         different locations and work force segments.
                    leaders in ANZ and the US that inspire and              We are in the process of designing for broader
                    lead our teams. Key new leadership hires                transparency a global compensation framework
                    included Cynthia Scott (ANZ MD), Ahu Chhapgar           and program that would allow Zip to maintain
                    (Global CTO), Ram Muthaiyan (US Chief Credit            the flexibility of trans fer between countries
                    O ff icer) and Levi Aron (US Chief Growth O ff icer).   while providing employees a fair and
                    Zip’s leaders invest time in knowing and                consistent remuneration.
                    supporting their people, ensuring they’re doing
                    meaningful work and providing regular                   TECHNOLOGY AND
                    development feedback.                                   WORKFLOW OPTIMISATION
                                                                            We have invested in our people technology
                    MANAGER DEVELOPMENT                                     stack, process optimisation and people
                    We are continuing to develop resources                  analytics in FY22 to uplif t our employee
                    including a manager hub, management training            experience and help leaders deliver measurable
                    and development programs to improve the                 results. We are implementing actionable people
                    leadership capability of our teams and further          analytics dashboards for our functional leaders
                    enhance the Zipster experience. The intention is        and people partners for faster data-driven
                    for this to be integrated into everyday work flow,      decisions. In addition to our technology stack,
                    not in one off moments.                                 we are optimizing and automating all our
                                                                            work flows to make people processes more
                    At the executive level we have commenced                eff icient and effective.
                    strategic succession planning and embedded
                    regular talent mapping in our core markets.
                    This will ensure we grow our talent pipeline to
                    sustain our culture, business knowledge and
                    leadership in our core markets.


                                                                                                                          17
                        FY23 PRIORITIES & GROWTH OUTLOOK




                   FY23 Priorities




For personal use only
                   & Growth Outlook
                    Our FY23 strategy is to allocate capital and focus      with Zip and innovate checkout experiences
                    effort on areas of our business that demonstrate        (e.g. tokenisation, express checkout) and
                    the right characteristics to accelerate our path        deliver new growth solutions based on
                    to prof itability. Specif ically, we have simplif ied   merchant demand (such as long duration
                    our strategy to focus on:                               lending in the US and targeted rewards and
                                                                            interest-free offers in ANZ).
                    –    Core markets ANZ and the US which are
                         either already generating positive cash
                                                                            DELIVER NEW SERVICES AND GROW
                         EBTDA or have a clear and near path to
                                                                            HIGHER MARGIN PRODUCTS
                         positive cash EBTDA; and
                                                                            Customers form the other key component
                    –    Products with proven market f it and
                                                                            of our flywheel. In FY23 we aim to continue
                         sustainable unit economics.
                                                                            growing our customer network through
                    Our strategic initiatives remain aligned to our         enhancing our core product experiences
                    three strategic pillars:                                and driving increased engagement of our
                                                                            11 million plus existing customers. We are
                                                                            investing heavily in core product experiences,
                                                                            including the redesign of our app, optimisation
                    1. GROWTH IN CORE
                                                                            of our sign up and production adoption journeys
                    MARKETS (ANZ & US)                                      and initiatives to drive greater checkout
                    WIN AND SCALE                                           conversion and grow the adoption of higher
                    PROFITABLE MERCHANTS                                    margin products.

                    Merchants are central to our two-sided network          DRIVE CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT
                    and a signif icant driver of growth and customer
                    engagement for Zip. In FY23 we will continue to         In late FY22 we launched the Zip physical
                    pursue new prof itable merchant partnerships;           card in the US with the aim of unlocking the
                    drive deeper engagement and prof itability with         significant opportunity of instore payments, and
                    existing partners; and deliver new Zip services         in FY23 we will be looking to scale this further.
                    that help merchants drive growth.                       Driven by merchant demand and leveraging
                                                                            expertise from the Australian market, Zip will
                    We will continue to embed and scale recent              pilot a long duration lending (instalments)
                    enterprise merchant wins such as Best Buy,              product in the US later in the year. This will
                    Bed Bath & Beyond, eBay AU and Qantas.                  enable Zip customers to shop with more
                    In ANZ, improving engagement of mid-market              merchants, across a broader set of verticals
                    merchants has also been identif ied as an               and support larger transaction values.
                    opportunity. With a lens on prof itability, we
                    are also reviewing all merchant agreements,             Zip Money instalments has allowed our
                    repricing where appropriate and exiting                 customers to use Zip outside of our integrated
                    unprof itable agreements that do not align              merchant network using virtual Visa cards.
                    with our port folio approach.                           We are targeting continued evolution of Zip’s
                                                                            customer proposition with aff iliate partners
                    We will continue to make investments into               and real-time rewards program (including
                    our API (Application Programming Inter face)            in-store rewards).
                    infrastructure layer to make it easier
                    for merchants and partners to integrate




                    18 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    2. IMPROVE UNIT ECONOMICS                                        As part of our strategic review, we are also
                                                                                     working through and will f inalise actions related
                    IMPROVE CREDIT PERFORMANCE                                       to our remaining non-core global businesses,
                    We aim to further improve our unit economics                     reducing group cash burn.
                    from FY22 levels. We are targeting a reduction
                    in cash cost of sales as a percentage of TTV                     STREAMLINE OPERATIONS AND
                    to 4.0%-4.5% in the medium term with improving                   SCALE INFRASTRUCTURE
                    credit per formance a key driver. In line with
                                                                                     In FY23, we will continue to invest in plat forms
                    this, we are adjusting and optimising risk rules
                                                                                     and resources to streamline operations, reduce
                    and delivering on port folio management and
                                                                                     third-party spend and deliver continued scale
                    collections initiatives to manage credit losses
                                                                                     benef its. We will focus on delivering improved
                    to within management’s target range of 2.0%
                                                                                     capabilities in data analytics, technology,
                    of TTV and below.
                                                                                     cybersecurity and risk management resources
                                                                                     and practices, whilst optimising cost. This is to
                    REDUCE PROCESSING COSTS                                          further protect our customers and key
                    As we continue to grow, we aim to deliver                        stakeholders as we operate at scale.
                    lower-cost processing through scale eff iciencies
                    and alternate repayment options, such as ACH
                    (Automated Clearing House) in the US and we
                                                                                     BNPL STILL EARLY ON
                    will continue to seek eff icient funding options                 THE ADOPTION CURVE
                    across the group.                                                The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the rise
                                                                                     in the use of digital wallets and the addressable
                    REPAYMENT VELOCITY                                               opportunity for BNPL remains signif icant,
                    We are also making it easier for customers                       with BNPL expected to be the fastest growing
                    to manage existing transactions, providing                       ecommerce payment method over the next two
                    additional flexibility to adopt personalised                     years. As consumers are increasingly seeking
                    repayment schedules, enhancing our rewards                       products that are fair, transparent and provide
                    program (such as through instant cashback)                       seamless customer experiences we expect
                    and offering more ways to pay (e.g. ACH).                        continued market penetration of BNPL as a
                                                                                     payment method. Across our core markets,
                                                                                     ANZ and the US, penetration is less than 2% of
                                                                                     the total addressable market 1 with signif icant
                    3. REDUCE GLOBAL                                                 opportunity, particularly in the US which is still
                    COST BASE                                                        early stage and expected to more than double
                                                                                     by 2025.
                    FINALISE REVIEW OF
                    REST OF WORLD FOOTPRINT                                          Through our multiple product offering of short
                                                                                     and long duration instalments, and instore and
                    In FY23, we will complete the wind down of the
                                                                                     online options and enabling our customers to
                    Singapore and UK businesses and continue to
                                                                                     use BNPL everywhere, we aim to grow with our
                    reduce complexity and streamline operations
                                                                                     customer base as their spending power and
                    in core markets. In ANZ we have already taken
                                                                                     wealth increases over time further strengthening
                    the action to discontinue lower margin product
                                                                                     this relationship and expanding customer
                    lines and focus on the core which we expect
                                                                                     LTV (Life Time Value).
                    to deliver further operating eff iciencies.

                    1. Total addressable market represented by total payment value for Australia, New Zealand and US in 2021.
                       Source: Worldpay, 2022.




                                                                                                                                      19
                        SUSTAINABILITY




For personal use only
                   Sustainability
                   Report FY22
                    In FY21, we launched our strategic
                    framework for sustainability – Zip it
                    Forward. This reflected a significant
                    milestone in the maturity of the
                    business and was an extension of our
                    commitment to our environmental,
                    social and governance responsibilities.
                    These responsibilities have always
                    been at the core of our DNA as an
                    organisation and we have advanced
                    this significantly in FY22.




                    20 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    In developing Zip’s sustainability strategy last                                                             We also ran a consumer survey and conducted
                    year, we undertook several activities to identif y                                                           over 50 interviews globally with a diverse set




For personal use only
                    our environmental, social and governance                                                                     of stakeholders including consumer advocacy
                    topics aligned to Global Reporting Initiative                                                                groups, merchants, and non-governmental
                    (GRI) guidelines. This included benchmarking,                                                                organisations (NGOs). This information fed into
                    stakeholder engagement, UN Sustainable                                                                       our materiality matrix and is reflected in our
                    Development Goals (SDGs) mapping and                                                                         sustainability strategy and the areas highlighted
                    materiality analysis.                                                                                        in this report.

                    Zip Materiality Matrix




                        Higher >
                                                                                                   Diversity & Inclusion

                                                                                                                                     Hardship & Vulnerable Customers


                                                                                                                               Women’s Empowerment

                                                                           Employee Wellness, Health & Safety
                                                                                                                            Mental Health

                                                                                                                                                             Financial Capability




                        I M P O R TA N C E T O S TA K E H O L D E R S
                                                                                                                                                      Data Security & Financial Crime


                                                                                                      Financial Inclusion
                                                                                                                                                       Small & Local Enterprise


                                                                            Ethical Products & Retailers
                                                                                                                                        Social Innovation


                                                                                                                   Climate Change, Carbon & Energy


                                                                                                                               Disaster Relief


                                                                                                              Waste & Recycling



                                                                                                      Modern Slavery




                        Lower




                                                                        Lower                                S I G N I F I C A N C E O F I M PA C T                                 Higher >



                    In FY22, Zip continued to recognise and evolve its sustainability framework. Effectively managing
                    our environmental, social, and governance issues lowers risk and delivers enhanced value for our
                    shareholders, customers, employees and communities.



                                                                                                                                                                                               21
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                   Our mission,




For personal use only
                   purpose and
                   values sit at
                   the heart of Zip.
                    We’re pleased to report on the progress that
                    we’ve made across our key focus areas, and
                    our plans for these focus areas in the future.



                    SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
                    GOALS (“SDGs”)
                    We believe that f inance and technology will play
                    a key role in many of the United Nations’ SDGs.
                    In developing our sustainability strategy in FY21,
                    we identif ied relevant goals and mapped them
                    to our value chain and impact matrix. These goals
                    have been further revised in FY22 and aligned to
                    our goals for FY23 and beyond, as we explore
                    new ways of creating positive global impact.




                    OUR MISSION


                    We exist to
                    create a world
                    where people can
                    live fearlessly
                    today, knowing
                    they’re in control
                    of tomorrow.
                    22 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    OUR STRATEGIC FRAMEWORK FOR
                    SUSTAINABILITY ALIGNS TO OUR PURPOSE:


                        OUR PURPOSE:
                        FOCUS AREAS/SDGS      GOALS/COMMITMENT                             SDGs

                        GOVERNANCE

                        Governance            –   Majority of Independent Directors
                        & Risk Management
                                              –   Effective management of key risks



                        Cyber security,       –   Cyber-security: No material disruption
                        data privacy and          to operations or data loss
                        financial crime
                                              –   Data Privacy: No reportable incidents
                                              –   Financial Crime: Program that meets
                                                  regulatory standards
                                                  and effective controls

                        SOCIAL

                        Diversity, Equity     –   Gender balance target of 40% women,
                        and Inclusion             40% men, 20% any gender across all
                                                  levels by FY26


                        Community             –   Mobilising Zip employees in support
                        Engagement                of crises
                                              –   Mobilising customers in support of
                                                  crises by FY24
                                              –   Commit two days of paid employee
                                                  time to volunteering per annum

                        Financial Wellbeing   –   Partnering with communities
                        and Responsible           to deliver financial wellbeing
                        lending

                        ENVIRONMENTAL

                        Environmental         –   Climate Neutral accreditation
                        Sustainability
                                              –   Emissions reduction targets
                                                  set by FY24
                                              –   Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                                                  roadmap by FY23




                                                                                                  23
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Governance




For personal use only
                    We are committed to continuously improving                                          GOVERNANCE METRICS
                    our governance practices and ensuring they
                    align with business and stakeholders’ needs.                                        Sound governance enables us to deliver on our
                                                                                                        purpose and strategy. The Board comprises f ive
                    Our governance approach is based on                                                 Directors – three independent Non-Executive
                    accountability, effective delegation and                                            Directors (including a Non-Executive Chairman)
                    adequate oversight to support sound                                                 and two Executive Directors (the CEO and COO).
                    decision-making. The Board’s role is to                                             Independent, diverse and skilled Non-Executive
                    protect Zip’s interests and take into account                                       Directors provide clear oversight and support
                    the interests of shareholders and other                                             sound decision-making by our Board.
                    stakeholders by setting our strategic direction
                    and instilling a culture that is per formance                                       The CEO has responsibility for managing the
                    driven, adaptive, accountable and risk aware                                        day-to-day affairs of Zip with the support of the
                    to achieve growth outcomes. The Board places                                        Executive Leadership Team, in accordance with
                    high importance on ensuring that Zip, its                                           the strategy, policies and the risk appetite set by
                    directors, off icers and employees operate                                          the Board. This includes a delegation of authority
                                                                                                        framework which def ines the decision-making
                    in an appropriate environment of corporate
                    governance and remain well-positioned to                                            and expenditure limits that apply at various
                    serve customers and per form for shareholders                                       levels of management. We have a culture where
                    over the long term.                                                                 our people know what is expected of them and
                                                                                                        that they are conf ident to speak up about any
                    The Board has a framework in place for                                              issues of concern. Additionally, the Board is
                    governing Zip and the governance and                                                responsible for providing an environment where
                    per formance of the Company is overseen                                             our people drive per formance and manage risks
                    by the Board elected by the shareholders.                                           in the best interests of stakeholders.




                             OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
                                                                                                     Stakeholders




                                                                                                  Zip Co Board




                                                                                                                                                    Purpose, behaviours and culture
                                                       Independent
                                                       external audit




                        Strategy and risk management
                                                        and advice
                                                                           Audit and Risk       Remuneration, People          Nominations
                                                                            Committee           and Culture Committee          Committee




                                                                                                         CEO


                                                                                              Executive Leadership Team


                                                                                                      Our People
                                                       Key
                                                          Delegation

                                                          Accountability                    Policies, systems and processes




                    24 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                                                         FY22            FY21




For personal use only
                        Board Composition (#)
                        Total Directors:                                                                                    5                5
                        – Women                                                                                             2*               2
                        – Men                                                                                               3                3
                        Independent Directors                                                                               3*               3
                        Women Directors on Board (%)                                                                       40               40
                        Conduct
                        Whistle-blower cases1                                                                                1              NA
                        Cyber Security
                        Reportable cyber security incidents                                                                 0                0

                    *    Independent Non-Executive Director Pippa Downes resigned on the 22nd of June 2022. Meredith Scott commenced
                         as a Non-Executive Director on 1 September 2022.


                    BOARD PRIORITIES DURING FY22
                    Af ter starting FY22 executing on our global growth strategy, the Board responded to changes to the broader
                    macroeconomic environment and market conditions by refocusing its strategy on tight capital management,
                    reducing our presence in non-core markets, prioritising growth of the ANZ and US businesses, intensive
                    management of our credit losses, rightsizing our operating expenses whilst retaining key talent, and
                    driving value for merchants and consumers. Over the past f inancial year, Board priorities included:

                        STRATEGY                               CULTURE                                  LEADERSHIP

                    The Board regularly reviews              The Board and Senior Management          The Board works through the CEO,
                    and monitors the effectiveness           are responsible for Zip’s culture.       COO and CFO to drive per formance
                    of Zip’s strategy in the context         We are focused on shaping a culture      and governance. Developing and
                    of current and potential future          that supports our purpose and            retaining key talent to support
                    market conditions. Having                executing on our strategy. The Board     execution of the refocused
                    expanded into new markets and            and Management is focused on             strategy is crucial. During the year
                    generated high growth and strong         preserving the highly engaged            Zip appointed key new leaders
                    shareholder returns, the market          culture in the context of the program    such as the Global CTO, Managing
                    signif icantly shif ted in the second    to reduce headcount and slightly         Director for ANZ, Chief Security
                    half of the year, requiring a review     higher attrition. The Board              and Information O ff icer, Risk and
                    of strategy. This resulted in new        monitors culture through people          Compliance Director and Head of
                    strategic priorities and a clear         reporting that reviews employee          Investor Relations to close gaps,
                    and ambitious plan to focus on           engagement and experience,               create additional capability and
                    ANZ and the US to accelerate the         diversity and inclusion, recruitment,    improve per formance.
                    group’s path to prof itability.          retention and compliance.

                        RISK MANAGEMENT                       GOVERNANCE                                PERFORMANCE

                    The Board ensures that we have the       The Board recognises effective           The Board is closely monitoring
                    capability to manage and mitigate        governance requires engagement           operational per formance in
                    key risks. Key activities in FY22        with shareholders and a broad            our core markets to ensure
                    included an external independent         range of stakeholders to ensure          we have suff icient operating
                    review and significant investments       that we consider a wide range            capital to deliver on our
                    in resources along with the              of views. Over and above the             accelerated path to prof itability.
                    development of a risk appetite           risk management, f inancial              Credit losses, customer
                    and risk tolerance framework,            crime and Board per formance             usage, merchant experience,
                    enhancements to the risk registry,       review, we conducted an ongoing          employee engagement, capital
                    risk matrix and business continuity      governance review of policies,           management and f inancial
                    plan, all of which strengthen our        global regulatory compliance             per formance are all areas of
                    ability to oversee, manage and           requirements and on our                  key and consistent focus.
                    mitigate key risks.                      tax obligations.

                    1. During FY21, Zip had an internal whistleblowing service. An external and independent whistleblowing service was
                       implemented during FY22.




                                                                                                                                             25
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Governance




For personal use only
                    Cont.


                    BOARD SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                            The Board maintains its focus on risk management,
                                                                           conducting an independent review and
                    The Board Skills Matrix sets out the skills and        increasing investments in resources, policies,
                    experience considered essential to the                 reporting and compliance. Further, the Board is
                    effectiveness of the Board and its Committees.         focused on developing a stronger second line
                    The Nominations Committee endorsed, and the            of defence, through internal audit, to further
                    Board approved the Skills Matrix capturing the         strengthen the three lines of defence framework
                    skills needed to address existing and emerging         to ensure clear lines of accountability.
                    business and governance issues relevant to Zip.
                    The Nomination Committee regularly reviews the         Further detail on our corporate governance
                    experience, independence, knowledge, balance           can be found in the FY22 Corporate Governance
                    of skills and diversity of the Board, to ensure that   statement on our website.
                    the Directors collectively have the appropriate
                    skills mix.
                                                                           BOARD INDEPENDENCE
                                                                           The Zip Board has f ive Directors, three
                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                   independent Non‑Executive Directors and
                    The Board recognises the role it plays on behalf       two Executive Directors (the CEO and COO).
                    of shareholders and the industry. The Board            Directors are expected to bring independent
                    continued to review Board composition to               judgement to all Board decisions in the interests
                    enhance the effectiveness of the Board and to          of all shareholders, and the Board regularly
                    ensure the right mix of capabilities to oversee        assesses the independence of each Director in
                    our per formance and governance. The Board             light of the interests disclosed. All Directors are
                    initiated a per formance review and is committed       expected to advise the Board of any interest
                    to ongoing enhancements.                               that could potentially conflict with those of Zip.
                                                                           The Board seeks to direct strategy, drive
                                                                           accountability, endorse policy, manage risk and
                                                                           monitor per formance to position the Company
                                                                           for long-term growth. The Board continues
                                                                           to review the collective skills, knowledge,
                                                                           experience and diversity required to support its
                                                                           ongoing per formance and governance duties,
                                                                           with a view to identif ying skills, capacity and
                                                                           market knowledge to support our continued
                                                                           growth and path to prof itability.




                               The Board initiated a
                               performance review
                               and is committed to
                               ongoing enhancements.”




                    26 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        BOARD SKILLS MATRIX
                        SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                 DESCRIPTION                                                         LEVEL1

                        INDUSTRY
                        Retail and ecommerce                  Experience in the retail/ecommerce sectors                          Prof icient
                        Payments and affiliates               Experience in conducting business directly with consumers           Prof icient
                        Issuing responsible credit            Experience in issuing and controlling credit customer base          Practiced
                        Global markets                        Experience in conducting business in, and proven                    Practiced
                                                              knowledge of, overseas markets in which we operate

                        DIGITAL AND TECHNOLOGY
                        Digital plat forms                    Experience in the use of online plat forms to deliver               Practiced
                                                              products and services
                        Disruptive technology                 Experience in digital technologies, implementing technology         Prof icient
                                                              products, leveraging digital technologies and digital disruption
                        Online communities                    Experience in leveraging online communities to drive business       Practiced

                        GOVERNANCE, STAKEHOLDERS AND REGULATORY
                        Listed companies                      Experience as a Director on a listed company Board                  Practiced
                                                              in Australia or overseas
                        People and culture                    Experience in building workplace capability, setting a              Prof icient
                                                              remuneration framework that attracts and retains high
                                                              calibre executives, and promoting diversity and inclusion
                        Health, safety, environment           Experience related to workplace health, safety, environment         Practiced
                        and sustainability                    and corporate responsibility issues within large businesses
                        Legal, governance and                 Ability in, and understanding of the application of legal,          Prof icient
                        compliance                            governance and compliance principles and regulations
                        Risk management and                   Experience in identif ying, assessing and managing                  Prof icient
                        compliance oversight                  strategic, operational and f inancial risks, and monitoring
                                                              compliance management frameworks and systems

                        LEADERSHIP
                        Executive leadership                  Held senior executive position in an organisation of                Prof icient
                                                              significant size or a listed company in Australia or overseas
                        Strategy                              Experience in developing, implementing and challenging              Prof icient
                                                              a plan of action to achieve our long-term objectives
                        Financial acumen                      Qualif ications or experience in f inancial accounting and          Prof icient
                                                              reporting, corporate f inance and internal controls
                        Capital management                    Experience in capital management strategies, including              Prof icient
                                                              capital partnerships, debt f inancing and capital raisings
                        Mergers and acquisitions              Experience in corporate transactions and joint ventures             Prof icient


                    1. Prof icient means regarded to have expert or highly qualif ied prof iciency, knowledge and experience in the subject
                       matter or domain and has been seen to contribute these skills in Board and Committee conversations and critical
                       thinking. Practiced means has developed a sound working knowledge and understanding of the subject matter
                       through either past executive or management roles, extensive on-the-job application of skills in Board and Committee
                       activities and/or through training and professional development activities.




                                                                                                                                              27
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Governance




For personal use only
                    Cont.


                    RISK MANAGEMENT                                       In FY22 we focused on building the capability
                                                                          of our senior leaders, guided by 360 feedback
                    During FY22, we made signif icant investments         insights on their leadership impact. We have
                    to improve our Risk Management with particular        developed career development plans, well-being
                    focus on our core markets of ANZ and the US.
                                                                          programs and enacted diversity initiatives to
                    Key activities included:                              support per formance and maintain the high
                    –    Completed an external independent                levels of employee engagement that have
                         review of our risk practices, which included     def ined our culture. In the second half of
                         interviews with senior leadership to identif y   the year, a program to reduce headcount to
                         the top 20 current and emerging risks            reduce operating expenses was success fully
                         facing our business and areas of                 executed. The Board is focused on retaining
                         opportunity for ongoing improvement;             high per forming talent and preserving the Zip
                                                                          culture in light of headcount changes.
                    –    Appointed a Risk and Compliance
                         Director and added resources to our Risk
                         Management teams in ANZ and the US;              CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
                    –    Developed a detailed risk appetite               We are committed to doing the right thing for
                         statement with risk appetite reporting           our customers, our people, our shareholders
                         measures outlining our tolerances across         and our community. Zip issues responsible credit,
                         strategic, f inancial, product, innovation,      facilitates digital payments and creates value
                         marketing, operational, cyber security, legal,   for merchants and consumers. For merchants,
                         regulatory, compliance and credit risk types;    Zip drives traff ic to ecommerce sites or stores,
                                                                          improves conversion, increases the average
                    –    Reviewed our global risk register and further
                                                                          order value and provides valuable data insights.
                         developed our risk matrix identif ying key
                                                                          For consumers, Zip provides fair, seamless and
                         risks, mitigations and accountability; and
                                                                          responsible credit, helping to pay for what they
                    –    Reviewed and enhanced our Business               want and manage their budgets.
                         Continuity Plan and Crisis Management
                                                                          Our Code of Conduct details the practical
                         Plan, increasing our response and
                                                                          principles and minimum standards of expected
                         recovery preparedness.
                                                                          behaviour, setting out the way our people,
                                                                          including our Directors and Executives work.
                    PURPOSE-LED CULTURE                                   It is aligned with our expectations of ethical
                                                                          behaviour and supported by our Anti-Bribery
                    Across all of our off ices, our mission,              and Corruption policy which was updated during
                    purpose and values remain the same.                   FY22 to reflect Zip’s strengthened processes
                    Driven by people-centred product innovation,          and procedures for anti-bribery and corruption.
                    we are the next generation of payments,
                    helping consumers and businesses to take              Each year our employees undertake
                    control of their f inancial future. For employees,    compliance training to ensure they understand
                    we have created an adaptive, high per formance        our regulatory obligations and what this means
                    culture for leaders to learn, grow and develop.       for their individual role. The Board continues to
                    Each day, we endeavour to make a positive             focus on ensuring adherence to the training
                    difference to the lives of our customers,             program. Training covers areas including
                    shareholders and employees.                           workplace bullying and harassment, information
                                                                          security, data privacy, anti-money laundering
                                                                          and counter terrorism f inancing, anti-bribery
                                                                          and corruption and insider trading. In FY22, we
                                                                          also reviewed and updated our modern slavery
                                                                          statement and our Whistle-blower Policy.




                    28 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                        We are committed to
                        doing the right thing for
                        our customers, our people,
                        our shareholders and




For personal use only
                        our community.”




                                                     29
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Cyber security,




For personal use only
                    data privacy and
                    financial crime

                                                             CYBER SECURITY RESILIENCE
                                                             The Board is focused on ensuring that our cyber
                                                             security resilience protects our operations and
                                                             customer data from rising and dynamic global
                                                             cyber security threats. The Board has convened
                                                             a cyber security resilience council, chaired by an
                                                             independent Non-Executive Director, to provide
                                                             oversight on our ability to identif y, protect,
                                                             defend, detect, respond and recover from
                                                             cyber threats and incidents.




                    30 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    We remain focused                                                 CUSTOMER DATA PRIVACY
                    on continued




For personal use only
                                                                                      The protection of customer privacy and
                                                                                      data is foundational to earning the trust
                    improvements to                                                   of our customers. We are committed to
                    our cyber security                                                respecting the privacy of our customers’
                                                                                      personal data and our privacy policy explains
                    resilience.”                                                      how we collect, store, use and disclose
                                                                                      personal information and how we comply
                                                                                      with privacy laws.
                    KEY DEVELOPMENTS DURING
                                                                                      To protect this information, we have in place
                    FY22 INCLUDED:
                                                                                      physical security measures, with appropriate
                    –    No notif iable cyber security events                         technology, processes and security to restrict
                         affecting the privacy of our data or                         access and destroy information no longer
                         operations during the year;                                  required, subject to legal obligations. In the
                                                                                      event of a privacy breach, we also have
                    –    Added two key leaders with our f irst global
                                                                                      processes in place to ensure these risks
                         Chief Security and Information O ff icer and
                                                                                      are managed in a timely and effective way.
                         Global CTO who are accountable, with our
                                                                                      These processes also outline the required
                         CEO and COO, in continuing to build our
                                                                                      notif ications including notif iable data breaches
                         cyber security resilience capability;
                                                                                      under the Notif iable Data Breaches scheme.
                    –    Developed detailed cyber security                            We take privacy complaints very seriously, and
                         per formance reporting and a roadmap                         the Privacy Policy includes details of internal
                         that prioritises our resilience investments                  and external complaints avenues available to
                         to mitigate the ongoing risks; and                           customers. A copy of our Privacy Policy can
                                                                                      be found on our website.
                    –    Continued to develop a range of programs
                         including security awareness training, friendly
                         phishing penetration and remediation,                        FINANCIAL CRIME
                         mail domain compliance, a secure coding
                                                                                      The Board acknowledges the importance of
                         program for engineers, and access
                                                                                      combating f inancial crime; and the important
                         management. A cyber-threat aware culture
                                                                                      role that Zip plays in protecting our community,
                         is key to our resilience as an organisation.
                                                                                      customers and employees.
                    We identif y cyber threats and source intelligence
                                                                                      We are committed to preventing, detecting
                    on potential risks, identif ying any potential
                                                                                      and disrupting f inancial crime by maintaining
                    vulnerabilities. The cyber security program
                                                                                      effective systems, processes and controls
                    serves to mitigate risks and includes measures
                                                                                      to manage f inancial crime risks, including
                    and initiatives on governance controls, security
                                                                                      Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism
                    patch management, defence system coverage,
                                                                                      Financing (AML/CTF), Sanctions and Anti-Bribery
                    secure SaaS app-onboarding, user endpoints
                                                                                      & Corruption.
                    testing, multi-factor authentication, encryption
                    rates, incident response times and documented                     During FY22, the Board sought an independent
                    coverage for incidents.                                           external review of our f inancial crime program
                                                                                      to ensure that it meets regulatory standards.
                    To ensure that we are independently measuring
                                                                                      The Board also participated in f inancial crime
                    our cyber security resilience, we conduct
                                                                                      awareness training during the year.
                    regular external security benchmarking,
                    partnering with BitSight 1 through FY22. Our                      We are continually improving and adapting
                    BitSight security ratings ended the year at 720                   our f inancial crime control environment to
                    and ranged between 720 to 760 throughout the                      manage the ever-evolving threat of f inancial
                    year (from a maximum of 900 points). We rated                     crime. The Board is focused on testing our
                    in the high end of the ‘Intermediate’ category                    controls to ensure that they are effective.
                    and at the low end of the ‘Advanced’ category
                    through the year, above the global averages
                    for the Financial Services sector.

                    1. BitSight is a company that provides daily security ratings through an automated service via the BitSight Security Ratings
                       Plat form. The BitSight plat form continuously analyses terabytes of external data on the security behaviours of a company
                       in order to help organisations manage third party risk, f irst party risk, benchmark per formance, and assess and negotiate
                       cyber insurance premiums. A BitSight Security Rating describes a company’s cybersecurity posture, serves as a measure
                       of their risk, and trans forms how companies manage security risk by using a data-driven, outside-in approach to rate a
                       company’s security e ffectiveness. A company’s rating is presented as a number between 250 and 900.


                                                                                                                                               31
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Social




For personal use only
                    wellbeing

                        SOCIAL WELLBEING                                              FY22                                 FY21

                        Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
                        Board                                       40% women/60% men1                 40% women/60% men
                        Executive                                      19% women/81% men               14% women/86% men
                        Directors/VPs                                32% women/68% men                 30% women/70% men
                        Managers                                     35% women/65% men                 32% women/68% men
                        Total Workforce                                42% women/58% men                41% women/59% men



                    DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND                                   We celebrate diversity through company-wide
                    INCLUSION (DEI)                                         events and communications, education and
                                                                            through our hiring practices. We acknowledge
                    At Zip, we believe our team should reflect the          moments such as Mardi Gras and Pride Month,
                    diversity of our customers. We consciously build        NAIDOC week and various religious and cultural
                    for inclusion and balance so we can bring out           traditions. Importantly, we are also working to
                    the best in everyone.                                   educate our employees and equip them with
                                                                            the skills and knowledge they need to challenge
                    As a company, we seek to celebrate the many,
                                                                            bias in the workplace, starting with a Conscious
                    varied differences that make our people,
                                                                            Inclusion training program to be launched in FY23.
                    customers and communities unique, and
                    support equity among all people.
                                                                            A STRATEGIC FOCUS
                    We take seriously our responsibility to provide a       ON GENDER EQUITY
                    safe and inclusive environment which enables our
                    employees to thrive and we pursue this through          As a key player in the f inancial technology
                    creating a culture of inclusion and fairness, that      industry, we recognise the important role
                    aligns to our company values. We support inclusion      we play in supporting gender equity and
                    through key people policies and programs,               balance. We also know that gender balance
                    including our parental leave and miscarriage            in the workplace creates a more inclusive
                    bereavement leave policies, flexible working            environment for all people.
                    and mental health and wellbeing programs                In FY21, we set our f ive-year measurable
                    (in partnership with Heart on My Sleeve).               objectives for gender balance across our
                    Our commitment to equity is also supported              team, using the 40/40/20 framework. In FY22,
                    by our culture of candour, which promotes               we reviewed and extended our measurable
                    transparency and compassion. This is                    objectives to commit to achieving representation
                    demonstrated in our practice of sharing key             of 40% women, 40% men and 20% of any
                    metrics across the organisation, including              gender at our Board, Executive, Director and
                    gender pay equity, gender pay gaps and any              Manager cohorts.
                    gender differences in per formance ratings or           In line with this commitment and supporting
                    engagement surveys. We have also maintained             progress on our DEI goals, we have enhanced
                    our commitment to reporting to the Workplace            our commitments to equitable and inclusive
                    Gender Equality Agency’s compliance program             hiring practices that support diversity through,
                    and publish our DEI targets on our public               for example, gender balanced hiring panels,
                    corporate governance website.                           reporting on diversity throughout the hiring


                    32 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                     At Zip, we believe our
                                                                                     team should reflect




For personal use only
                                                                                     the diversity of our
                                                                                     customers. We
                                                                                     consciously build for
                                                                                     inclusion and balance
                                                                                     so we can bring out the
                                                                                     best in everyone.”




                    process and introducing questions relating to                    –     Partnered with The Dream Collective to
                    candidates’ understanding of and commitment                            design a tailored Conscious Inclusion
                    to DEI in our interviews. We have more work to                         training program. The f irst phase (Discovery)
                    do to deliver on these measurable objectives                           was completed in FY22 with training to
                    though we are proud to share our progress                              launch in Q1 FY23;
                    towards reaching these goals as well as other
                                                                                     –     Celebrated Pride Month across our
                    highlights in the programs we are rolling out
                                                                                           global off ices, with key events including
                    to support DEI across the organisation.
                                                                                           panel events with BIPOC (Black Indigenous
                    Progress towards our DEI measurable                                    and People of Colour) Transgender
                    objectives for gender balance in FY22:                                 entrepreneurs in the US, LGBTQIA+
                                                                                           Zipsters and The Pinnacle Foundation,
                    –    Maintained representation of 40%+ women
                                                                                           a not-for-prof it supporting LGBTQIA+
                         globally at 42%;
                                                                                           youth across Australia to explore inclusion
                    –    Increased our representation of women                             in ANZ and sharing stories from LGBTQIA+
                         in our Executive team by 5% to 19%;                               Zipsters and allies through internal and
                                                                                           external channels; and
                    –    Increased representation of women at
                         Director and Manager level to 32% and 35%,                  –     Continued our f inancial support
                         lif ting by 2% and 3% respectively; and                           and partnership with leading, global
                                                                                           not-for-prof it Women Who Code to
                    –    Maintained representation of 40% women
                                                                                           support women to thrive in Tech careers
                         at the Board1.
                                                                                           and The Pinnacle Foundation through
                    Other DEI initiatives that we undertook                                scholarships and mentoring.
                    during the year were:
                                                                                     We also monitor the gender balance of our
                    –    Extended our existing miscarriage                           Global Executive Team, which currently has a
                         bereavement leave (established in FY21)                     representation of 25% women and 75% men.
                         to provide travel allowance and paid leave
                         for US employees who need to travel to
                         reach a US state of their choosing to
                         receive abortion treatment;



                    1. Note that this target was reached for 11.7 months in the year, with the departure of Non-Executive Director Pippa Downes
                       on 22 June 2022. Meredith Scott commenced as a Non-Executive Director on 1 September 2022.



                                                                                                                                              33
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                    Social




For personal use only
                    wellbeing
                    Cont.



                    In FY23, we will remain committed to ensuring                    During FY22, we are proud of the difference
                    our DEI program continues to evolve and                          we made:
                    close gaps between genders in our employee
                                                                                     –    Supported employees to utilise their
                    experience. We commit to remaining accountable
                                                                                          two-days paid volunteering leave per annum,
                    to the delivery of our DEI strategy by measuring
                                                                                          to support community organisations of
                    engagement, remuneration and professional
                                                                                          their choice as well as our charity partners,
                    development with a gender-balanced lens.
                                                                                          The Pinnacle Foundation and Young
                    We’re also developing a broader Conscious
                                                                                          Change Agents;
                    Inclusion program, in partnership with leading
                    DEI consultancy The Dream Collective which is                    –    Coordinated a global fundraising effort
                    currently in design phase.                                            to support the Movember Foundation,
                                                                                          donating $105,000 to support men’s health,
                    Our employees represent different life
                                                                                          with all donations matched by Zip;
                    experiences, ages, skills, abilities, family
                    status and sexual orientation, as well as                        –    Enabled our employees to convert their
                    religious and cultural backgrounds so we                              ‘Bonusly Points’1 to donate more than
                    will be extending our DEI initiatives with the                        $5,000 to not-for-prof its around the world;
                    design and roll out of our First Nations Inclusion
                                                                                     –    Coordinated a global fundraising effort
                    strategy. We’re committed to creating an
                                                                                          of over $11,000 to support The International
                    environment where our employees feel safe to
                                                                                          Rescue Committee’s humanitarian action
                    bring their whole selves to work and we will be
                                                                                          in Ukraine, with all employee donations
                    working to extend our support for Employee
                                                                                          matched by Zip; and
                    Resource Groups across diverse demographics.
                                                                                     –    Supported the Indigenous Marathon
                                                                                          Foundation’s Run Sweat Inspire festival
                    COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT                                                  during NAIDOC Week.
                    We support communities to thrive, through                        Our employees value the opportunity to give
                    developing and maintaining strong relationships                  back to the community. In FY23 we will be
                    and investments, as well as through responding                   increasing the use of our paid-volunteering
                    to emergency situations around the globe.                        leave program, with a focus on North America.
                    Our commitment to ‘Zipping it Forward’ is
                    central to our culture. From the top down,
                    our leaders and employees dedicate their                         FINANCIAL WELLBEING
                    time to supporting impact ful initiatives, using
                                                                                     The f inancial wellbeing of our people, customers
                    our paid-volunteer leave program.
                                                                                     and communities is at the heart of everything
                    We have focused on engaging with the                             we do, to help people take control of their
                    community and investing in areas where                           f inancial future.
                    we can maximise our impact and initiatives
                                                                                     As a f inancial technology company, we
                    aligned with our values.
                                                                                     understand the challenges of f inancial
                                                                                     inequality, as well as the importance of f inancial
                                                                                     wellbeing and feeling f inancially empowered.



                    1. Bonusly is Zip’s recognition and rewards plat form that enables employees to give public recognition and bonuses.




                    34 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    The financial wellbeing
                    of our people, customers and




For personal use only
                    communities is at the heart
                    of everything we do, to help
                    people take control of their
                    financial future.”



                    We remain committed to providing simple, fair,        Financial literacy for our customers is a
                    and transparent products that allow customers         key tenet of our strategy. To better support
                    to take control of their f inancial future. Our aim   our customers we have committed to the
                    is to support f inancial wellbeing for all people,    delivery of tools and programs that improve
                    not only our customers. We also work with key         our customers’ f inancial literacy across all
                    partners by contributing to programs that aid         channels, informed by learnings from
                    f inancial wellbeing in our communities.              campaigns in FY22. In line with this strategy,
                                                                          we will be building money management tools
                    Our activities to support financial
                                                                          into the Zip App. In FY23, we will continue to build
                    wellbeing in FY22 included:
                                                                          on our strong partnership with Young Change
                    –   Delivered customer campaigns focused on           Agents, working together on projects that are
                        f inancial literacy across multiple channels      designed to improve f inancial literacy and
                        in our ANZ and US markets, informed by            entrepreneurial learning.
                        customer research. This included launching
                        our AU Financial Wellness blog, providing
                        guidance on topics, including 5 Simple steps      RESPONSIBLE LENDING
                        to take the Stress out of Managing Bills and      We are committed to responsible lending.
                        Your Guide to creating a Monthly Budget;          In Australia, we were heavily involved in
                    –   Delivered customer research, including            developing the BNPL industry code of practice
                        Unlocking Financial Literacy through              that came into effect in March 2021. We continue
                        Budgeting, with Hall & Partners exploring         to meet our responsibilities and obligations
                        how different tools can help people meet          under that code, including providing access to
                        their budgeting needs;                            independent dispute resolution and f inancial
                                                                          hardship assistance should it be required.
                    –   Supported customers to manage their               We also go above and beyond the minimum
                        bills through the Zip App, including using        requirements set out by the code where we
                        Bill Switch to f ind a better deal on their       feel it is appropriate, including conducting
                        electricity and gas. On average, 78,000           credit checks on our customers.
                        customers a month use Zip to manage
                        their bills, across 104,000 transactions;         We are focused on helping people not just buy
                                                                          or budget, but stay on track with repayments
                    –   Partnered with Young Change Agents, a             success fully. We actively monitor our customers’
                        leading not-for-prof it that is empowering        f inancial wellbeing and reporting is provided
                        youth across Australia to developing their        to the Board on a monthly basis measuring
                        f inancial literacy and entrepreneurial skills.   complaints, customer repayment behaviour
                        In FY22, we supported the delivery of a range     and hardship levels (in Australia).
                        of initiatives, including f inancial literacy
                        content for young people and a digital
                        budgeting tools for entrepreneurs; and
                    –   Partnered with Way Forward, a not-for-prof it
                        that is committed to supporting Australians
                        in f inancial hardship.




                                                                                                                            35
                        SUSTAINABILITY




                   Environmental




For personal use only
                   sustainability


                        ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY                                          FY22                                         FY21

                        Climate Neutral Certification (South Pole)                       In Progress                                 Achieved
                                                                               Market based          Location based2
                        Greenhouse gas emissions1
                                                                                 calculation              calculation
                        Scope 1: Direct GHG emissions                               8.1 tCO2 e               8.1 tCO2 e                   0.00
                        Scope 2: Indirect GHG emissions from
                                                                                  192.1 tCO2 e           342.5 tCO2 e            43.53 tCO2 e
                        purchased electricity heating and cooling
                        Scope 3: Other indirect GHG emissions                10,303.2 tCO2 e          10,303.2 tCO2 e         4,245.46 tCO2 e
                        Total GHG emissions (scopes 1, 2 & 3)                10,503.4 tCO2 e          10,653.8 tCO2 e         4,288.96 tCO2e


                    As a global business, we are committed to                         We acknowledge that climate change is a
                    reducing our environmental impact, including                      risk to Zip and to people, customers and
                    our emissions, and managing our climate-                          communities around the globe. That is why
                    related risks in a way that is responsible to                     we’ve been integrating climate change
                    all stakeholders.                                                 considerations into our governance, risk
                                                                                      management and strategy processes, in
                    In FY22 the increase in total emissions was driven
                                                                                      alignment with the recommendations of
                    by the expansion of Zip’s business, including into
                                                                                      the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
                    multiple new geographies, the full year ownership
                                                                                      Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
                    of the US business and investment in digital
                                                                                      This integration allows us to identif y material
                    advertising. We have continued our commitment
                                                                                      climate-related risks and opportunities
                    to operating as a global Climate Neutral certif ied
                                                                                      and respond to the needs of regulators,
                    organisation – an achievement we reached in
                                                                                      shareholders, customers and other
                    FY21 through our partnership with South Pole.
                                                                                      stakeholders. With the support of external
                    We have also continued to invest in carbon
                                                                                      climate consultants, we will continue to evolve
                    off setting projects and setting emissions
                                                                                      our capability in systematically measuring,
                    reduction targets that align with the SBTi’s
                                                                                      managing and mitigating climate risk and
                    (Science Based Targets initiative) criteria.
                                                                                      impacts to our business.
                    Our Climate Neutral certif ication for FY22 is
                    expected to be awarded following the finalisation
                    of these targets and reflecting a full off set of
                    our scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions shown above.


                    1. Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions f rom owned or controlled sources (for example, owned vehicles or factories).
                       Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions f rom the generation of purchased energy (for example, electricity). Scope 3
                       emissions are all indirect emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the reporting company,
                       including both upstream and downstream emissions (for example, business travel, waste management, commuting,
                       or third-party distribution such as digital marketing).
                    2. Market-based reporting calculates emissions based on the electricity that Zip has purchased, factoring in the choice of
                       renewable sources. The location-based method calculates emissions based on the emissions intensity of the local grid
                       area where the electricity usage occurs.




                    36 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    In FY22 we focused on:                                 During FY23, we will also set targets for our
                                                                           emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3. We can




For personal use only
                    –   Continuing our commitment to being a
                                                                           deliver more in this area and will be reviewing
                        global, Climate Neutral certif ied organisation
                                                                           our global off ice suppliers with the aim of f inding
                        through partnering with expert climate
                                                                           opportunities to further increase sustainability
                        consultancy, South Pole;
                                                                           and reduce the environmental impact of
                    –   Launched our journey towards reporting             our operations. Other initiatives also include
                        and disclosures that are aligned with the          expanding support for our customers to off set
                        TCFD recommendations, including                    the carbon emissions associated with their
                        conducting a climate risk analysis on              purchases, through the Zip App.
                        each of our global off ices. This included
                        conducting a physical climate exposure
                        assessment across our off ices globally,
                        with the port folio found to have low
                        exposure to climate risk drivers to 2030;
                    –   Engaging sustainable suppliers
                        throughout our supply chain, including
                        through procuring renewable energy
                        in our Sydney HQ (Powershop) and
                        Auckland (Simply Energy) off ices;
                    –   Integrating further commitments to
                        environmental sustainability through
                        updates to our Environmental and
                        Social Policy educating our employees
                        on sustainability through Lunch & Learns
                        with community organisations, including
                        Take 3, Zolo (an e-waste recycling
                        not-for-prof it) and Single Use Ain’t Sexy
                        (Zip Merchant Partner and supplier of
                        sustainable soaps); and
                    –   Partnerships with innovative, sustainable
                        organisations that support us to reduce
                        waste, including Zolo, Single Use Ain’t Sexy
                        and Simply Cups (not-for-prof it that
                        recycles coffee cups).
                    Having established a baseline reporting
                    structure aligned to TCFD in FY22, in FY23 we
                    will continue to build on this capability, including
                    implementing governance structures for the
                    ownership and management of enterprise
                    climate risk and integrating climate risk into our
                    enterprise risk management processes. We will
                    also investigate how we can effectively mitigate
                    site specif ic risks and develop agreed metrics
                    and targets for measuring the per formance of
                    enterprise climate risk management processes
                    over forward years.
                    We are proud of our achievement of being a
                    global climate neutral certif ied organisation
                    and look forward to extending this commitment
                    through establishing emission reduction targets
                    in line with the SBTi and a high-level emissions
                    reduction strategy.




                                                                                                                              37
                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS




                   Board of Directors




For personal use only
                    DIANE SMITH-GANDER AO                                 LARRY DIAMOND
                    Chair                                                 Managing Director and
                                                                          Global Chief Executive Officer
                    Qualifications:
                    BEc, MBA, FAICD, FGIA, FAIM, GAICD                    Qualifications:
                                                                          BTech(IT), MCom, CA
                    Term:
                    Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Board         Term:
                    appointed on 1 February 2021                          Executive Director appointed on 11 September 2015

                    Independent:                                          Independent:
                    Yes                                                   No

                    Committees:                                           Committees:
                    Member of each of the Audit & Risk Committee          None
                    and Remuneration, People & Culture Committee
                    and Chair of the Nominations Committee.               Directorships:
                                                                          None
                    Directorships:
                    Chair of DDH1 Limited, Chair of Safe Work Australia   Experience:
                    (until February 2022), Chair of the Committee for     Larry co-founded Zip with Peter Gray in 2013 with
                    Economic Development of Australia, Director of AGL    the goal of disrupting the broken credit card model,
                    Energy Limited (until 18 September 2022), Keystart    using technology to create a transparent, fairer
                    Loans Group (until June 2022) and HBF Health          and more flexible alternative. Larry has lead Zip
                    Limited (and appointed Chair in May 2022).            from f intech start-up to one of Australia’s leading
                                                                          digital payment tech companies. Today Zip is an
                    Experience:                                           ASX listed company with over 11 million customers
                    Diane has extensive Australian and international      globally and a presence in 14 international markets.
                    experience in banking and f inance, technology,       Prior to Zip Larry spent 12 years working in retail,
                    and strategic and management consulting.              technology and investment banking, where he f irst
                    This includes as a former partner at McKinsey         saw the opportunity to digitise f inancial services
                    & Company, and Group Executive IT and Operations,     with innovative products that bring customers and
                    Westpac Banking Corporation.                          merchants together. His career included two years
                                                                          at Deutsche Bank as a Senior Associate within the
                                                                          Corporate Finance team and three years as an
                                                                          Investment Banking Manager at Macquarie Capital.




                    38 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    PETER GRAY                                          JOHN BATISTICH
                    Executive Director and                              Non-Executive Director
                    Global Chief Operating Officer
                                                                        Qualifications:
                    Qualifications:                                     M.Mgt, BBus, GAICD
                    Diploma of Finance
                                                                        Term:
                    Term:                                               Non-Executive Director appointed on
                    Executive Director appointed on 11 September 2015   6 February 2018

                    Independent:                                        Independent:
                    No                                                  Yes

                    Committees:                                         Committees:
                    None                                                Chair of the Remuneration, People & Culture
                                                                        Committee and Member of the Nominations
                    Directorships:                                      Committee, and the Audit & Risk Committee
                    None                                                (as well as interim Chair from 22 June 2022
                                                                        until 1 September 2022).
                    Experience:
                                                                        Directorships:
                    Peter co-founded Zip with Larry Diamond in 2013.
                    Under his co-leadership, the company has grown      Chairman of Foodco Group Pty Limited,
                    to become an international BNPL business.           (and director of a number of its subsidiaries)
                    An operations and consumer credit expert,           and Sunny f ield Disability Services.
                    Peter has underwritten over 3 million customers,
                    $11 billion in transaction volume and $2 billion    Experience:
                    in loan receivables in Australia alone since the    John is a highly‑experienced growth leader who
                    company was founded. Peter was the chief            brings marketing, digital and human resources
                    architect in developing Zip’s market-leading        skills to the Board. John has over 25 years of cross
                    credit and decisioning technology plat form         sector experience in Research, Marketing, Digital
                    and the launch of Zip’s Master Trust receivables    and General Management with blue chip companies
                    f unding program. Peter oversees Zip’s global       like West f ield Group, Interbrand, Wrigley Company,
                    operations including credit and risk management.    Pepsico Foods, Kimberley Clark and Lion Nathan.
                    Peter is a respected Australian BNPL authority
                    and commentator, with over 25 years’ experience
                    spanning regulated consumer credit, operations,
                    risk, legal, compliance and publicly
                    listed companies.


                                                                                                                         39
                        BOARD OF DIRECTORS




                   Board of Directors




For personal use only
                    PIPPA DOWNES                                          MEREDITH SCOTT
                    Non-Executive Director                                Non-Executive Director
                    Qualifications:                                       Qualifications:
                    MAppFin, BSc BusAdmin, GAICD                          GAICD, FCA, BEc

                    Term:                                                 Term:
                    Non-Executive Director appointed on                   Non-Executive Director appointed on
                    1 October 2020 and resigned on 22 June 2022.          1 September 2022.

                    Independent:                                          Independent:
                    Yes                                                   Yes

                    Committees:                                           Committees:
                    Previously Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee,       From date of appointment, Chair of the Audit & Risk
                    Member of the Remuneration, People & Culture          Committee and Member of the Nominations Committee
                    Committee and Member of the                           and Remuneration, People & Culture Committee.
                    Nominations Committee.
                                                                          Directorships:
                    Directorships:                                        Payton Capital Limited.
                    Ingenia Communities RE Limited, Ingenia
                    Communities Holdings Limited, ALE Property            Experience:
                    Group (until December 2021), ATI Global Limited       Meredith is a business leader and board member
                    and a Commissioner of Sport Australia                 with over 35 years’ experience. Meredith has
                    (until December 2021).                                been the Chief Executive O ff icer of Opportunity
                                                                          International Australia (Opportunity) from 2018 to
                    Experience:                                           2021. She was Chairman of Opportunity’s Indian
                    Pippa is a professional company director who          subsidiary, Dia Vikas Capital. Previously she was
                    has held executive and non–executive role across      with Ernst & Young for 32 years, including 19 years
                    listed, not-for-prof it and government enterprises.   as an audit partner, and an Ernst and Young
                    She brings signif icant experience in international   Governing body member at national, Asian and
                    banking and capital markets to the Board as well as   Global levels. Throughout her time as a Partner at
                    broad industry knowledge across financial services,   Ernst & Young she has had signing responsibilities
                    technology, infrastructure and property. She is a     for clients ranging across the Technology,
                    Commissioner of Sport Australia and a member          Publishing, Telecommunications, Not for Prof it,
                    of the Australian Super Investment Committee.         Movie Production and Education sectors.
                    Prior executive roles include Managing Director       She was the f irst female to be appointed
                    and Equity Partner at Goldman Sachs JB Were.          to the Oceania Executive team.


                    40 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    DAVID FRANKS                                           TAI PHAN
                    Joint Company Secretary                                Joint Company Secretary
                    Qualifications:                                        Qualifications:
                    BEc, CA, FGIA, MCom, FFINSIA                           LLB, BSc

                    Term:                                                  Term:
                    Appointed on 21 June 2019                              Appointed on 14 September 2021

                    Experience:                                            Experience:
                    David is a Director and Principal of the Automic       Tai is an experienced lawyer, Company Secretary,
                    Group. As a Senior Executive, Company Secretary        corporate governance and compliance
                    and Director of ASX listed entities and professional   professional. He has worked with Boards and
                    services organisations, David has over 25 years        executive management for ASX listed (Westpac,
                    of experience.                                         HT&E Limited, and Yancoal Ltd) and numerous
                                                                           unlisted companies. He has experience in the IPO
                                                                           listing process for the ASX, has been appointed an
                                                                           external consultant for AUSTRAC and as the Head of
                                                                           Compliance (Asia-Pac) for Travelex and Munich Re.
                                                                           Tai’s experience covers a range of industries
                                                                           including f inancial services, mining, information
                                                                           technology and legal (both private practice and
                                                                           in-house).




                                                                                                                           41
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report




For personal use only
                    The Directors are pleased to submit herewith the annual report of Zip Co Limited and its controlled
                    entities (the consolidated entity or the Group) for the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022. In order
                    to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors report as follows:


                    DIRECTORS
                    The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (Zip or the Company) during the whole of the
                    f inancial year and up to the date of this report, unless otherwise stated:

                    –      Diane Smith‑Gander AO
                    –      Larry Diamond
                    –      Peter Gray
                    –      John Batistich
                    –      Pippa Downes (Resigned on 22 June 2022)
                    –      Meredith Scott (Appointed on 1 September 2022)


                    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                    The principal activity of the consolidated entity is offering point‑of‑sale credit and payments to
                    customers and providing integrated retail f inance solutions to merchants, both online and in‑store.


                    REVIEW AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                    A summary of revenues and results for the period is set out below:

                                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED2
                                                                                                                           $’000            $’000

                        Revenue from ordinary activities1                                          Up 57%               620,003          393,919
                        Loss from ordinary activities af ter income tax
                        attributable to members                                                    Up 63%            (1,105,093)        (678,148)
                        Total comprehensive loss attributable to members                           Up 46%             (1,015,468)       (697,439)

                    1. Revenue f rom ordinary activities reported for the f inancial year ended 2021 included other income of $0.4 million.
                       Other income was subtracted f rom revenue for f inancial year 2021 to align with the f inancial results presentation
                       f or f inancial year ended 2022.
                    2. Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.


                    DIVIDENDS
                    No dividends have been declared for the year ended 30 June 2022 or for the previous
                    corresponding period.


                    REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                    Zip is a leading player in the digital retail f inance and payments industry. Established in 2013, the Group
                    is headquartered in Sydney, Australia with operations spanning 13 countries around the world providing
                    services in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Mexico, New Zealand, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
                    South Africa, Turkey, UAE, the United Kingdom and the United States.
                    The Group provides products to both consumers and small and medium‑sized merchants (SMEs).




                    42 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    CONSUMERS
                    Zip provides BNPL services to consumers, both online and in‑store, through the provision of line of
                    credit and instalment products. Revenue is generated from merchants (merchant fees), consumers
                    (predominantly account fees, establishment fees, instalment fees, late fees and interest) and
                    transaction fees (aff iliate fees and interchange).

                    SMALL AND MEDIUM‑SIZED MERCHANTS (SMES)
                    Zip provides SMEs unsecured loans of up to $500,000 through its Zip Business Capital product.
                    During the f inancial year Zip offered its Zip Business Trade and Trade Plus products to SMEs which
                    provided interest‑free lines of credit of up to $150,000. Zip no longer offers these products and has
                    narrowed its offering to the Zip Business Capital product.


                    REVIEW OF PERFORMANCE
                    During the current f inancial year, in response to changing market conditions globally, and more
                    specif ically within the BNPL Industry, Zip reviewed and revised its strategic priorities to increase its
                    focus on sustainable growth and prof itability in core markets. The revision included an assessment
                    of the availability and allocation of capital, an evaluation to ensure capital was being deployed to
                    the most signif icant global opportunities for prof itable and sustainable growth, and a review of
                    Zip’s global presence and opportunities to right‑size its global cost base.
                    The review, which is ongoing, has resulted in the decision to close the Singapore and the United
                    Kingdom operations, the discontinuance of the Group’s Pocketbook, Trade and Trade Plus products,
                    and the recording of an impairment charge as set out in this report.

                    OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
                    Consumers
                        KEY METRIC                                                             2022           2021              %

                        Transaction Volumes (’$M)                                           8,589.7        5,716.4        50.3%
                        Consumers (’M)                                                          11.4           7.3        56.2%
                        Merchants (’K)                                                          90.7          51.3         76.8%

                    Zip’s per formance is driven by a number of key operating metrics including Transaction Volumes, the
                    number of consumer accounts and integrated merchants. Zip has grown signif icantly across all key
                    operating metrics during the year, growing both organically and by acquisition.

                    Transaction Volumes
                                                                                               2022           2021     MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                              $’M            $’M            %

                        APAC                                                                 4,041.2       3,241.3         24.7%
                        AMERICAS                                                             4,123.5      2,449.9         68.3%
                        EMEA                                                                  425.0           25.2      1,586.5%
                                                                                            8,589.7        5,716.4        50.3%

                    Transaction volumes generated by consumers have grown to $8.6 billion for the f inancial year, an
                    increase of 50.3%. This includes transaction volumes of $242.2 million generated by Twisto, $56.4 million
                    generated by Spotii, and $48.9 million generated by Pay flex in the period from the date of acquisition,
                    reported in the EMEA segment. The Group generated 47.0% of volumes in APAC, compared to 56.7% in
                    the previous f inancial year, and 48.0% in the Americas compared to 42.9% in the previous f inancial year.



                                                                                                                                43
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Consumers
                                                                                               2022          2021      MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                M             M             %

                        APAC                                                                    3.2           2.8         14.3%
                        AMERICAS                                                                6.4            4.4        45.5%
                        EMEA                                                                     1.8           0.1             NM
                                                                                                11.4           7.3        56.2%

                    The number of consumer accounts has increased to 11.4 million globally at 30 June 2022, including
                    1.2 million added on the acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex, an increase of 4.1 million from the
                    7.3 million reported at 30 June 2021.

                    Merchants
                                                                                               2022          2021      MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                K             K             %

                        APAC                                                                   43.2          35.5         21.7%
                        AMERICAS                                                               22.0           15.6        41.0%
                        EMEA                                                                   25.5           0.2              NM
                                                                                               90.7          51.3         76.8%

                    Merchant numbers increased by 39,400 over the prior f inancial year, including 24,000 added on the
                    acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex. Enterprise merchants and SMEs continue to join Zip’s plat form
                    as they recognise that providing their consumers with Zip’s alternative payment method at point of sale
                    and at checkout increases sales volumes and order values, delivers acquisition of new customers and
                    drives repeat purchases.

                    SMEs (Business Financing)
                                                                                               2022          2021      MOVEMENT
                                                                                                $’M           $’M             %

                        Originations                                                          152.3          81.6         86.6%

                    Originations generated by Zip Business have increased 86.6% compared to the previous corresponding
                    period to $152.3 million, including $72.7 million from the Trade and Trade Plus product that are no longer
                    offered by the Group. The Zip Business Capital product generated originations of $79.6 million across
                    Australia and New Zealand, a 30.1% increase on the prior f inancial year.




                    44 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
                    GROUP RESULTS
                    Revenue grew by 57.4% to $620.0 million in the f inancial year to 30 June 2022 when compared to the
                    prior f inancial year, driven predominantly by growth in transaction volumes and originations of 50.8%
                    generated by Zip’s Consumer and SME operations to $8,742.0 million (underlying volumes), and include
                    the results of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex from the dates of acquisition.

                                                                                                             2022             2021       MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                            $’M              $’M              %

                        Consumers                                                                         8,589.7          5,716.4           50.3%
                        SMEs                                                                                152.3             81.6           86.6%
                        Underlying Volumes                                                                8,742.0         5,798.0            50.8%

                    Reported Gross Prof it as a percentage of underlying volumes fell to 1.7% compared to 2.2% in the
                    previous corresponding period. An increase in revenue, and reduction in interest as a percentage
                    of underlying volumes, off setting a 0.9% increase in bad debts and expected credit losses as a
                    percentage of underlying volumes.
                    Excluding the movement in the bad debt provision and the amortisation of funding costs, cash gross
                    profit as a percentage of underlying volumes fell from 3.1% in the previous corresponding period to 2.3%.

                                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                             2022       RESTATED*        MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                            $’M             $’M               %

                        Revenue                                                                            620.0            393.9             57.4%
                        Cost of sales   1
                                                                                                           (469.0)         (266.8)           75.8%
                        Gross prof it                                                                       151.0             127.1           18.8%
                        Expenditure                                                                      (1,257.8)          (870.9)          44.4%
                        Loss before income tax                                                           (1,105.4)          (743.4)          48.7%
                        Gross prof it                                                                       151.0             127.1           18.8%
                        Add: Movement in bad debt provision and amortisation
                        of funding costs                                                                     52.7             54.4            (3.1%)
                        Cash Gross Prof it                                                                  203.7            181.5            12.2%

                    1. Cost of sales includes interest expense (including $5.5 million of amortisation of f unding costs for FY22, and $5.1 million
                       f or FY21), bad debts and expected credit losses, and bank f ees and data costs.
                    * Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.




                                                                                                                                                      45
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    ADJUSTED GROUP RESULTS
                    The Group’s result for the year to 30 June 2022 includes a number of non‑recurring items and items
                    that have had a signif icant impact on the result. The Group’s adjusted loss before tax (which is non‑IFRS
                    information) is as follows:

                        Reported loss before tax                         ($1,105.4) million
                        Add back:
                        Acquisition of business costs                         $17.5 million    On acquisitions made or announced
                                                                                               in the period
                        Fair value gains relating to                        ($10.0) million    Revaluation of pre‑existing investments
                        acquisitions
                        One‑off re‑branding costs                            $20.3 million     Global re‑branding project costs
                        Impairment charge                                    $821.1 million    Impairment of goodwill and intangibles
                        Adjusted loss before income tax                   ($256.5) million

                    The adjusted loss before income tax includes an $821.1 million of impairment of goodwill and intangibles
                    in response to changing market conditions globally, and more specif ically within the BNPL Industry,
                    Zip’s assessment of the availability and allocation of capital as well as the revised strategic priorities
                    to increase its focus on sustainable growth and prof itability in core markets. Refer to Note 14 in the
                    f inancial statements for details.

                    REVENUE
                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                         2022     RESTATED*       MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                        $’M           $’M              %

                        Revenue                                                                        620.0         393.9           57.4%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                          7.1%         6.8%           0.3%

                    *    Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.
                    Revenue has increased by 57.4% compared to the prior f inancial year reflecting a 50.8% increase in
                    underlying volumes. Reported revenue as a percentage of underlying volumes was 7.1% compared
                    to 6.8% in the prior f inancial year.

                    COST OF SALES
                                                                                                                       2021
                                                                                                         2022     RESTATED*       MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                        $’M           $’M              %

                        Interest expense                                                                 78.6         63.8          23.2%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                          0.9%          1.1%          (0.2%)
                        Bad debts and expected credit losses                                            276.1         131.5         110.0%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                          3.2%         2.3%           0.9%
                        Bank fees and data costs                                                        114.3          71.5         59.9%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                          1.3%         1.2%            0.1%
                        Total cost of sales                                                             469.0        266.8           75.8%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                          5.4%         4.6%           0.8%

                    *    Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.



                    46 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Cost of sales increased to 5.4% of underlying volumes in the f inancial period primarily due to a 0.9%
                    increase in reported bad debts and expected credit losses.
                    Interest costs as a percentage of underlying volumes fell 0.2%, reflecting both reduced interest margins
                    in Australia and the Group now turning over capital more rapidly on a blended basis than in the previous
                    f inancial year. Greater volumes are being transacted on Zip’s instalment product globally which recycles
                    capital faster than the line of credit products.
                    Excluding the movement in the provision for expected credit losses, net bad debts written off totalled
                    2.6% of underlying volumes compared to 1.4% in the previous corresponding period. The Group is above
                    its medium‑term target of net bad debts written off of under 2% of underlying volumes, and accordingly
                    has adjusted risk settings and implemented port folio management activities to reduce the level of
                    write‑off s to move towards its target. As demonstrated on the onset of COVID‑19 in 2020 the Group is
                    able to manage the level of net write‑off s through the adjustment of the risk settings in its underwriting
                    models together with a tightening of its portfolio management activities whilst maintaining top‑line growth.
                    Bank fees and data costs increased by 0.1% as a percentage of underlying volumes as the higher cost
                    of processing in the US, compared to ANZ, were included for the full f inancial year, compared to ten
                    months in the previous corresponding period.

                    EXPENDITURE
                    The Group incurs expenses that have a cash impact and also reports a number of expense items that
                    either have no cash impact, a minor cash impact, or are the result of cash out flows in previous or
                    future reporting periods.

                    CASH EXPENSES

                                                                                                                2021
                                                                                                   2022    RESTATED*   MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                  $’M          $’M          %

                        Salaries and employee benef its expense                                    184.4        97.7      88.7%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                     2.1%        1.7%       0.4%
                        Marketing expenses                                                         120.1       73.8       62.7%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                     1.4%       1.3%          0.1%
                        Information technology expenses                                             47.1       24.0      96.3%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                    0.5%        0.4%          0.1%
                        Other operating expenses                                                   75.2        45.5      65.3%
                        % of underlying volumes                                                    0.9%        0.8%          0.1%

                    *    Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.
                    Including 261 employees added on the acquisitions of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex, the Group’s headcount
                    has increased from 1,048 at 30 June 2021 to 1,498 at 30 June 2022 following the headcount reduction
                    announced in April 2022. As a percentage of underlying volumes, salary and employee benef its have
                    increased by 0.4% as compared to 30 June 2021, reflecting the Group’s previous strategic priority of
                    investment in growth and geographic expansion.
                    The Group successfully completed a global re‑branding project in the twelve months to 30 June 2022
                    including the re‑branding of QuadPay in the US to Zip. Excluding the one‑off re‑branding costs of
                    $20.3 million, marketing costs, which comprise customer marketing initiatives, including rewards
                    programs, rebates, co‑marketing projects with enterprise merchants, and direct integration costs,
                    have increased to $99.8 million and represent 1.1% of underlying volumes.




                                                                                                                                47
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Additional hosting costs relating to acquisitions made during the year, together with increased sof tware
                    costs to monitor, manage and operate the Group’s IT infrastructure, have led to a marginal increase
                    in information technology costs as a percentage of underlying volumes.
                    Other operating costs include acquisition of business costs of $17.5 million, as well as professional
                    services, general administration, and other costs associated with the operation and management
                    of the Group globally.

                    OTHER EXPENSES

                                                                                                 2022           2021     MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                $’M            $’M          $’M

                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                   68.6           91.8         (23.2)
                        Corporate f inancing costs                                               31.0           10.8          20.2
                        Share‑based payments                                                     30.9          142.8         (111.9)
                        Fair value (gain)/loss on f inancial instruments                       (129.0)          77.6        (206.6)
                        Net adjustment relating to the acquisition of QuadPay                       ‒         306.2         (306.2)
                        Impairment of goodwill and intangibles                                  821.1              ‒         821.1

                    The movement in depreciation and amortisation costs reflects an increase in the amortisation
                    of intangibles following the acquisition of QuadPay, Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex since the respective
                    acquisition dates, an increase in the amortisation of internally generated IT development and sof tware,
                    off set by the write‑off of the QuadPay brand name in the previous f inancial year totalling $42.6 million.
                    Effective interest charged on convertible notes issued in September 2020 and April 2021 for the full
                    f inancial year 2022, as compared to the period since issuance in the prior f inancial year, resulted in
                    an increase of $19.8 million in corporate f inancing costs in the year to 30 June 2022 compared to the
                    f inancial year 2021.

                    To attract, retain and reward Zipsters, Zip offers a combination of short and long‑term incentives
                    that are delivered through equity. The share‑based payments expense relating to the provision of
                    retention and per formance incentives, arising on the acquisition of QuadPay, approved by shareholders
                    at the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) in August 2020, reduced to $5.4 million in the year ended
                    30 June 2022, a $97.3 million reduction compared to the prior f inancial year. Excluding this movement,
                    the increase reflects the accrual for both short‑term and long‑term employee incentives resulting
                    from the increased headcount across the Group.

                    The revaluation of the embedded derivative in the convertible notes and warrants issued to CVI
                    Investments Inc., for which their fair value is largely driven by Zip’s share price, resulted in a fair value
                    gain of $119.0 million being reported in the year to 30 June 2022, compared to a fair value loss of
                    $82.0 million in the previous f inancial year, a $201.0 million movement year on year.
                    In the f inancial year ended 30 June 2021, Zip recorded a revaluation and day 1 adjustment amounting
                    to $306.2 million on the acquisition of QuadPay as the directors did not consider the fair value of the
                    equity instruments granted for the purchase of QuadPay, as measured in accordance with AASB 13, was
                    reflected in the subsequent equity value of the instruments granted or the underlying assets acquired.
                    Following the strategic review of market conditions, including global inflation and interest rate
                    expectations, together with the availability of capital, Zip has adjusted discount rates and reduced
                    forecast growth rates and cash flows across the US and New Zealand CGUs resulting in a partial
                    impairment charge being recorded against the carrying value of goodwill arising on previous
                    acquisitions in those geographies. A partial impairment charge of $590.1 million has been recorded
                    on this basis, including $589.3 million in relation to the US CGU.




                    48 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    In addition, to deliver optimal returns in the short to medium‑term the Group has made the decision
                    to reduce the allocation of capital available to drive growth across the United Kingdom, Twisto, and
                    Spotii, reducing growth rates and subsequent cashflows from those CGUs. Consequently, Zip has fully
                    impaired the goodwill and acquired intangibles attributable to the Zip UK, Twisto and Spotii CGUs at
                    30 June 2022.
                    Accordingly, Zip has reported an impairment charge against the carrying value of goodwill and acquired
                    intangibles of $821.1 million in the year to 30 June 2022.

                    Receivables

                                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                     2022     RESTATED*    MOVEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                                    $’M           $’M           %

                        Customer receivables                                                       2,684.6     2,083.9       28.8%
                        Unearned future income                                                       (16.3)       (21.5)     (24.2%)
                        Provision for expected credit losses                                        (160.2)     (106.4)      50.6%
                                                                                                   2,508.1     1,956.0       28.2%

                    *    Restated numbers are explained in Note 28 in the f inancial statements.
                    The acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex together with strong growth in underlying volumes has
                    resulted in the Group’s receivables port folio increasing 28.2% to $2,508.1 million at 30 June 2022, up
                    from $1,956.0 million at 30 June 2021. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, receivables grew 25.3%.

                    The per formance of the receivables port folio has impacted roll rates (the percentage of receivables
                    that move into the next ageing bucket) included in the calculation of the provision for expected credit
                    losses, which together with the re‑assessment of the economic overlay within the Group’s provisioning
                    models, has resulted in the Group reporting a provision of 6.0% of the receivables at 30 June 2022,
                    compared with 5.1% at 30 June 2021.
                    Gross receivables generated by Zip’s APAC line of credit consumer business comprises 83.9% of the
                    gross receivables at 30 June 2022, compared to 86.2% at 30 June 2021. The repayment rate remains
                    healthy averaging 14.0% (of the opening receivables balance repaid each month) during the year ended
                    30 June 2022, compared to 14.6% across the prior f inancial year. The reported arrears rate (accounts
                    over 60 days past due) was 2.30% of the receivables at 30 June 2022, compared with 1.78% at
                    30 June 2021.

                    CORPORATE ACTIVITY
                    Zip focused on its global expansion strategy in the f irst half of the f inancial year to 30 June 2022
                    completing a number of acquisitions and investments. Zip completed the acquisitions of Spotii and
                    Twisto, announced in the previous f inancial year, and acquired Pay flex, in each case acquiring the
                    balance of the outstanding shares that it did not already own. In addition, Zip invested in leading
                    Indian BNPL operator ZestMoney and increased its investment in TendoPay. As set out previously
                    in this report, during the current f inancial year, in response to changing market conditions globally,
                    and more specif ically within the BNPL Industry, Zip reviewed and revised its strategic priorities to
                    increase its focus on sustainable growth and prof itability in core markets.




                                                                                                                                  49
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    ACQUISITIONS
                    SPOTII
                    On 18 October 2021, Zip completed the acquisition of Spotii, a leading tech‑enabled payments plat form
                    operating in the Middle East, paying $21.6 million (US$16 million) to acquire the 80% of the outstanding
                    shares it did not already own. On completion, Zip issued 2,850,412 new shares and allocated 285,039
                    shares in Zip’s Employee Share Trust to employee shareholders who were participants in the Spotii
                    employee share plan.
                    As part of consolidating the controlling entities of Spotii, the Group valued acquired intangibles
                    arising from the acquisition of Spotii in conjunction with independent valuers, and goodwill has been
                    determined. The valuation resulted in acquired intangibles totalling $5.4 million (net of taxation) and
                    goodwill of $21.1 million being recognised at the acquisition date.

                    TWISTO
                    Following shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting, Zip completed the acquisition of
                    Central European BNPL provider, Twisto on 12 November 2021. Total consideration for the acquisition
                    amounted to $135.3 million for the 87.63% of the outstanding shares in Twisto that Zip didn’t already
                    own. On completion, Zip paid cash of $0.6 million, and issued 17,454,987 new Zip shares valued at
                    $115.4 million. To satis f y any claims that may arise under the acquisition agreement, Zip held back
                    $19.3 million, to be settled through the issue of new ordinary shares in Zip subject to a maximum
                    issuance of 4,550,000 shares (Holdback Consideration), with the balance payable in cash, or subject
                    to compliance with the ASX listing rules, in shares. If no claims have been made by the end of the
                    one‑year anniversary of completion, Zip has 60 days to issue these Zip Shares. If a claim has been
                    made and has not been Finally determined or resolved by the end of the one‑year anniversary of
                    completion, Zip has up to no later than four years af ter the anniversary of completion of the acquisition
                    to issue these Zip Shares. The Holdback Consideration will be issued at an issue price equal to the
                    Company’s 30‑day VWAP immediately prior to their issuance, subject to a ‘minimum floor share price’
                    of $5.00 per Share and an ‘exchange rate cap’ of $1.82 per EUR. Further details regarding the Twisto
                    acquisition are set out in the Notice of Meeting and Explanatory Statement lodged by Zip on
                    ASX on 29 September 2021. No claims have been made to the date of this report.
                    As part of consolidating the controlling entities of Twisto, the Group has valued acquired intangibles
                    arising from the acquisition of Twisto in conjunction with independent valuers, and goodwill has been
                    determined. The valuation resulted in acquired intangibles totalling $43.6 million (net of taxation)
                    being recognised at the acquisition date and goodwill of $112.5 million being recognised at the
                    acquisition date.

                    Payflex
                    On 3 January 2022, Zip completed the acquisition of the remaining 73.75% interest in Pay flex that
                    it did not already own. Total consideration of $15.9 million comprised upfront consideration of
                    $8.9 million (ZAR$103.4 million), which was paid via 1,477,686 new Zip shares valued at $2.4 million
                    on 23 March 2022, with the balance payable in cash. Zip’s shares issued in settlement of the upfront
                    consideration are subject to voluntary escrow arrangements.
                    In addition, Zip has agreed to make a potential cash payment of up to a maximum of $0.6 million
                    (ZAR$7.2 million), subject to certain agreed conditions being met within 12 months from completion
                    in connection with Zip exploring the merit of “empowering” Pay flex in accordance with South African
                    legislation, policy and good corporate governance practice regarding ‘Black Economic
                    Empowerment’ investment.




                    50 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Deferred consideration of up to $6.4 million (ZAR$73.8 million) is payable subject to the satis faction
                    of prescribed per formance milestones, which are based on growth targets relating to the achievement
                    of total transaction volumes and net transaction margins for the twelve months per formance period
                    ending 30 June 2022. Deferred consideration is payable by the issue of up to 1,053,608 Zip shares, with
                    the balance payable in cash. Zip shares issued in settlement of the deferred consideration are subject
                    to voluntary escrow arrangements. At 30 June 2022, Pay flex has achieved the per formance milestones
                    and accordingly, the full amount will be payable by 30 September 2022.
                    As part of consolidating Pay flex, the Group valued acquired intangibles arising from the acquisition
                    of Pay flex in conjunction with independent valuers, and goodwill has been determined. The valuation
                    resulted in acquired intangibles totalling $5.2 million (net of taxation) and goodwill of $18.5 million being
                    recognised at the acquisition date.

                    INVESTMENTS
                    ZESTMONEY
                    On 23 September 2021, Zip invested $69.2 million (US$50.0 million) to acquire an 11.1% interest in
                    ZestMoney, a leading Indian BNPL operator. Under the agreement, Zip has taken a Board seat, agreed
                    on specif ic reserved matters that require its approval, and has negotiated terms to increase its
                    shareholding over time, at its discretion. This conditional right is not being recognised in the Group’s
                    Consolidated Financial Statements due to both the regulatory and other hurdles that need to be
                    overcome in order to exercise the right. Zip commenced the process to give up this conditional
                    right to increase its shareholding subsequent to the end of the f inancial year 2022.

                    TENDOPAY
                    On 17 December 2021, Zip increased its interest in TendoPay, a leading BNPL player in the Philippines,
                    by 10% to 35%, investing $2.8 million (US$2.0 million). On investing in TendoPay in the previous f inancial
                    year, Zip negotiated a conditional right to increase its shareholding. This conditional right is not being
                    recognised in the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements based on consideration of operational
                    matters in respect of exercising the conditional rights.

                    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                    Receivables Funding Facilities
                                                                                                           FACILITY
                                                                                           CURRENCY           LIMIT      DRAWN AT
                        CONSUMER FACILITIES                                                     $’M             $’M   30 JUNE 2022

                        Zip Master Trust
                        – Rated Note Series                                                                1,377.5         1,377.5
                        – Variable Funding Notes                                                             735.4          445.2
                        2017‑1 Trust                                                                         264.7          211.0
                        2017‑2 Trust                                                                         100.0           47.0
                        Total                                                                   AUD        2,477.6        2,080.7
                        AR2LLC                                                                  USD         300.0           116.9
                        NZ Trust 2021‑1                                                         NZD           30.0           16.0
                        TWISTO Czech                                                            CZK         958.0           560.8
                        TWISTO Poland                                                           EUR           19.4           15.9
                        PAYFLEX South Africa                                                    ZAR           55.0           30.0

                    The Group had total facilities of $2,477.6 million available to fund its Australian consumer receivables
                    at 30 June 2022, of which $2,080.7 million was drawn ($396.9 million undrawn and available).


                                                                                                                                  51
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    In September 2021, the Group completed its fourth rated note issuance, raising $617.5 million from
                    external investors, redeeming the inaugural note issuance of $475.0 million, with the balance available
                    to fund receivables. This was the f irst issuance under the Master Trust structure to be assigned a AAA
                    rating. In January 2022, the consolidated entity added the Zip Variable Funding Note 2 to the Zip Master
                    Trust, with a new senior funding partner, providing diversity of senior funding partners in the variable
                    funding structure within the Zip Master Trust.

                    The 2017‑2 Trust, which is available to fund receivables, junior notes, capital expenditure and working
                    capital, was extended to September 2023 during the f inancial year and the facility limit increased by
                    $30.0 million to $100.0 million.
                    Zip has a facility totalling US$300.0 million to fund its US consumer receivables which was drawn
                    to US$116.9 million at 30 June 2022.
                    Zip established a facility to fund consumer receivables in New Zealand during the f inancial year,
                    with a facility limit of NZ$30.0 million of which NZ$16.0 million was drawn at 30 June 2022.
                    The Group has facilities in both the Czech Republic and Poland to fund consumer receivables generated
                    by Twisto in the respective countries. In March 2022, the Group increased its Twisto Czech facility by
                    CZK$300.0 million.
                    Facilities available to fund receivables generated by Pay flex in South Africa totalling ZAR$55.0 million
                    of which ZAR$30.0 million was drawn at 30 June 2022.

                                                                                                            FACILITY
                                                                                            CURRENCY           LIMIT      DRAWN AT
                        SME FACILITIES                                                           $’M             $’M   30 JUNE 2022

                        Zip Business
                        Capital Australia                                                        AUD           60.0           32.8
                        Capital New Zealand                                                      NZD           40.0            8.0
                        Trade/Trade Plus                                                         AUD          100.0           13.5

                    The Group has separate funding facilities to support each of its Zip Business Capital product and its
                    Zip Business Trade and Trade Plus products.
                    In March 2022, the Group ref inanced its Zip Business Capital facility in Australia, increased the senior
                    commitment to $60.0 million and extended the availability period to March 2024. In May 2022, the
                    consolidated entity extended the facility funding receivables generated by Zip Business Capital in
                    New Zealand to November 2023, with the senior commitment increasing to NZ$40.0 million.
                    At the end of the f inancial year the Group had a facility totalling $100.0 million to fund its Zip Business
                    Trade and Trade Plus products, drawn $13.5 million. Following the decision to discontinue the Trade
                    and Trade Plus products, af ter the year end, the facility was fully repaid.




                    52 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Equity Capital
                    During the f inancial year, the Group raised a total of $172.7 million ($169.3 million net of costs) in equity,
                    from new and existing retail, institutional, sophisticated and professional investors. Funds were ultimately
                    raised to strengthen Zip’s Balance Sheet and position Zip for sustainable growth by providing more
                    runway to support Zip’s path to cash flow prof itability.

                    CHANGE IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
                    Other than detailed in this report, no signif icant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated
                    entity occurred during the f inancial year.

                    FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
                    In future financial years, Zip will increase its investment in growth in core markets (Australia, New Zealand
                    and the United States), improve unit economics, and reduce global costs base, to achieve sustainable
                    growth and an accelerated path to prof itability.

                    POST BALANCE DATE EVENTS
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, in light of current macroeconomic and market conditions, Zip and Sezzle
                    Inc. have mutually agreed to terminate their previously announced merger agreement for the proposed
                    acquisition of Sezzle by Zip.
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, an arbitration was entered into with respect to a legal dispute associated
                    with an alleged breach of contract. The directors consider the most likely outcome at this time is that
                    there is no material present obligation arising from a past event.
                    Following the decision to discontinue the Trade and Trade Plus products, the $13.5 million drawn under
                    the funding facility in place to provide funding to support these products was fully repaid in July 2022.
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, Zip made the decision to close its operations in Singapore and the UK,
                    in line with initiatives to reduce the Group’s cash burn following Zip’s strategic review of its
                    global operations.
                    On 26 August 2022, Zip waived the conditional right to increase its shareholding in relation to its
                    investment in its associate ZestMoney.
                    On 1 September, Zip cancelled $40.0 million of $100.0 million Interest Bearing Convertible Notes that
                    were issued in September 2020 to CVI Investments, Inc., an aff iliate of Heights Capital Management,
                    which is an aff iliate of the US‑based Susquehanna International Group (“SIG”). Under the terms of
                    the Convertible Notes, SIG elected to redeem $40.0 million convertible notes, with the repayment
                    by Zip of $42,987,857 which included accrued interest of $2,987,857. Following the redemption,
                    600 Convertible Notes remain outstanding and held by CVI Investments, Inc.
                    To the date of the release of this report, there have been no other material items, transactions or
                    events subsequent to 30 June 2022 which relate to conditions existing at that date and which require
                    comment or adjustment to the f igures dealt with in this report.

                    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
                    The Group is not subject to any signif icant environmental regulation under a law of the Commonwealth,
                    State or Territory law of Australia, or in any of the other jurisdictions that the Group currently, or is soon
                    to, have a presence in.




                                                                                                                                 53
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD ON 30 JUNE 2022
                        Name:                  Diane Smith‑Gander AO
                        Title:                 Non‑Executive Chair
                        Qualif ications:       BEc, MBA, FAICD, FGIA, FAIM, GAICD
                        Term:                  Non‑Executive Director and Chair of the Board appointed on 1 February 2021
                        Independent:           Yes
                        Committees:            Member of each of the Audit & Risk Committee and Remuneration,
                                               People & Culture Committee and Chair of the Nominations Committee.
                        Directorships:         Chair of Zip Co Limited, Chair of DDH1 Limited, Chair of Safe Work Australia
                                               (until February 2022), Chair of the Committee for Economic Development
                                               of Australia, Director of AGL Energy Limited (until 18 September 2022), Keystart
                                               Loans Group (until June 2022) and HBF Health Limited (and appointed Chair
                                               in May 2022).
                        Experience:            Diane has extensive Australian and international experience in banking and
                                               f inance, technology, and strategic and management consulting. This includes
                                               as a former partner at McKinsey & Company, and Group Executive IT and
                                               Operations, Westpac Banking Corporation.
                        Former Directorships   Wes farmers Limited (August 2009 ‒ 12 November 2020)
                        (last 3 years):
                        Interests in shares:   40,896

                        Name:                  Larry Diamond
                        Title:                 Managing Director and Global Chief Executive O ff icer
                        Qualif ications:       BTech(IT), MCom, CA
                        Term:                  Executive Director appointed on 11 September 2015
                        Independent:           No
                        Committees:            None
                        Directorships:         None
                        Experience:            Larry co‑founded Zip with Peter Gray in 2013 with the goal of disrupting
                                               the broken credit card model, using technology to create a transparent,
                                               fairer and more flexible alternative.

                                               Larry has lead Zip from f intech start‑up to one of Australia’s leading digital
                                               payment tech companies. Today Zip is an ASX200 listed company with over
                                               eleven million customers globally and a presence in 14 international markets.
                                               Prior to Zip Larry spent 12 years working in retail, technology and investment
                                               banking, where he f irst saw the opportunity to digitise f inancial services
                                               with innovative products that bring customers and merchants together.
                                               His career included two years at Deutsche Bank as a Senior Associate within
                                               the Corporate Finance team and three years as an Investment Banking
                                               Manager at Macquarie Capital.
                        Interests in shares:   55,165,522 (55,084,940 indirect and 80,582 direct)
                        Former Directorships   None
                        (last 3 years):
                        Interest in            818,826
                        per formance rights:



                    54 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        Name:                  Peter Gray
                        Title:                 Executive Director and Global Chief Operating O ff icer
                        Qualif ications:       Diploma of Finance
                        Term:                  Executive Director appointed on 11 September 2015
                        Independent:           No
                        Committees:            None
                        Directorships:         None
                        Experience:            Peter co‑founded Zip with Larry Diamond in 2013. Under his co‑leadership,
                                               the company has grown to become a truly international BNPL business.
                                               An operations and consumer credit expert, Peter has underwritten over
                                               3 million customers, $11 billion in transaction volume and $2 billion in loan
                                               receivables in Australia alone since the company was founded. Peter was
                                               the chief architect in developing Zip’s market‑leading credit and decisioning
                                               technology plat form and the launch of Zip’s Master Trust receivables
                                               funding program.

                                               Peter oversees Zip’s global operations including credit and risk management.
                                               Peter is a respected Australian BNPL authority and commentator, with over
                                               25 years’ experience spanning regulated consumer credit, operations, risk,
                                               legal, compliance and publicly listed companies.
                        Interests in shares:   17,916,610 (17,863,556 indirect and 53,054 direct)
                        Former Directorships   None
                        (last 3 years):
                        Interest in            810,426
                        per formance rights:

                        Name:                  John Batistich
                        Title:                 Non‑Executive Director
                        Qualif ications:       M.Mgt, BBus, GAICD
                        Term:                  Non‑Executive Director appointed on 6 February 2018
                        Independent:           Yes
                        Committees:            Chair of the Remuneration, People & Culture Committee and Member
                                               of the Nominations Committee, and the Audit & Risk Committee
                                               (as well as interim Chair from 22 June 2021 until 1 September 2022).
                        Directorships:         Chairman of Foodco Group Pty Limited (Director of a number of its
                                               subsidiaries), Sunny f ield Disability Services.
                        Experience:            John is a highly‑experienced growth leader who brings marketing, digital
                                               and human resources skills to the Board. John has over 25 years of cross
                                               sector experience in Research, Marketing, Digital and General Management
                                               with blue chip companies like West f ield Group, Interbrand, Wrigley Company,
                                               Pepsico Foods, Kimberley Clark and Lion Nathan.
                        Former Directorships   None
                        (last 3 years):
                        Interests in shares:   381,208




                                                                                                                               55
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Former Directorships quoted above are Directorships held in the last 3 years for listed entities only
                    and exclude Directorships of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.
                    On 1 September 2022, Meredith Scott was appointed as a Non‑Executive Director, Chair of the Audit
                    & Risk Committee and Member of the Nominations Committee and Remuneration, People & Culture
                    Committee. Meredith is a business leader and board member with over 35 years’ experience.
                    Meredith has been the Chief Executive O ff icer of Opportunity International Australia (Opportunity)
                    from 2018 to 2021 and she was Chairman of Opportunity’s Indian subsidiary, Dia Vikas Capital.
                    Previously she was with Ernst & Young for 32 years, including 19 years as an audit partner, and an
                    Ernst and Young Governing body member at national, Asian and Global levels. Throughout her time
                    as a Partner at Ernst & Young she has had signing responsibilities for clients ranging across the
                    Technology, Publishing, Telecommunications, Not for Prof it, Movie Production and Education sectors.
                    She was the f irst female to be appointed to the Oceania Executive team.

                    COMPANY SECRETARY
                    David Franks is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia, Fellow of the Financial Services Institute
                    of Australasia and a Chartered Accountant with over 25 years’ experience in company secretarial, finance
                    and accounting. Mr Franks has been CFO, Company Secretary and/or Director for numerous ASX listed
                    and unlisted public and private companies in a range of industries, including the company secretary
                    of Top 200 and 300 ASX listed entities.
                    Tai Phan (Joint Company Secretary) is an experienced lawyer, Company Secretary, corporate
                    governance and compliance professional. He has worked with Boards and executive management
                    for ASX listed (Westpac, HT&E Limited, and Yancoal Ltd) and numerous unlisted companies. He has
                    experience in the IPO listing process for the ASX, has been appointed an external consultant for AUSTRAC
                    and as the Head of Asia‑Pac Compliance for Travelex and Munich Re. Tai’s experience covers a range of
                    industries including f inancial services, mining, information technology and legal (both private practice
                    and in‑house).




                    56 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    MEETING OF DIRECTORS
                    The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (‘the Board’) and of each Board
                    committee held during the year ended 30 June 2022, and the number of meetings attended by
                    each Director were:

                                                                                                        REMUNERATION
                                                                                    AUDIT AND RISK     PEOPLE & CULTURE       NOMINATIONS
                                                     BOARD DIRECTORS                  COMMITTEE           COMMITTEE            COMMITTEE

                                               MEETINGS       AD‑HOC MEETINGS1

                                           HELD2   ATTENDED     HELD3   ATTENDED    HELD2   ATTENDED    HELD2   ATTENDED    HELD2   ATTENDED

                        Diane Smith‑
                        Gander AO            13        13        22        22         6         6         4         4         1         1
                        Larry Diamond        13        13        22        22       NM4       NM4        NM4       NM4       NM4       NM4
                        Peter Gray           13        13        22        22       NM4       NM4        NM4       NM4       NM4       NM4
                        John Batistich       13        13        22        21         6         6         4         4         1         1
                        Pippa Downes5        12        12        22        22         6         6         3         3         1         1

                    1. Out of cycle Board meetings typically called for a special purpose that do not form part of the Board approved
                       yearly planner.
                    2. The number of meetings held during the time the Director held off ice and was a member of the relevant committee.
                    3. The number of Ad‑hoc meetings held during the time the Director held office and was a member of the relevant committee.
                    4. NM refers to not a member of the committee.
                    5. Resigned on 22 June 2022.
                    6. In the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, there were 5 Due Diligence Committee meetings held to consider the
                       acquisition of Sezzle. The Committee members included the following directors, Diane Smith‑Gander AO, Larry Diamond,
                       Peter Gray, John Batistich and Pippa Downes with attendance (held/attended) of 5/5, 5/4, 5/5, 5/5 and 5/5 respectively.




                                                                                                                                             57
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report




For personal use only
                    This report forms part of the Company’s FY22 Director’s Report and sets out the remuneration
                    arrangements for Zip Co’s Directors and other Key Management Personnel (KMP) for the year ended
                    30 June 2022 (FY22). KMPs are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing
                    and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, including all Directors. The Report is
                    prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and has been audited as
                    required by section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act. The report is divided into the following sections.




                    CONTENTS
                    1. 	   MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION, PEOPLE AND CULTURE COMMITTEE                         59

                    2.     LIST OF KMP FOR FY22                                                                             62

                    3.     REMUNERATION OVERVIEW FOR FY22                                                                   63

                    4.     ZIP’S REMUNERATION STRATEGY, POLICY AND FRAMEWORK                                                69

                    5.     THE LINK BETWEEN PERFORMANCE AND REWARD IN FY22                                                  83

                    6.     STATUTORY DISCLOSURES                                                                            87




                    58 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    1. MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION,
                        PEOPLE AND CULTURE COMMITTEE
                    On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the audited Remuneration Report for the
                    year ended 30 June 2022. Zip Co’s Remuneration report details how executive remuneration outcomes
                    are linked to corporate per formance for FY22. The report details our remuneration policy and its
                    alignment between executive remuneration and shareholder outcomes.


                    FY22 PERFORMANCE ON KEY MEASURES:


                        Total Transaction                     Revenue                                   Gross Customer
                        Volumes                                                                         Receivables


                        $8.7b                                 $620m                                     $2.7b
                        +51% above FY21                       +57% above FY21*                          +29% above FY21*



                        Credit Losses1                        Cash Net                                  Cash Gross
                        (Net Bad Debts % of TTV)              Transaction Margin1                       Profit 1


                        2.6%                                  2.3%                                      $203.7m
                        +1.2% points above                    ‑0.8% points below FY21*                  +12% above FY21*
                        FY21*



                        Customer Accounts                     Customer NPS                              Merchant
                        (Number of Accounts)                  (Australia and USA)                       Accounts


                        11.4m                                 33                                        90.7k
                        +56% vs FY21                          As at 30 June 2022                        +77% vs FY21



                        Available Cash and                    Proxy Cash                                Employee Engagement
                        Liquidity1                            EBTDA 1                                   (Global)2


                        $279m                                 ‑$207m 80%
                        As at 30 June 2022                    ‑$159m below FY21*                        9% points below FY21


                    * The comparative information for FY21 is restated. Please refer to Note 28 in the f inancial statements.
                    1. Non‑IFRS information. Reported Gross Prof it adjusted for the movement in expected credit losses, and amortised f inance
                        costs expressed as a percentage of underlying volumes. Reported EBTDA adjusted for the movement in expected credit
                        losses, amortised f unding costs and unrealised foreign exchange movements.
                    2.	FY21 measured Employee Engagement for Australia and New Zealand whilst FY22 measured Australia, United States,
                        New Zealand, United Kingdom, Canada, Mexico and Singapore.



                                                                                                                                             59
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    For FY22, the Company delivered strong growth in Total Transaction Volume, Gross Receivables,
                    Revenue, Active Customer Accounts and Merchant Accounts. Consumer Net Promoter Scores and
                    Employee Engagement also per formed strongly. Higher credit losses drove lower Cash Net Transaction
                    Margin and together with investments in new markets, negatively impacted the Company’s Cash EBTDA.
                    The Zip share price and market capitalisation declined through FY22. Adverse macroeconomic
                    and market conditions have resulted in signif icant reductions in the value of many high‑growth
                    technology companies, especially across the payments and ‘Buy Now Pay Later’ sector. The Board
                    acknowledges the negative Total Shareholder Return (TSR), particularly in the second half of FY22,
                    and supports the shif t in strategic focus in response to signif icant changes in the external environment.
                    Consequently, the Company is refocusing on delivering sustainable growth in the core markets of ANZ
                    and the US, improving unit economics and optimising its global cost base, accelerating the path to
                    Cash EBTDA prof itability in FY24.
                    The Board’s Remuneration, People and Culture Committee keeps the Company’s remuneration
                    policies under regular review to ensure they advance the Board’s strategic goals, resulting in high
                    retention rates for key talent as well as reflect shareholder interests and expectations. This year the
                    Committee has further ref ined the remuneration framework and has canvassed the views and
                    feedback from shareholders, including proxy advisors, to drive per formance in the long‑term
                    interests of shareholders.
                    The primary governance challenges facing the Committee through FY22 related to responding to the
                    Company’s lower market capitalisation, and careful judgement has been exercised in striking a balance
                    between various stakeholders’ interests in the following key areas:
                    –    Improving transparency to clearly demonstrate how the Company’s remuneration framework is
                         being implemented. Improvements on the transparency on the Short‑Term Variable Reward (STVR)
                         measures and per formance hurdles, and the Long‑Term Variable Reward (LTVR) program measures
                         and hurdles are outlined in this report;
                    –    The Company is focused on retaining talent in key roles with high‑demand skills which are under
                         signif icant market pressure;
                    –    The Company is focused on ANZ and the US, requiring the Company to increasingly compete
                         for talent in the US, which traditionally pays signif icantly more remuneration than the Australian
                         market, putting upward pressure on executive remuneration for US‑sourced and based talent;
                    –    The Company has relied signif icantly on equity‑based remuneration to attract, retain and align
                         talent at all levels. Such remuneration is generally determined as a percentage of Fixed Salary, and
                         with declines in the share price, a larger number of Shares is required to satis f y current, or even
                         reduced values of, equity‑based remuneration. The combination of reduced equity opportunities
                         for executives, and the larger number of units that will be involved, based on a low share price, is
                         viewed by the Board as a reasonable balance between stakeholder expectations. Consequently,
                         the Board intends to seek approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting to update and increase the
                         capacity of the Employee Incentive Plan, which is necessary to offer market competitive variable
                         rewards to Employees based on a lower share price, with planned reductions in the value of the
                         grants to Executives as noted;
                    –    The lower market capitalisation is likely to lead to external assessments of executive packages
                         although Zip’s scale and complexity, and consequently the size/diff iculty of executive roles has
                         increased. The Board views that the Fixed Salary for Executives as fair with no changes required,
                         however, new offers for Variable Remuneration will be modified with a lower award opportunity; and
                    –    The Board has reviewed Non‑Executive Director (NED) fees in line with the new comparator set to
                         ensure that they are fair and responsible and has made changes in FY23 as detailed in this report.




                    60 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    The Board is focused on linking FY22 remuneration outcomes with per formance. To reflect the
                    experience of shareholders in FY22, the following remuneration outcomes are detailed in this report:
                    –   The CEO and COO have elected to for feit their participation in the STVR Plan for FY22;
                    –   The CFO will receive a STVR outcome of only 28.6% of the Maximum award opportunity for FY22;
                    –   The LTVR hurdles for the three‑year measurement period FY20 to FY22 (just completed) have
                        not been achieved and no vesting will occur; and
                    –   No Board discretion has been exercised on any remuneration outcome for FY22.
                    The Board has responded to the new strategic focus and market comparator set and made the
                    following changes to the remuneration framework for FY23, which are detailed in this report:

                    –   STVR: Per formance measures for FY23 have been redef ined so as to align with the
                        refocused strategy;
                    –   LTVR: The Board has elected to reduce the LTVR award opportunity for all Executive KMPs to 25%
                        for Target and 50% for Maximum of Fixed Salary from FY23. Additionally, the per formance measure
                        will shif t from an absolute to an indexed TSR which compares the TSR of the Company to the TSR
                        of the ASX 300 Accumulation Index; and
                    –   NED Remuneration: NEDs have elected voluntarily to reduce the Director‘s fees from 1 July 2022,
                        to be partially facilitated by a new NED Equity Plan for Restrictive Rights which will be subject to
                        Shareholder approval at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.
                    The Board recognises that it needs to balance the linking of variable remuneration outcomes with
                    shareholder value with being able to attract and retain the talent needed to deliver on the Company’s
                    strategic goals. The Board is of the view that the overall remuneration framework, which continues
                    to undergo development as circumstances evolve, appropriately balances factors such as retention
                    and disclosure with meaningful per formance measures that are strongly linked to shareholder
                    value. Per formance on f inancial, customer and employee measures are integrated into the overall
                    remuneration framework. The FY22 remuneration outcomes reflect the intended operation of the
                    remuneration framework which is designed to manage a range of per formance and risk outcomes.
                    Finally, the Board seeks to develop and implement a fair, responsible and competitive remuneration
                    framework that rewards decision‑making and per formance that aligns with the long‑term interests
                    of Shareholders and with Zip’s standards of behaviour and risk appetite. The Board believes the
                    remuneration framework to be appropriate and effective to attract and retain high‑quality KMP
                    and Executives to operate, manage and drive per formance.
                    We invite you to read the Remuneration Report and we welcome your feedback.




                    John Batistich
                    Chair ‒ Remuneration, People and Culture Committee




                                                                                                                               61
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    2. LIST OF KMP FOR FY22
                    This report covers NEDs and Senior Executives who are considered to be KMP. The Table below identif ies
                    the KMP for Zip for FY22:

                    TABLE 1 — LIST OF KMP FOR FY22

                                                                                                            COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP

                                                                                                               REMUNERATION
                                                                                                   AUDIT AND    PEOPLE AND
                        KMP               ROLE                         APPOINTED       CEASED        RISK        CULTURE    NOMINATIONS

                        Diane             Independent                    1/2/21         n/a             Y             Y            C
                        Smith‑Gander      Non‑Executive Chair
                        AO
                        John Batistich    Independent                    3/9/18         n/a            C1             C            Y
                                          Non‑Executive
                                          Director
                        Pippa Downes      Independent                   1/10/20       22/6/22           C             Y            Y
                                          Non‑Executive
                                          Director
                        Larry Diamond     Chief Executive                1/7/16         n/a
                                          O ff icer and Executive
                                          Director
                        Peter Gray        Chief Operating                1/7/16         n/a
                                          O ff icer and Executive
                                          Director
                        Martin Brooke     Chief Financial O ff icer      9/1/17         n/a

                    C = Chair of Committee. Y = Member of Committee.
                    1. John Batistich became chair of the Audit and Risk Committee when Pippa Downes resigned f rom the Board.

                    Following the end of FY22 Meredith Scott was appointed as a Director of Zip, Chair of the Audit and
                    Risk Committee and member of the Remuneration, People and Culture and Nomination Committees
                    effective from 1 September 2022.




                    62 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    3. REMUNERATION OVERVIEW FOR FY22
                    3.1 ZIP REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
                    With a focus on the path to prof itability the Board seeks to drive strategic alignment, attract and
                    retain quality talent, create a simple and transparent design, ensure that remuneration supports
                    high per formance, strengthens culture (including risk management), and drives sustainable value
                    for Shareholders.

                    The Table below outlines Zip’s remuneration structure for FY22 for the Executive KMP:

                    TABLE 2 — ZIP REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK SUMMARY

                                               TOTAL FIXED REMUNERATION                              VARIABLE REMUNERATION

                                                             Long‑Term             Short Term                   Long‑Term
                        Element    Fixed Pay                 Equity (LTE)          Variable Reward              Variable Reward

                        Purpose    Attract and               Provides Zip          STVR rewards                 LTVR aligns Executive
                                   retain Executives,        with the best         performance against          accountability and
                                   considering the size      opportunity           annual objectives            remuneration outcomes
                                   and complexity of         to attract and        that focus on                with the delivery of
                                   the role, individual      retain high quality   delivering short‑term        sustained group
                                   responsibilities,         talent across         strategic outcomes.          performance and
                                   experience and skills     the business by                                    shareholder interests
                                   in the context of the     supplementing                                      over the long‑term.
                                   external market.          moderate cash
                                                             Fixed Pay with
                                                             equity that
                                                             provides
                                                             skin‑in‑the‑game
                                                             while minimising
                                                             cash‑drain.
                        Delivery   Base salary (including    Rights with           Ordinary shares with         Performance rights
                                   salary sacrifice) and     equal vesting         50% subject to a 12 month    vesting after three years,
                                   superannuation.           over 4 years          restriction period for       subject to achieving
                                                             (25% per year).       Executive KMP.               performance hurdles.
                        FY22       TFR is positioned         Subject to            For FY22, STVR is            LTVR is positioned
                        Approach   at or around the          continued             measured against a           above the market
                                   P50 (i.e. median) of      performance,          balanced scorecard           median. For FY22, 100%
                                   market benchmarks,        that meets            with performance             of Rights are subject
                                   however, the Board        expectations,         hurdles, including the       to a performance hurdle
                                   has discretion            and employment        following measures:          based on absolute Total
                                   to alter positioning      over the vesting      – TTV (30%)                  Shareholder (TSR) Growth,
                                   to recognise              period.                                            according to the following
                                   individual factors.                             – Net Transaction            vesting scale:
                                                                                     Margin (15%)
                                                                                   – Consumer Accounts
                                                                                     (15%)                        ABSOLUTE
                                                                                                                  TSR GROWTH      % VESTING
                                                                                   – Consumer NPS (15%)
                                                                                   – Employee Engagement          ≥ 20% p.a.          100%
                                                                                     (10%)
                                                                                                                  > 15% p.a.
                                                                                   In FY23, the performance       & < 20% p.a.     Pro‑rata
                                                                                   measures will be modified      15% p.a.             50%
                                                                                   with a focus on Cash
                                                                                   EBTDA, in line with the        < 15% p.a.            0%
                                                                                   path to profitability.
                                                                                                                In FY23, this metric is
                                                                                                                being replaced with an
                                                                                                                indexed TSR detailed in
                                                                                                                this report.




                                                                                                                                             63
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Remuneration at Zip is delivered in cash and equity vesting over a number of years. The Table below
                    outlines when the different components of remuneration are awarded and when they vest (for the
                    at‑risk components):

                    TABLE 3 — EXECUTIVE KMP REMUNERATION DELIVERY PROFILE

                        TYPE       COMPONENT   INSTRUMENT        FY22             FY23           FY24       FY25        FY26

                        Total Fixed Fixed      Salary and        Paid monthly
                        Remun-      Pay        Superannuation    during the FY
                        eration
                                    LTE        Rights subject    Issued during    25% vest       25% vest   25% vest    25% vest
                                               to continued      FY vesting
                                               per formance      over 4 years
                                               and employment
                        Variable   STVR        Ordinary          50% of the       50% of
                        At‑Risk                Shares subject    shares are       shares
                                               to per formance   restricted for   become
                                               against           12 months        unrestricted
                                               balanced
                                               scorecard
                                   LTVR        Per formance      Granted          LTVR                      LTVR
                                               Rights subject    during           per form-                 vests
                                               to achievement    the FY           ance                      subject
                                               of TSR                             period                    to TSR
                                               per formance                                                 per form-
                                               hurdles                                                      ance




                    64 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    3.2 GROUP PERFORMANCE
                    The Board remains focused on linking variable remuneration outcomes for Executive KMPs with
                    shareholders’ experience whilst balancing the need to attract and retain key talent to deliver on
                    the Company’s strategic goals.
                    For FY22, the Company delivered strong growth in Total Transaction Volumes, Customer Accounts,
                    Gross Receivables and Revenue. Elevated credit losses and investments in new global markets
                    negatively impacted Cash Net Transaction Margin and Cash EBTDA.
                    The Zip share price and market capitalisation declined in the context of a signif icant devaluation
                    of many comparable high‑growth technology and payments companies. The Board is committed
                    to rebuilding shareholder value over the long‑term and has taken actions to position the Company
                    to deliver prof itability in FY24. The Table below outlines the key per formance measures over the
                    last 5 years:

                    TABLE 4 — PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OVER LAST 5 YEARS

                        YEAR ENDING 30 JUNE                                  FY22             FY21            FY20             FY19      FY18

                        Total Transaction Value ($ billions)                   8.7             5.8              2.1                1.1    0.5
                        Consumer Accounts (millions)                          11.4             7.3              2.1                1.3    0.7
                        Gross Receivables ($ billions)                         2.7             2.1*             1.2                0.7    0.3
                        Revenue ($ millions excluding
                        Other Income)                                      620.0            393.9*           160.1             82.9      39.3
                        Cash Net Transaction Margin (%)                       2.3              3.1*             3.8                3.9    2.6
                        Cash EBTDA ($ millions)                            (207.0)           (48.0)*            3.5                9.2   (8.8)
                        Share Price High ($)                                 8.78           14.53             6.97             3.98      1.27
                        Share Price Low ($)                                  0.44            4.96             1.05             0.84      0.56
                        Share Price Open ($)                                 7.57            5.23              3.31            0.87      0.65
                        Share Price Close ($)                                0.44             7.57            5.23             3.31      0.87
                        Dividends paid in year                                  ‒                ‒                ‒                 ‒      ‒

                    *    The comparative information for FY21 is restated. Please refer to Note 28 in the f inancial statements.




                                                                                                                                            65
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    3.3 EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION OPPORTUNITIES AND OUTCOMES
                    The Executive KMP Remuneration mix refers to the proportion of remuneration that senior executives
                    can receive as Fixed Remuneration (including LTE Rights) and any Variable ‘at risk’ remuneration.
                    The Figure below features three graphs depicting the ‘Achieved’ FY22 remuneration mix for the
                    Executive KMP relative to the Target and Maximum level of per formance. Importantly, the CEO and
                    COO have elected to for feit their participation in the STVR award for FY22 to align with shareholders’
                    experience. Further, the LTVR per formance hurdle will not be achieved for the FY22 measurement period.

                    FIGURE 1 ‒ FY22 REMUNERATION OPPORTUNITIES AND OUTCOMES

                    a. Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director


                        Achieved                87%              13%




                          Target                40%                    20%           10%                30%




                        Maximum                 29%                     14%                 14%                            43%


                                   $                  400,000                 800,000                   1,200,000                1,600,000   2,000,000

                                       Fixed Salary      Fixed LTE           STVR          LTVR


                    b. Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director


                        Achieved               87%              13%




                          Target                40%                    20%          10%               30%




                        Maximum                 29%                    14%                14%                        43%


                                   $                  400,000                 800,000                   1,200,000                1,600,000   2,000,000

                                       Fixed Salary      Fixed LTE           STVR          LTVR


                    c. Chief Financial Officer


                        Achieved                78%              11% 11%




                          Target                44%                      22%          11%             22%




                        Maximum                 33%                     17%                     17%                 33%


                                   $                      400,000                           800,000                   1,200,000              1,600,000

                                       Fixed Salary      Fixed LTE           STVR          LTVR


                    66 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    3.4 KEY GOVERNANCE CONSIDERATIONS FOR FY22
                    The Board undertakes regular reviews of the remuneration framework to ensure appropriateness
                    giving consideration to the business strategy and the changing global competition for talent,
                    particularly amongst high‑demand technology, engineering, product, data analytics, cyber security
                    and customer relationship roles. Zip’s expansion into the US and other global markets has changed the
                    size, scope and complexity for key roles. Further, signif icant changes in the market capitalisation of
                    the Company, have changed the market comparator set. Market benchmarking (with the assistance of
                    independent advisors) was implemented to ensure that the remuneration framework remains fair and
                    competitive against the comparator companies including those that Zip competes for global talent.
                    During FY22 the Board responded to feedback from stakeholders, including investors and Proxy Advisors,
                    making enhancements to the remuneration framework and its reporting. These changes include:
                    –      Greater detail has been provided on how the per formance hurdles for variable awards are
                           determined. Specif ically, the per formance measures for the STVR Plan now feature the details
                           on the Target and Maximum hurdles;
                    –      TSR remains the sole per formance hurdle for the LTVR Plan to directly align the award opportunity with
                           shareholders’ long‑term interests. The Committee has again reviewed whether the introduction of
                           a second LTVR per formance measure is appropriate. It remains the Board’s view that an additional
                           measure is not appropriate at Zip’s current stage of development. The Committee regards the
                           application of a TSR per formance measure to be the most effective model of aligning long‑term
                           executive per formance with shareholder value outcomes and will review the appropriateness of
                           the single measure LTVR program on an annual basis;
                    –      The per formance measure for the LTVR Plan will change from an absolute to an indexed Total
                           Shareholder Return (TSR) from FY23. Target is TSR compound annual growth of between 5% and
                           less than 10% relative to the ASX 300 Accumulation Index, and Maximum is TSR compound annual
                           growth of at least 10% relative to the ASX 300 Accumulation Index; and
                    –      The LTVR retesting clause was removed in FY22 and any rights that do not vest at the testing
                           point will lapse for any new plans.

                    3.5 REMUNERATION CHANGES FOR FY23
                    In line with shareholders’ experience and the strategic shif t for the Company, the Board has responded
                    with a range of remuneration changes for FY23 as outlined below.

                    a. STVR Plan Changes for FY23
                    The STVR per formance measures will change to reflect a refocus on strategic goals to deliver a path
                    to prof itability with the addition of a Cash EBTDA measure weighted at 50% of the award opportunity.
                    The Table below outlines the change in per formance measures and weighting for the
                    award opportunity:

                    TABLE 5 — STVR PERFORMANCE MEASURES CHANGES

                        FY22                                                  FY23

                        – Total Transaction Volumes $ (30%)                   – Cash EBTDA $ (50%)
                        – Net Transaction Margin % (30%)                      – Net Transaction Margin % (30%)
                        – Consumer Accounts (15%)                             – Total Transaction Volumes $ (5%)
                        – Consumer NPS (15%)                                  – Consumer ‒ Monthly Transacting Users %
                                                                                of last 12 month active users (5%)
                        – People ‒ Employee Engagement % (10%)
                                                                              – People ‒ Employee Engagement % (10%)




                                                                                                                                67
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    These per formance measures have been chosen to best reflect f inancial and non‑f inancial
                    per formance aligned to the Company’s strategic goals over the short term. Cash EBTDA, Cash Net
                    Transaction Margin and TTV and are considered the most appropriate f inancial measures aligned to
                    the Company’s strategic goal to grow with positive unit economics, effective cost management to
                    deliver prof itability in FY24. These f inancial measures now account for 85% of the STVR scorecard.
                    The remaining 15% of the STVR scorecard is weighted to customer and people measures. Customers
                    are central to Zip’s mission and the scorecard measures driving higher levels of engagement through
                    higher monthly active usage. The Employee engagement measure is retained and is independently
                    measured for Australia and United States markets scoring employee satis faction and discretionary
                    effort to support the Company’s ability to grow and develop talent and drive a high per formance culture.

                    b. LTVR Plan Changes for FY23
                    For FY23, af ter making an assessment against a revised market comparator set based on Zip’s new
                    market capitalisation, the Board has elected to reduce the LTVR opportunity for all Executive KMPs to
                    a maximum of 50% of base salary.
                    Additionally, the per formance measure will shif t from absolute to an indexed TSR which compares the
                    TSR of the Company to the TSR of the ASX 300 Accumulation Index (Index) with the vesting percentages
                    to be determined by the following scales:

                    TABLE 6 — LTVR PERFORMANCE MEASURES CHANGES

                                ZIP’S TSR COMPARED TO MOVEMENT IN ASX 300 ACCUMULATION INDEX                  % VESTING

                                                = index movement + 10%                                          100%
                                   > index movement + 5% & < index movement + 10%                             Pro‑rata
                                                 = index movement + 5%                                          50%
                                                 < index movement + 5%                                           0%

                    Indexed TSR was selected as it recognises the total returns (share price movement and dividends
                    assuming they are reinvested into Company shares) that accrue to shareholders over the measurement
                    period. This measure creates the most direct alignment between shareholder return and rewards
                    realised by Senior Executives. TSR per formance is assessed af ter the end of the measurement period,
                    and is aligned with the release of results to ensure that the share price upon which TSR is determined
                    reflects an informed market.
                    Indexed TSR was selected to ensure that participants do not receive windfall gains from broad market
                    movements unrelated to the per formance of the Executive KMP.
                    Vesting commences upon TSR exceeding the Index TSR by 5% compound annual growth, with full
                    vesting occurring once Zip’s TSR exceeds the Index TSR by 10% compound annual growth over the
                    per formance period. The TSR must be positive to be awarded. This hurdle has been determined with
                    regard for the historic per formance of the ASX 300 Accumulation Index whereby 5% compound annual
                    growth or greater represents upper quartile per formance. This would, in the Board’s view, represent
                    a strong outcome for the Company and its Shareholders.




                    68 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    c. NEDs Fee Changes for FY23
                    Following the end of the f inancial year, the Committee reviewed the Board fees in light of the reduction
                    in Zip’s share price. As a result of this review against a new comparator set, the Board decided to
                    voluntarily reduce Board fees to bring them in line with the market benchmarks and in recognition
                    of the experience of shareholders. The Table below sets out the reduced fees for FY23 effective
                    from 1 July 2022:


                    TABLE 7 — FY23 NON‑EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES

                                                                                                                             FY23
                                                                                                FY22               (EFFECTIVE 1ST JULY 2022)

                                                                                                    DIRECTOR/                       DIRECTOR/
                        ROLE                                                       CHAIR FEE1      MEMBER FEE       CHAIR FEE      MEMBER FEE

                        Main Board                                                $300,0002            $150,000   $260,0003        $130,0003
                        Audit and Risk Committee                                   $25,000             $12,500      $20,000         $10,000
                        Remuneration, People and Culture Committee                 $12,500             $12,500      $10,000         $10,000

                    1. The Board chair does not receive additional fees for serving on Committees.
                    2. The Board chair fee was increased to $300,000 during the f inancial year in line with the comparator set early in FY22.
                    3. $40,000 of the Chair Fee and $20,000 of the Board Member Fee are to be provided in a NED Equity Plan, with Restricted
                       Rights, subject to Shareholder Approval at the 2022 AGM.


                    4. ZIP’S REMUNERATION STRATEGY, POLICY AND FRAMEWORK
                    4.1 REMUNERATION PRINCIPLES
                    Zip’s remuneration strategy is designed to attract, motivate and retain talent to drive a
                    high‑per formance culture that delivers on our business strategy and contributes to sustainable
                    long‑term returns for Shareholders. It is designed to ensure that there is strong alignment between
                    remuneration and per formance. This strategy is underpinned by the following principles:




                          Strategic           Market            Per formance           Simple and            Enhances           Sustainable
                          Alignment         Competitive             Based             Transparent             Culture              Value
                         Provide clear         Provide              Support           Implement                Support            Reward
                         alignment of          market            merit‑based        remuneration            appropriate         sustainable
                        remuneration         competitive        remuneration         policies that          risk culture          outper-
                        with strategic     remuneration         achievement           are simple,          and employee          formance
                        objectives and     to attract and          across a          transparent              conduct
                         Shareholder        retain quality       diverse and           and well            aligned to our
                             value          global talent          inclusive         understood              standards
                                                                  work force




                                                                                                                                                 69
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    4.2 ZIP REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                    Designed to attract and retain high‑per formance talent to deliver sustainable shareholder returns and
                    meet regulatory requirements, Zip’s remuneration governance framework is led and approved by the
                    Board with input from Shareholders, Proxy Advisors and Remuneration Advisors. The Board delegates
                    responsibility for policies and framework to the Remuneration, People and Culture Committee.
                    The Zip Board reviews and approves remuneration policy and principles, remuneration frameworks
                    for Senior Executives and NEDs, and specif ic remuneration outcomes for Executive KMP and Senior
                    Executives. The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee is the governing body for developing,
                    monitoring and assessing remuneration strategy, policies and practices across the Company on behalf
                    of the Board. The role of the Committee is to review, challenge, assess and as appropriate, endorse the
                    recommendations made by management for Board approval. It oversees the Company’s remuneration
                    framework and assists the Board to ensure that the remuneration strategy and policy are fair,
                    responsible, effective and competitive. The Committee refers to the Policy when developing Board
                    recommendations about Executive KMP remuneration outcomes and approves any variation to ensure
                    global framework integrity. The Figure below outlines the Zip Remuneration Governance Framework:

                    FIGURE 2 — REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK


                        BOARD                                COMMITTEE                          MANAGEMENT

                        – Approves the overall               The Remuneration, People           – Provides information
                          remuneration policy and            and Culture Committee has            relevant to remuneration
                          ensures it is competitive,         delegated responsibility             decisions and make
                          fair and aligned to the            by the Board to make                 recommendations to
                          long-term interests                recommendations on:                  the Committee.
                          of the Company and
                          Shareholders.                      – The remuneration policies        – Executes the Board
                                                               and framework;                     approved remuneration
                        – Approves Senior                                                         framework throughout
                          Executives and other               – Non-Executive Director             the organisation.
                          KMP remuneration.                    and Senior Executive
                                                               remuneration;
                        – Assesses Company
                          performance and                    – The extent of the Senior
                          determines variable                  Executive achievement
                          reward outcomes for                  against performance
                          Senior Executives.                   hurdles; and
                                                             – Executive variable
                                                               incentive plans.



                        CONSULT           REMUNERATION ADVISORS
                        SHARE-
                        HOLDERS           The Committee may appoint and engage independent advisors directly
                        AND PROXY         in relation to remuneration matters. Advice is used to assist the Board
                        ADVISORS          with decisions made through the Board and Committee process.
                                          The Board is satisfied that any advice provided by Godfrey Remuneration
                                          Group (GRG) was made free from undue influence from any KMP in FY22.




                    70 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    The Committee Charter sets out the Committee’s roles, responsibilities, composition, structure and
                    membership requirements. The Committee is independent of Management when making decisions
                    affecting employee remuneration. Where appropriate, the Chief Executive O ff icer, Chief Operating
                    O ff icer, Chief Financial O ff icer and Chief People and Culture O ff icer attend Committee meetings as
                    invitees, however, they do not participate in formal decision‑making or in discussions relating to
                    their own remuneration.
                    All per formance is assessed by the Board with reference to Company risk management policies.
                    The Board retains the ultimate discretion to adjust remuneration outcomes and/or unvested variable
                    rewards (including to zero). This applies to equity granted under the LTE, deferred STVR and LTVR
                    plans if information comes to light that all or part of the award was not justif ied.

                    4.3 BOARD POLICY FOR SETTING REMUNERATION
                    During FY22 the remuneration framework for Executive KMP was made up of four components: Fixed
                    Remuneration (includes superannuation or any salary sacrif ice), Fixed LTE, ‘at‑risk’ STVR and ‘at‑risk’
                    LTVR. The aggregate of Salary, Superannuation and LTE (Total Fixed Remuneration) seeks to position
                    KMP remuneration at or around median of the market comparator set, with more weighting towards
                    ‘at‑risk’ STVR and ‘at‑risk’ LTVR to support decision making and per formance aligned to Shareholders’
                    long‑term interests.

                    a. Total Fixed Remuneration
                    When setting remuneration for Executive KMP, the Committee references comparator sets relevant
                    to the market sector on the basis of the market capitalisation in the context of the individual’s role
                    and per formance. Benchmark groups are designed to be based on 20 companies from the same
                    market sector, within a range of 50% to 200% of the market value of the Company at the time, and
                    evenly balanced to ensure measures of central tendency are highly relevant. Total Fixed Remuneration
                    comprises base Salary plus any other f ixed elements such as superannuation, LTE, allowances,
                    benef its and fringe benef its tax. Total Fixed Remuneration (including LTE) is intended to be positioned
                    at or around P50 of market benchmarks for comparably designed roles, subject to a range of
                    +/‑ 20% compared to the policy midpoint, to reflect individual/incumbent factors such as experience,
                    qualif ications and per formance.




                                                                                                                               71
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Three comparator sets were reviewed for Senior Executives as follows:

                    TABLE 8 — FY22 COMPARATOR SETS

                                                               ASX MARKET CAPITALISATION
                        ASX INDUSTRY COMPARATOR GROUP          COMPARATOR GROUP                       US MARKET COMPARATOR SET

                        HUM Humm Group Ltd                     EML EML Payments Ltd                   CSGS CGS Systems Intl Inc
                        MNY Money3 Corp Ltd                    MP1 Megaport Ltd                       CNDT Condulent Inc
                        OCL Objective Corp Ltd                 IFL IOOF Holdings Ltd                  SYKE Sykes Enterprises Inc
                                                               (prior to change of control)
                        CCP Credit Corp Group Ltd                                                     UIS Unisys Corp
                                                               PDL Pendal Group Ltd
                        EML EML Payments Ltd                                                          CATM Cardtronics PLC
                                                               LNK Link Administration Holdings Ltd
                        LNK Link Administration Holdings Ltd                                          ZUO Zuora Inc
                                                               NHF NIB Holdings Ltd
                        TNE Technology One Ltd                                                        PING Ping Identity Holding Corp
                                                               TNE Technology One Ltd
                        CGF Challenger Ltd                                                            PRO Pros Holdings Inc
                                                               CGF Challenger Ltd
                        AMP AMP Ltd                                                                   ROOT Root Inc/OH
                                                               AMP AMP Ltd
                        ALU Altium Ltd                                                                FRME First Merchants Corp
                                                               ALU Altium Ltd
                        NXT NextDC Ltd                                                                VG Vonage Holdings Corp
                                                               ALQ ALS Ltd
                        BEN Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Ltd                                             KNSL Kinsale Capital Group Inc
                                                               NXT NextDC Ltd
                        BOQ Bank of Queensland Ltd                                                    LPSN Liveperson Inc
                                                               BEN Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Ltd
                        MPL Medibank Private Ltd                                                      MSP Datto Holding Corp
                                                               QUB Qube Holdings Ltd
                        CPU Computershare Ltd                                                         APPF Appfolio Inc
                                                               BOQ Bank of Queensland Ltd
                        MFG Magellan Financial Group Ltd                                              WK Workiva Inc
                                                               ALX Atlas Arteria Ltd
                        WTC WiseTech Global Ltd                                                       ALTR Altair Engineering Inc
                                                               SVW Seven Group Holdings Ltd
                        SEK Seek Ltd                                                                  AYX Alteryx Inc
                                                               MPL Medibank Private Ltd
                        IAG Insurance Australia Group Ltd                                             QTWO Q2 Holdings
                                                               CPU Computershare Ltd
                        APT Af terpay Ltd                                                             BL Blackline Inc
                        (prior to change of control)           MFG Magellan Financial Group Ltd

                    While all comparator groups are used as reference points to gain insights into market practices,
                    the primary comparator group for benchmarking purposes is the ASX Market Capitalisation
                    Comparator Group.
                    The Company recognises the need to deliver on business strategy and to compete for top talent in
                    a competitive market. Accordingly, the Company considers the following factors in setting executive
                    remuneration packages:
                    –      Australia and US comparators with whom Zip must compete for talent;
                    –      ASX listed f inancial and technology sector comparator sets at comparable market capitalisation;
                    –      The Executive’s contribution to the delivery of key strategic goals; and
                    –      The Executive’s contribution to long‑term Revenue and Cash EBTDA outcomes.
                    The Committee sets the remuneration mix and quantum taking into account the above factors,
                    and considering market conditions and sentiment, the trajectory of the Company’s growth, strategic
                    objectives, competency and the skill sets of individuals, scarcity of talent, changes in role complexities
                    and the geographical spread of the Company.




                    72 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    b. Variable Remuneration & Total Remuneration Package
                    Total Remuneration Package (TRP) is intended to be composed of an appropriate mix of remuneration
                    elements including Fixed Remuneration, Long‑Term Equity, STVR and LTVR.
                    The Target TRP (TTRP, being the TRP value at Target per formance) is generally intended to fall around
                    the P62.5 of market benchmarks, subject to smoothing for volatility across role samples at the same
                    level. The Board views P62.5 market positioning as an indicator of actual P50 TTRP opportunities in the
                    market due to AASB2 accounting treatments. As a result, total package market data P50 benchmark
                    values are lower than actual P50 opportunities offered to incumbents in the market. This has been
                    established by research conducted by the Board’s appointed independent external Remuneration
                    Consultant. The Board has selected P62.5 as the intended TTRP market position to adjust for the
                    impact of nil and negative reported variable remuneration on statistical benchmarks.
                    The gap between P50 Fixed Remuneration and P62.5 Target TRP is composed of variable remuneration
                    in the form of ‘at‑risk’ short and long‑term incentives designed to drive per formance and value
                    creation for shareholders.

                    4.4 FIXED REMUNERATION
                    TABLE 9 — FIXED PAY ‒ SALARY AND SUPERANNUATION

                        Purpose           Attract and retain Executives, considering the size and complexity of the role,
                                          individual responsibilities, experience and skills.
                        Delivery          Fixed remuneration comprises cash salary, salary sacrif ice items (where applicable)
                                          and superannuation contributions (or global equivalents).
                        Participants      All Executives.
                        Target            Highly competent, experienced and able Executives will be positioned at or around
                                          the median of the market benchmark, however, there will be flexibility to move up
                                          to the 75th percentile for exceptional recruits into key high‑demand roles.
                        Approach          Our f ixed remuneration is positioned moderately having regard to the role, global
                                          responsibilities, criticality, complexity, skills, experience, per formance and comparable
                                          companies with whom Zip competes for talent. An annual review process makes
                                          adjustments to f ixed remuneration for changes in role or promotion, internal equity
                                          and signif icant market changes. Any increases to KMP remuneration requires
                                          Remuneration, People and Culture Committee endorsement and Board approval.

                    External benchmarking undertaken in July 2021 found that the f ixed remuneration for the Executive
                    KMP as positioned moderately against the market comparator sets. As a result, moderate increases
                    were made at the beginning of the year to bring the Executive KMP closer in line with the market as
                    outlined in the Table below:

                    TABLE 10 — FIXED PAY CHANGES DURING FY22

                                                                                     FIXED REMUNERATION FIXED REMUNERATION
                                                                                              AT THE END         AT THE END         CHANGE
                        ROLE                                 EXECUTIVE                           OF FY21            OF FY22              %

                        Managing Director and
                                                             Larry Diamond                    $520,000              $535,600           3%
                        Chief Executive O ff icer

                        Executive Director and
                                                             Peter Gray                       $500,000              $515,000           3%
                        Chief Operation O ff icer

                        Chief Financial O ff icer            Martin Brooke                    $400,000              $440,000          10%

                    Note these increases do not include the equity component of Total Fixed Remuneration (i.e. Long‑Term Equity).



                                                                                                                                         73
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    In the second half of FY22, and as a result of the declines in market capitalisation, the Committee
                    reviewed Executive and Director remuneration against that of ASX listed companies within a market
                    capitalisation range of $500 million to $1 billion to sense check the decisions made based on the
                    full benchmarking exercise in July 2021. The Board found that the Fixed Salary and STVR Plans were
                    fair and not excessive, with the CEO well below the median and COO and CFO above the median.
                    Further, the LTVR Plan award opportunity has been reduced from FY23.

                    4.5 FY22 LONG‑TERM EQUITY (LTE) GRANTS
                    TABLE 11 — FIXED REMUNERATION: LTE

                        Context        When the LTE grants were proposed and approved by Shareholders (for Executive
                                       Directors) at the 2021 AGM, benchmarks against a larger market capitalisation
                                       comparator set positioned the LTE grants as compensating for a conservative
                                       position on Fixed Base.
                                       With the for feiting of the STVR by the CEO and COO, and the LTVR grant not vesting
                                       with respect to per formance during FY22, the Board considers the Total Remuneration
                                       Package as fair.
                        Purpose        The LTE plan is designed to compensate Executives for a moderate positioning of
                                       Fixed Salary Remuneration and is designed to bring Total Fixed Remuneration closer
                                       in line with the global market. The LTE provides the Company with the best opportunity
                                       to retain senior leaders and attract high quality talent particularly in the US where
                                       LTEs are common.
                        Delivery       The LTE rewards retention and is based upon service rather than per formance
                                       which is covered in the STVR and LTVR. The rights vest in equal tranches over 4 years
                                       (i.e. 25% per year). There are no disposal restrictions by participants upon the shares
                                       Executives receive upon vesting of the Rights other than trading in adherence of the
                                       Zip Securities Trading Policy.
                        Participants   Executive KMP and Senior Executives with high demand skills, especially in the US.
                        Instrument     Awards are made under the Zip Employee Incentive Plan and are made in the form
                                       of Rights with a nil exercise price, which upon vesting confer the entitlement to one
                                       ordinary share in Zip Co Limited (or the cash equivalent value at the discretion of
                                       the Board).
                        Allocation     Rights are granted on a face value basis by dividing the participant’s LTE dollar value
                                       opportunity in AUD by the 30‑day (Volume Weighted Average Price) VWAP of Zip Co
                        Method
                                       Limited shares traded in the period immediately leading up to the release of the Zip
                                       results immediately preceding the grant date. For the Executive KMP, the half year
                                       results are used to determine the grant value with the Rights issued in March.
                        Approach       The LTE is granted annual as Rights to participants, which vest conditional on tenure.
                                       The participant’s Rights vest based upon ongoing employment unless death or
                                       permanent disability where the Board reserves the discretion to pro‑rata the award
                                       in line with service. Parental and sick leave is included in the tenure period of the LTE.
                                       Where there are any discrepancies on the offer, the plan rules will prevail.
                        Opportunity    Executive KMP have the opportunity to be awarded 50% of base salary vesting
                                       over 4 years.
                        Board          As part of its overarching discretion, the Board may reduce the f inal vesting of
                        Discretion     LTE awards having regard to affordability considerations and the Group’s f inancial
                                       per formance over the period.




                    74 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        Malus           Amongst other things, the Board may elect to for feit any unvested awards (i.e. malus)
                                        or recoup any vested and paid awards (i.e. clawback) in the following circumstances:
                                        – a participant has engaged in serious misconduct (including but not limited to
                                          fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence or a breach of employment conditions);

                                        – a material misstatement in, or omission from the Group’s f inancial statements
                                          or a misstatement of an applicable vesting condition;
                                        – a participant has acted or failed to act in a way that has contributed to material
                                          reputational damage to the Group; or
                                        – in the opinion of the Board, acting in good faith, all or part of the initial LTE grant
                                          is no longer justif ied having regard to the circumstances or information which
                                          has subsequently come to light.
                        Cessation of    If the participant ceases employment then all their unvested rights automatically
                                        lapse unless the Board determines otherwise. In the case of death or permanent
                        Employment
                                        disability, the Board reserves the discretion to pro‑rata the award in line with service.
                        Change of       In the event of a Change of Control, the Board has the discretion to determine the
                        Control         treatment of all unvested rights.

                    Grants were made to the Executive KMP under the LTE plan on 8 March 2022. The grants for the
                    two Executive Directors, the CEO and COO, were approved by Shareholders at the AGM held on
                    4 November 2021. The f irst eligible vesting date will be in March 2023. The Table below outlines
                    the LTE grants and vesting dates which are subject to continued individual per formance and
                    ongoing employment.

                    TABLE 12 — LTE GRANTED IN FY22

                                                                                    MAXIMUM
                                                                                OPPORTUNITY           NUMBER
                                                                               AS A % OF BASE       OF RIGHTS
                        EXECUTIVE                            LTE OPPORTUNITY          SALARY         GRANTED            VESTING DATES

                                                                                                      22,034          8 March 2023

                        Larry Diamond                                                                 22,033          8 March 2024
                                                                  $256,016              50%
                        Executive Director and CEO                                                    22,033          8 March 2025

                                                                                                      22,033          8 March 2026

                                                                                                       21,146         8 March 2023

                        Peter Gray                                                                     21,147         8 March 2024
                                                                   $245,716             50%
                        Executive Director and COO                                                     21,147         8 March 2025

                                                                                                       21,147         8 March 2026

                                                                                                       17,919         8 March 2023

                        Martin Brooke                                                                  17,919         8 March 2024
                                                                  $208,216              50%
                        CFO                                                                            17,920         8 March 2025

                                                                                                       17,920         8 March 2026




                                                                                                                                    75
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    4.6 FY22 SHORT‑TERM VARIABLE REWARD PLAN
                    TABLE 13 — FY22 STVR KEY TERMS

                        Purpose        – Rewards f inancial and non‑f inancial per formance consistent with Zip Co’s strategy
                                         over the short‑term.
                                       – Varies the remuneration outcomes in line with the Company’s annual per formance
                                         with a balanced focus on f inancial, customer and people measures.
                        Participants   All permanent Zip employees are eligible to participate in the STVR plan.
                        Award          – Executive KMPs have the opportunity to be awarded 25% of Base Salary at Target
                        Opportunity      per formance and 50% at Maximum per formance.
                                       – For Executive KMP, the STVR award is based entirely on the Group per formance.
                        FY22           – The per formance period is Zip’s f inancial year.
                        Per formance
                                       – For FY22, the STVR per formance was based upon a balanced scorecard aligned
                        Measures
                                         to key strategies with the following measures:
                                         – Financial ‒ TTV (30%) and Net Transaction Margin (30%);
                                         – Customer ‒ Consumer Accounts (15%) and Consumer NPS (15%); and
                                         – People ‒ Employee Engagement (10%).
                                       – These per formance measures were chosen to best reflect f inancial and
                                         non‑f inancial per formance aligned to Zip’s high‑growth global strategy over
                                         the short‑term.
                                       – Executive Directors determined the Budget, which became the STVR Target,
                                         and the Stretch goals, which became the STVR Maximum. The per formance
                                         measure and hurdles were reviewed and approved by the Board.
                        Assessment     – Per formance measures for the STVR balanced scorecard features Target
                        of               (Budget) and Maximum (Stretch) per formance hurdles as follows:
                        Per formance
                                         – Financial: Total Transaction Volumes, Cash Net Transaction Margin: Target
                                           is the approved Budget and the Maximum is the approved Stretch goal;
                                         – Customer: Consumer Accounts and Consumer NPS: Target is the approved
                                           Budget and the Maximum is the approved Stretch goal; and
                                         – People: Employee Engagement Score: Target and Maximum are set based
                                           on comparable high‑per formance organisations and prior year per formance.
                                       – The following payout scale applies for the STVR:
                                         – Below Target per formance standard, no STVR will be awarded;
                                         – At Target per formance, 50% of the maximum will be awarded;
                                         – Above Target and below Maximum per formance, a pro‑rata STVR will be
                                           awarded; and
                                         – At or above Maximum per formance standard, the full STVR will be awarded.




                    76 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        Delivery       – For the Executive KMP, 100% of STVR is awarded in Ordinary Shares. 50% of any
                                         award can be traded immediately with the remaining 50% subject to a one‑year
                                         restriction period. All deferred STVR awards are subject to the Board discretion
                                         and malus and clawback provisions. Deferred shares have rights to any dividends
                                         declared during the deferred period.
                                       – The number of Shares are calculated on a face value basis by dividing the
                                         participants assessed STVR dollar value in AUD by the 30‑day VWAP of Zip Co
                                         Limited shares traded in the period immediately leading up to the release of
                                         the Zip annual results. All trading is subject to Zip Securities Trading Policy.
                        Cessation of   – If an Executive leaves during the per formance period, then they will for feit their
                        Employment       entitlement to an award unless the Board determines otherwise. If an Executive
                                         leaves during the deferral period, then they will retain their shares subject to malus
                                         and clawback provisions.
                        Change of      – Where a transaction or event is proposed that, in the opinion of the Board, may
                        Control          result in a person becoming entitled to control Zip Co Limited, the Board retains
                                         the discretion (to be exercised consistently with the ASX Listing Rules) to determine
                                         that a particular treatment will apply to all shares.
                        Board          – The Board retains absolute discretion in respect of STVR awards and f inal
                        Discretion       outcomes. As part of its overarching discretion, the Board may reduce f inal STVR
                                         awards having regard to affordability considerations and the Group’s f inancial
                                         per formance over the period.
                                       – In addition to this overarching discretion, f inal STVR outcomes will be subject to a
                                         Board discretion modif ier for “doing the right thing” whereby the Board may make
                                         downward adjustments (including to zero) for regulatory issues, conduct issues,
                                         brand and reputational issues, and non‑f inancial and f inancial risk issues.
                        Malus          Amongst other things, the Board may elect to for feit any unvested awards (i.e. malus)
                                       or recoup any vested and paid awards (i.e. clawback) in the following circumstances:
                                       – a participant has engaged in serious misconduct (including but not limited to
                                         fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence or a breach of employment conditions);

                                       – a material misstatement in, or omission from the Group’s f inancial statements
                                         or a misstatement of an applicable vesting condition;
                                       – a participant has acted or failed to act in a way that has contributed to material
                                         reputational damage to the Group; or
                                       – in the opinion of the Board, acting in good faith, all or part of the initial STVR award
                                         is no longer justif ied having regard to the circumstances or information which has
                                         subsequently come to light.




                                                                                                                                    77
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    4.7 FY22 LONG‑TERM VARIABLE REWARD PLAN
                    TABLE 14 — FY22 LTVR PLAN KEY TERMS

                        Purpose        The LTVR aligns Executive accountability and remuneration outcomes with the delivery
                                       of sustained group per formance and shareholder interests over the long‑term.
                                       The plan is designed to vary remuneration outcomes in line with the extent of
                                       longer‑term (three‑year) per formance achievement focused on shareholder returns.
                        Participants   All Executive KMPs and selected Senior Executives.
                        Award          For FY22, the CEO and COO have the opportunity to be awarded 75% of Base
                                       Salary at Target per formance and 150% at Maximum per formance. The CFO has the
                        Opportunity
                                       opportunity to be awarded 50% of Base Salary at Target per formance and 100% at
                                       Maximum per formance.
                                       For FY23, the LTVR award opportunity will be reduced. Executive KMP will have the
                                       opportunity to be awarded 25% of Base Salary at Target per formance and 50% at
                                       Maximum per formance.
                        Delivery       Awards are made under the Zip Employee Incentive Plan and are made in the form
                                       of Per formance Rights (Rights) with a nil exercise price which entitle the holder to
                                       one share in Zip upon vesting (or cash equivalent at the discretion of the Board).
                        Per formance   The initial plan was a 3 year upfront offer with the Rights vesting in equal tranches
                        Period         af ter 3, 4 and 5 years from the issue date. Af ter the initial 3 year plan there was a
                                       change towards annual issuance.
                                       From FY22, any LTVR will be an annual issuance.
                                       The measurement period for assessing Total Shareholder Return (TSR) per formance
                                       is aligned with the release of results to ensure that the share price, upon which the
                                       TSR is determined, at the start and end of the per formance period reflects an
                                       informed market.
                        Vesting        A participant must remain employed for the rights to vest (subject to good leaver
                        Conditions     treatment outlined below). Where there are any discrepancies on the offer, the plan
                                       rules will prevail.
                                       For the allocation made in FY22, the Rights were subject to a per formance hurdle
                                       of absolute Total Shareholder Return (outlined below in FY22 Per formance Hurdle).
                                       TSR measures the return (including dividends if applicable) that a shareholder
                                       would obtain from holding a Company’s securities.
                                       From FY23, the Board has elected to change the per formance hurdle for the LTVR
                                       moving from an absolute to relative TSR per formance hurdle against the ASX 300
                                       Accumulated Index (outlined in Section 3.5 of this Report).
                        FY22           – Per formance standards for the FY22 LTVR were:
                        Per formance
                                         – Target is annual TSR growth of 15%.
                        Hurdle
                                         – Maximum is annual TSR growth of 20%.
                                       – Based upon the above the following vesting scale applies:
                                         – Below Target per formance standard, no LTVR will vest;
                                         – At Target, 50% of the Maximum LTVR will vest;
                                         – Above Target and below Maximum per formance, the LTVR will vest on a pro‑rata
                                           basis; and
                                       – At or above Maximum per formance standard, the full LTVR will vest.




                    78 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        FY22           The absolute TSR per formance measure was selected as it directly aligns the award
                        Per formance   opportunity with shareholders’ long‑term interests. The Committee regards the
                        Hurdle         application of a TSR per formance measure to be the most effective model of aligning
                        (continued)    long‑term executive per formance with shareholder value outcomes. From FY23, the
                                       per formance measure will shif t to an indexed TSR per formance measure as detailed
                                       in Section 3.5 of this Report.
                        Retesting      For grants made prior to FY22 any unvested Per formance Rights at the f irst two
                                       testing points were carried forward and if the TSR hurdle at the f inal testing point was
                                       achieved, 100% of all the Per formance Rights initially granted would vest. Importantly,
                                       from FY22 this retesting clause has been removed and any rights that do not vest at
                                       the testing point will lapse.
                        Malus          Amongst other things, the Board may elect to for feit any unvested awards (i.e. malus)
                                       or recoup any vested and paid awards (i.e. clawback) in the following circumstances:
                                       – a participant has engaged in serious misconduct (including but not limited to
                                         fraud, dishonesty, gross negligence or a breach of employment conditions);

                                       – a material misstatement in, or omission from the Group’s f inancial statements
                                         or a misstatement of an applicable vesting condition;
                                       – a participant has acted or failed to act in a way that has contributed to material
                                         reputational damage to the Group; or
                                       – in the opinion of the Board, acting in good faith, all or part of the initial per formance
                                         rights award is no longer justified having regard to the circumstances or information
                                         which has subsequently come to light.
                        Cessation of   Subject to Board discretion, if a participant ceases to be employed:
                        Employment
                                       – In “bad leaver” circumstances (e.g. termination for cause) during the per formance
                                         period, all of the unvested LTVR rights will lapse (unless the Board determines
                                         otherwise); and
                                       – In “good leaver” circumstances (i.e. other than a bad leaver), the treatment of
                                         unvested LTVR rights will be at the discretion of the Board (subject to applicable
                                         laws). The Board’s intention is that the LTVR rights will be pro‑rated to time served
                                         in employment and lef t to be tested and vest in the ordinary course.
                        Change of      Where a transaction or event is proposed that, in the opinion of the Board, may
                        Control        result in a person becoming entitled to control Zip Co Limited, the Board retains the
                                       discretion (to be exercised consistently with the ASX Listing Rules) to determine that
                                       a particular treatment will apply to the LTVR Plan including that all unvested rights
                                       will lapse.




                                                                                                                                  79
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Grants were made to the Executive KMP under the LTVR Plan on 30 November 2021. The grants for
                    the two Executive Directors were approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 4 November 2021.
                    The Total Shareholder Return per formance hurdle will be assessed in September 2024.

                    TABLE 15 — LTVR GRANTED IN FY22

                                                                           MAXIMUM LTVR
                                                                    LTVR    OPPORTUNITY        NUMBER
                                                             OPPORTUNITY   AS A % OF BASE    OF RIGHTS          VESTING
                        EXECUTIVE                                      $          SALARY      GRANTED            DATES

                        Larry Diamond
                                                              $768,048             150%       105,504     14 September 2024
                        Executive Director and CEO
                        Peter Gray
                                                               $737,148            150%       101,260     14 September 2024
                        Executive Director and COO
                        Martin Brooke
                                                               $416,432            100%        57,204     14 September 2024
                        CFO


                    4.8 FY22 NON‑EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (NED) REMUNERATION
                    a. NED Remuneration Policy
                    The remuneration policy for NEDs seeks to deliver market competitive fees at the median of the
                    comparator set to attract and retain talented, qualif ied directors, preserve independence, and align
                    director and shareholder interests. The Board policy is to remunerate NEDs at market rates for
                    comparable companies for time, commitment and responsibilities. Director fees are set with reference
                    to relevant market benchmarks in the f inancial services, consumer, payments and technology sectors.
                    The Board determines payments to the NEDs and reviews their remuneration annually, based on market
                    practice, duties and accountability and consists of base fees and additional fees for membership
                    and/or chairing of the Audit and Risk, and Remuneration, People and Culture Committee. No additional
                    fees are paid for membership of the Nomination Committee.

                    Once appointed all NEDs enter into a service agreement with the Company in the form of a letter of
                    appointment. The letter summarises the Board policies and terms, including compensation relevant
                    to the off ice of the Director. All current NEDs carry an initial contract duration of three years (subject
                    to re‑election by shareholders). The employment contracts for the NEDs do not carry notice period
                    provisions, nor do they provide for any termination benef its. All Directors must retire from off ice at the
                    third annual general meeting af ter the Director was last elected and will then be eligible for re‑election.

                    b. Board Composition
                    The Zip Board had f ive Directors, three independent NEDs and two Executive Directors (being the CEO
                    and COO), up until 22 June 2022, when one NED resigned. A third independent NED, Meredith Scott,
                    was appointed to the Board on 1 September 2022.
                    As compared with the comparator set, the size of the Board was considered small for FY22.
                    During FY22, the Board intended to appoint at least one incremental independent NED, based in the
                    US, given the importance of the US market. This search for a US‑based NED was put on hold during
                    the consideration and negotiation of the Sezzle purchase agreement, which stipulated two Sezzle
                    appointed Board positions. Now that the Sezzle purchase agreement has been mutually terminated,
                    the Board intends to add at least one US‑based NED in FY23.
                    The Board will continue to review the collective skills, knowledge, experience and diversity required to
                    support its ongoing per formance and governance duties, with a view to identif ying skills, capacity and
                    global market knowledge to support Zip’s continued growth, global expansion and long‑term success.




                    80 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    c. NED Fees
                    In order to maintain independence and impartiality, NEDs do not receive per formance‑related
                    remuneration such as share options or rights with a per formance condition.
                    The Table below sets out the FY22 Board and Committee fee structure (all fees are inclusive
                    of superannuation):

                    TABLE 16 — FY22 NED FEES

                                                                                                                                      DIRECTOR/
                        ROLE                                                                                    CHAIR FEE1           MEMBER FEE

                        Main Board                                                                            $300,0002               $150,000
                        Audit and Risk Committee                                                                 $25,000                $12,500
                        Remuneration, People and Culture Committee                                               $12,500                $12,500

                    1. The Board chair does not receive additional fees for serving on Committees.
                    2. The Board chair fee was increased to $300,000 during the f inancial year in line with the comparator set early in FY22.

                    NEDs do not receive fees for serving on the Nomination Committee.
                    NEDs are entitled to be reimbursed for all reasonable business‑related expenses in addition to Board
                    fees, as may be reasonably incurred in the discharge of their duties.

                    As outlined in Section 3.5 of this Report, NEDs have elected to voluntarily reduce Board fees and will
                    seek approval from Shareholders to establish a modest NED Equity Plan.

                    d. Proposed Grant of Restricted Rights to NEDs for FY23
                    NEDs have elected to voluntarily reduce the Directors’ fees from 1st July 2023 to be partially facilitated
                    by a modest NED Equity Plan for Restrictive Rights.
                    The Company has established the NED Equity Plan to assist in the motivation, retention and reward of
                    NEDs of the Company and providing an opportunity for the Directors to acquire shareholdings in the
                    Company through the sacrif ice of fees into equity. In line with ASX Listing Rule 10.14, the Company is
                    required to obtain shareholder approval before granting any Securities to the NEDs.
                    In designing the Plan, the Directors have ensured that the incentives for NEDs do not conflict with
                    their obligations to bring independent judgement to their roles. Consistent with Principle 8 of the ASX
                    Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, the grants
                    of Securities will better align the interests of the NEDs with the interests of Shareholders. In accordance
                    with these governance recommendations, the Securities are not subject to per formance‑based vesting
                    conditions or vesting conditions of any kind.
                    The proposed issue of Restricted Rights to NEDs is subject to Shareholder approval. If the resolution is
                    not passed, the Company will not be able to proceed with the grant of Restricted Rights and the whole
                    of the Director fee payable will be paid in cash. If the resolution is passed but the NEDs do not accept
                    the invitation to participate in the grant, the Company will not issue the Restricted Rights and the NEDs
                    will not be entitled to be paid the relevant Directors Fees as cash.




                                                                                                                                                 81
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    The NED Equity Plan to grant Restricted Rights is outlined below:

                    TABLE 17 ‒ PROPOSED FY23 NED EQUITY PLAN

                        ASPECT          DETAILS

                        Purpose         The purpose of the Zip NED Equity Plan (ZIPNEP) is to facilitate long‑term holding of
                                        equity interests and assist NEDs in reaching the minimum shareholding requirement.
                                        Providing a portion of NED Fees in equity also creates “skin in the game” alignment
                                        between NEDs and Shareholders.
                        Instrument      Each NED will be invited to apply for Restricted Rights under the ZIPNEP, with a nil
                                        exercise price. Restricted Rights have been selected so as not to compromise
                                        NED’s independence.
                        Opportunity     The grant is calculated to deliver a value of $40,000 to the Chair and $20,000 to each
                                        NED annually as part of their Main Board Fee.
                        Allocation      – It is proposed that Diane Smith‑Gander AO, John Batistich and Meredith Scott will
                        Method            be invited to apply for the number of Restricted Rights, calculated as follows:
                                          – Number of Restricted Rights = Cash Fee Sacrif ice $ ÷ Right Value; and
                                          – Where the Right Value is the Black Scholes valuation using the 30‑day volume
                                            weighted average price (VWAP) following the release of FY22 f inancial results.
                        Term            Each Right has a Term ending 15 years af ter the grant date, and if not exercised
                                        before the end of the Term the Restricted Rights will lapse.
                        Vesting         In order to ensure NED independence is not compromised, and to recognise that the
                        Conditions      instruments are an alternative to cash remuneration, the Rights are not subject to
                        & Exercise      any vesting conditions. Rights may not be exercised within 90 days of the Grant Date.
                        Conditions
                        Dealing &       Rights may not be sold, trans ferred, mortgaged, charged or otherwise dealt with
                        Disposal        or encumbered, except by force of law.
                        Restrictions
                                        Shares acquired from the exercise of vested Rights will be subject to disposal
                                        restrictions due to:
                                        – The Company’s securities trading policy;
                                        – The insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act;
                                        – 12‑month‑on‑sale restrictions under the Corporations Act; and
                                        – Specif ied Disposal Restrictions included in the Invitation.
                                        Zip will ensure that such restrictions are enforced due to the presence of CHESS
                                        holding locks or alternatively by any trustee of an Employee Share Trust that may
                                        be engaged in connection with the Plan.
                        Corporate       In the event of a change of control or delisting, Exercise Restrictions will cease
                        Actions         on the date determined by the Board.


                    e. NEDs Shareholding Policy
                    A minimum shareholding policy exists. This requirement is designed to facilitate share ownership and
                    further strengthen the alignment between Directors and the Group’s shareholders. NEDs will be required
                    to build a shareholding with a monetary value (at cost) equal to 1x the base director fee within a
                    three‑year timeframe being the later of:
                    –      Three years from the effective date of the policy in October 2021; or
                    –      Three years from date of commencement as a NED for those appointed af ter October 2021.



                    82 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    f. Aggregate Fee Pool

                    Non‑Executive Director fees are determined within an aggregate fee pool limit. The current fee pool
                    is $1,500,000 (inclusive of superannuation) and was approved by shareholders at the AGM held on
                    4 November 2021. The fee pool is designed to provide flexibility to the Board when there are changes
                    in its size and composition.


                    5. THE LINK BETWEEN PERFORMANCE AND REWARD IN FY22
                    5.1 FY22 STVR OUTCOMES
                    For FY22, a Target and Maximum per formance hurdle was approved by the Board for each measure
                    in the balanced scorecard. The policy allows for a Target and Maximum pay‑out. Meeting the Maximum
                    per formance hurdle will earn 100% of the award whilst meeting the Target per formance hurdle will
                    attract at 50% award outcome. Any result above the Target, but below the Maximum, will be rewarded
                    on a pro‑rata basis. Any result below the Target will not qualif y for any reward on that per formance
                    measure. The Table below shows the outcome against the FY22 scorecard measures:

                    TABLE 18 — EXECUTIVE KMP STVR OUTCOMES FOR FY22

                    Amounts awarded were as follows:

                                                                                                                      PERFORM
                        STRATEGIC                                                                                      -ANCE AWARD
                        ALIGNMENT   MEASURE       WEIGHTING   VESTING OUTCOME                                            %     %

                        Financial   Total           30%                           Target              Maximum          0%     0%
                                    Transaction
                                    Volume
                                                                          49%
                                    (TTV)
                                                               0%                  50%                 100%


                                                              Total Transaction Volume was selected to measure
                                                              global growth in the transaction value using the
                                                              Company’s products. TTV grew to $8.74 billion in
                                                              FY22 (+51%). The Target hurdle for FY22 represented
                                                              a 54% increase on FY21 actuals at $8.9 billion.
                                                              The Target hurdle was not achieved for FY22
                                                              with no award outcome.
                                    Cash Net        30%                           Target              Maximum          0%     0%
                                    Transaction
                                    Margin
                                                                          48%
                                    (NTM)
                                                               0%                  50%                 100%


                                                              Cash Net Transaction Margin was selected to measure
                                                              unit economics in the context of rapid global growth.
                                                              Cash NTM declined from 3.1% in FY21 to 2.3% in FY22.
                                                              The Target hurdle for FY22 represented a 0.7% point
                                                              decrease on FY21 actuals (reflecting the Company’s
                                                              expected higher credit losses with global expansion
                                                              including the US). The Target hurdle at was not
                                                              achieved for FY22 with no award outcome.




                                                                                                                                83
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     PERFORM
                        STRATEGIC                                                                                     -ANCE AWARD
                        ALIGNMENT   MEASURE       WEIGHTING   VESTING OUTCOME                                           %     %

                        Customer    Customer        15%                                   Target       Maximum       68.9% 10.3%
                                    Accounts
                                                                                  68.9%

                                                               0%                          50%           100%


                                                              Customer Accounts was selected to measure the
                                                              global growth in customer acquisition. Customer
                                                              Accounts grew to 11.44 million in FY22 (+56% vs FY21
                                                              actuals). The Target hurdle represented a 44%
                                                              increase in customer accounts on FY21 actuals.
                                                              The Target hurdle, but not Maximum hurdle, was
                                                              achieved so the award outcome on this measure
                                                              is 68.9% for FY22.
                                    Customer        15%                                   Target       Maximum        55%   8.3%
                                    Net
                                    Promoter
                                                                            55%
                                    Score (NPS)
                                    (Australia
                                                               0%                          50%          100%
                                    and USA)
                                                              Customer Net Promoter Score was selected
                                                              to measure customer satis faction and willingness
                                                              to recommend the Company’s products. The Target
                                                              hurdle was achieved but the stretch Maximum hurdle
                                                              was not. The award outcome on this measure is
                                                              55% for FY22.
                        People      Employee        10%                                   Target       Maximum       100%   10%
                                    Engagement
                                    (Global)
                                                                                          100%

                                                               0%                          50%          100%


                                                              Employee Engagement was selected to reflect
                                                              employee satis faction and willingness to apply
                                                              discretionary effort to drive per formance.
                                                              The award outcome on this measure is 100%
                                                              for FY22, having reached the Maximum.

                        STVR Outcome for FY22                                                                               28.6%




                    84 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    In line with shareholders’ experience, the CEO and COO have elected to for feit their participation in the
                    STVR Plan for FY22 which has been accepted by the Board. The only Executive KMP participant in the
                    STVR Plan for FY22 is the CFO. Based upon the review of per formance against the per formance hurdles,
                    the STVR outcome for the CFO is 28.6% of the Maximum per formance hurdle. Shares to be granted to
                    the CFO under the STVR Plan for the f inancial year to 30 June 2022 will total $59,550 as outlined in
                    the Table below:

                    TABLE 19 — STVR OUTCOMES IN FY22

                                                                           MAXIMUM STVR
                                                                            OPPORTUNITY              % OF                               % OF
                                                         MAXIMUM STVR          AS A % OF     MAXIMUM STVR         VALUE STVR    MAXIMUM STVR
                        EXECUTIVE                        $ OPPORTUNITY      BASE SALARY          AWARDED          AWARDED $        FORFEITED

                        Larry Diamond
                        Executive Director
                        and CEO                              $256,016                50%               0%*               $0            100%
                        Peter Gray
                        Executive Director
                        and COO                              $245,716                50%               0%*               $0            100%
                        Martin Brooke
                        CFO                                  $208,216                50%             28.6%         $59,550             71.4%
                        Total                                                                                      $59,550

                    *    The CEO and COO have chosen to for feit their award for FY22.

                    5.2 FY22 LTVR OUTCOMES
                    The Executive KMP were granted a three‑year upfront LTVR in February 2019. The Starting Point for the
                    program was a share price of 95 cents being the 10‑day VWAP before the release of the 4E for the year
                    to 30 June 2018. The next testing point is the VWAP around the 4E in August 2022 has a per formance
                    hurdle of $1.64 per price.
                    During FY22, the f irst tranche of the LTVR issued in FY19 was eligible to be assessed. Based on the
                    per formance assessment against the absolute TSR hurdles the LTVR vested in full. The Table below sets
                    out the number that vested for each executive in FY22 based upon the FY21 measurement period:

                    TABLE 20 — LTVR VESTED IN FY22 BASED UPON FY21 MEASUREMENT PERIOD

                                                         RIGHTS        MAXIMUM         ACTUAL
                                                        ELIGIBLE   PERFORMANCE    PERFORMANCE      % OF MAXIMUM        RIGHTS         RIGHTS
                        EXECUTIVE                       TO VEST          TARGET       OUTCOME       LTVR VESTED        VESTED      FORFEITED

                        Larry Diamond
                        Executive Director
                        and CEO                       203,333             $1.64            $7.13          100%       203,333              0
                        Peter Gray
                        Executive Director
                        and COO                       203,333             $1.64            $7.13          100%       203,333              0
                        Martin Brooke
                        CFO                            160,000            $1.64            $7.13          100%       160,000              0

                    For the LTVR that is eligible to be assessed in September 2022, Zip’s Total Shareholder Return
                    per formance is below the Target of 15% per annum growth. Therefore, all of the LTVR per formance
                    rights due to vest in September 2022 will not vest and be subject to re‑testing in September 2023.




                                                                                                                                           85
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    5.3 ACHIEVED TOTAL REMUNERATION FOR FY22
                    Variable rewards for Executive KMP declined in FY22 as a result of not achieving key per formance
                    hurdles. The following Table outlines the ‘Achieved’ Total Remuneration (what became payable, awarded
                    or vested for the FY22 measurement period for f ixed and variable remuneration). The f igures in this
                    table differ from the statutory remuneration table, which has been prepared in accordance with the
                    accounting standards and therefore includes accounting values for unvested equity under the LTE and
                    LTVR Plans. This table is designed to show what Executives actually received for per formance in FY22.

                    TABLE 21 ‒ FY22 ACHIEVED TOTAL REMUNERATION

                                                                                                                      VALUE OF
                                                                                                                    LTVR VESTED
                                                                              VALUE                                  FOLLOWING           TOTAL
                                                                             OF FIXED         STVR AWARDED          COMPLETION        REMUNER-
                                                                            LONG‑TERM           FOLLOWING              OF THE             ATION
                                                        FIXED             EQUITY VESTED        COMPLETION          MEASUREMENT         PACKAGE
                                                    REMUNERATION           DURING FY221          OF FY222              PERIOD3            (TRP)

                        KMP       Roles            Amount    % of TRP   Amount   % of TRP   Amount    % of TRP   Amount    % of TRP

                                  Managing
                        Larry
                                  Director $535,600              87% $83,410          13%        $0        0%         $0        0%    $619,010
                        Diamond
                                  and CEO
                                  Executive
                        Peter
                                  Director      $515,000         87% $80,062          13%        $0        0%         $0        0% $595,062
                        Gray
                                  and COO
                                  Chief
                        Martin
                                  Financial     $440,000         78% $63,980          11% $59,550          11%        $0        0% $563,530
                        Brooke
                                  O ff icer

                    1. This is the grant value of the LTE that vested during the reporting period.
                    2. This is the value of the total STVR award calculated following the end of FY22. Larry Diamond and Peter Gray elected
                       to for feit their STVR in FY22.
                    3. This is the grant value of the LTVR that vested a f ter the end of the reporting period.

                    5.4 RISK MANAGEMENT AND CLAWBACK PROVISIONS
                    A sound risk management culture is important to Zip. The Company’s STVR and LTVR Plans have been
                    designed to protect the Company from the risk of unintended or unjustif ied pay outcomes by allowing
                    risk factors to be taken into account over long periods and by way of a variety of measures that are
                    considered key to the Company’s success. For example:
                    –     Basing the STVR on f ive f inancial, consumer and people per formance measures, including
                          Target per formance hurdles before any STVR on a measure is able to be paid (subject also
                          to malus/clawback provisions).
                    –     Deferring a component (50%) of STVR to ensure alignment with shareholder value and
                          compliance with Zip’s codes of conduct and corporate governance.
                    –     Distributing remuneration components across both long and short‑term per formance‑based
                          components to encourage prudent risk‑taking in line with the overall objectives of the Company.
                    While formal shareholding requirements are not imposed for Executive KMP, the CEO and COO have
                    material holdings in Zip shares.
                    Board discretion is applied to the vesting of all STVRs and LTVRs to ensure any proposed awards are
                    aligned with shareholder returns. As noted, the Board also retains the ability to reduce or clawback
                    awards in the event of serious misconduct or a material misstatement in the Company’s
                    f inancial statements.



                    86 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    5.5 USE OF BOARD DISCRETION
                    The Board did not exercise discretion on any outcomes of any award for any KMP in FY22.


                    6. STATUTORY DISCLOSURES
                    6.1 REMUNERATION TABLES
                    Details of the remuneration of KMP of the consolidated entity are set out in the following table which
                    have been prepared in accordance with the accounting standards.

                    TABLE 22 ‒ STATUTORY REMUNERATION TABLE

                                                                                                                 AT RISK
                        FY22 AND FY21 ($)    YEAR                  TOTAL FIXED REMUNERATION                   REMUNERATION           TOTAL

                                                                                                              SHORT       LONG-
                                                                             SUPER-                 LONG-     -TERM        TERM
                                                     SALARY       SALARY     ANNUA-   ANNUAL         TERM    INCEN-      INCEN-
                                                    AND FEES    SACRIFICE      TION    LEAVE       EQUITY       TIVE       TIVE4

                        Non‑Executive Directors:
                        Diane               FY22 256,383               ‒    23,200            ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    279,583
                        Smith‑Gander
                        AO (part year       FY21      95,129           ‒      9,037           ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    104,166
                        FY21)1

                        John                FY22    159,085            ‒     15,915           ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    175,000
                        Batistich           FY21     159,817           ‒     15,183           ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    175,000
                        Pippa Downes        FY22     167,340           ‒     16,734           ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    184,074
                        (part year
                        FY22)2              FY21     128,425           ‒     9,490            ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    137,915

                        Philip
                        Crutchf ield        FY21    136,986            ‒     13,014           ‒        ‒          ‒           ‒    150,000
                        (part year FY21)3
                        Executive Directors:

                        Larry               FY22    493,019       19,013    23,568            ‒    83,410         ‒    179,201     798,211
                        Diamond             FY21 498,306               ‒     21,694    7,666      26,683    211,780    161,524     927,653

                        Peter               FY22     472,419      19,013    23,568            ‒   80,062          ‒    176,509     771,571
                        Gray                FY21    478,306            ‒     21,694    7,359       25,612 203,280      161,524     897,775
                        Executive Manager:

                        Martin              FY22     397,419      19,013    23,568    12,813      63,980    59,550     124,637 700,980
                        Brooke              FY21 378,306               ‒     21,694   21,825      20,257    160,780     127,101    729,963
                        Total FY22                  1,945,665    57,039     126,553   12,813      227,452   59,550     480,347 2,909,419
                        Total FY21                  1,875,275          ‒    111,806   36,850      72,552 575,840       450,149 3,122,472

                    1. Diane Smith‑Gander AO commenced as a KMP on 1 February 2021.
                    2. Pippa Downes commenced as a KMP on 1 October 2020 and resigned on 22 June 2022.
                    3. Philip Crutchf ield ceased as KMP on 2 March 2021.
                    4. LTVR values were vested in FY22 based upon the FY21 measurement period.




                                                                                                                                         87
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    6.2 KMP EQUITY INTERESTS AND CHANGES DURING FY22
                    a. Issue of Shares
                    Other than set out in this report, there were no shares issued to Directors and other KMP as part
                    of compensation during the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022.

                    b. Performance Rights Holding
                    The number of Per formance Rights in the Company held during the f inancial year by each Director and
                    other members of KMP of the consolidated entity, including their personally related parties affecting
                    remuneration of Directors and other KMP in the current or future f inancial years is set out below:

                    TABLE 23 ‒ FIXED LONG‑TERM EQUITY

                                                  BALANCE AT                      CONVERSION         VALUE OF                      BALANCE AT
                                                 THE START OF                     TO ORDINARY          RIGHTS      DISPOSALS/       THE END OF
                        LONG‑TERM EQUITY            THE YEAR         GRANTED           SHARES     EXCERCISED1           OTHER        THE YEAR

                        Larry Diamond                 20,252          88,133           (5,063)         $8,151                ‒         103,322
                        Peter Gray                    19,439          84,587           (4,860)         $7,825                ‒          99,166
                        Martin Brooke                  15,375          71,678          (3,844)         $6,189                ‒         83,209
                        Total                         55,066         244,398          (13,767)       $22,165                 ‒         285,697

                    1. The value of the rights exercised is based on the closing share price on 8 March 2022 when the rights vested.

                                                                                                                      NUMBER           $ FAIR
                                                                                                                     OF RIGHTS       VALUE AT
                        ISSUE DATE                  VESTING DATE                   EXPIRY DATE                          ISSUED     GRANT DATE

                        8 March 2021                8 March 2022                   8 March 2027                         13,767            8.92
                        8 March 2021                8 March 2023                   8 March 2027                         13,767            8.92
                        8 March 2021                8 March 2024                   8 March 2027                        13,767             8.92
                        8 March 2021                8 March 2025                   8 March 2027                        13,765             8.92
                        8 March 2022                8 March 2023                   8 March 2028                        61,099             0.93
                        8 March 2022                8 March 2024                   8 March 2028                        61,099             0.93
                        8 March 2022                8 March 2025                   8 March 2028                        61,100             0.93
                        8 March 2022                8 March 2026                   8 March 2028                        61,100             0.93
                        Total                                                                                        299,464




                    88 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    TABLE 24 ‒ VARIABLE LONG‑TERM INCENTIVE

                                                                  BALANCE AT                       CONVERSION                  BALANCE AT
                                                                 THE START OF                      TO ORDINARY   DISPOSALS/     THE END OF
                        AT RISK LONG‑TERM INCENTIVE                 THE YEAR         GRANTED            SHARES        OTHER      THE YEAR

                        Larry Diamond                                  610,000       105,504                ‒            ‒        715,504
                        Peter Gray                                     610,000       101,260                ‒            ‒        711,260
                        Martin Brooke                                 480,000         57,204         (160,000)           ‒       377,204
                        Total                                        1,700,000       263,968         (160,000)           ‒      1,803,968


                                                                                                                                FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                                   NUMBER        AT GRANT
                        ISSUE DATE                      VESTING DATE                   EXPIRY DATE                OF RIGHTS           DATE

                        15 February 2019                15 September 2022              15 February 2025           160,000           0.287
                        15 February 2019                15 February 2022               15 February 2025           406,666           0.287
                        15 February 2019                15 September 2022              15 February 2025           160,000           0.317
                        15 February 2019                15 February 2023               15 February 2025           406,666           0.317
                        15 February 2019                15 September 2023              15 February 2025           160,000           0.330
                        15 February 2019                15 February 2024               15 February 2025           406,668           0.330
                        30 November 2021                15 September 2024              30 November 2027           263,968            2.99
                        Total                                                                                    1,963,968


                    c. Options Holding
                    No options were granted during FY22 and none of the KMP currently hold options for shares in Zip.

                    d. Shareholding

                    TABLE 25 ‒ KMP SHAREHOLDING

                                                                                          CONVERSION

                                                       BALANCE AT             AT        FROM        CONVERSION           NET   BALANCE AT
                                                      THE START OF   APPOINTMENT PERFORMANCE             FROM     ADDITIONS/    THE END OF
                        ORDINARY SHARES                  THE YEAR           DATE      SHARES           OPTIONS   (DISPOSALS)     THE YEAR

                        Diane Smith‑Gander AO              2,500                 ‒             ‒             ‒      38,396        40,896
                        Larry Diamond                 54,528,597                 ‒      5,063                ‒     631,862     55,165,522
                        Peter Gray                    17,572,858                 ‒      4,860                ‒     338,892      17,916,610
                        John Batistich                   363,561                 ‒             ‒             ‒       17,647      381,208
                        Pippa Downes                       2,500                 ‒             ‒             ‒       17,944       20,4441
                        Martin Brooke                     131,108                ‒    160,000                ‒      25,930        317,038

                    1. Shareholding balance o f Pippa Downes at 22 June 2022 when she ceased as a KMP.




                                                                                                                                         89
                        Directors’ Report




                    Remuneration Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    6.4 SERVICE AGREEMENTS
                    Remuneration and other terms of employment for Executive KMP are formalised in service agreements
                    which were updated in FY22. Details of these agreements are outlined in the Table below:

                    TABLE 26 — EXECUTIVE SERVICE AGREEMENTS

                        DURATION          ONGOING TERM (NO FIXED TERM)

                        Periods of        Either party may terminate the contract:
                        notice required
                                          – For the Executive Directors (Larry Diamond and Peter Gray), the Company may
                        to terminate
                                            terminate the agreement on 6 months’ notice or by providing cash payments
                        Executive KMP
                                            equal to 6 months’ pay; and
                                          – For the CFO (Martin Brooke), the Company may terminate the agreement on
                                            a 3 months’ notice or by providing a cash payment equal to 3 month’s pay.
                        Termination       Executive KMP are not entitled to any termination payments with a payment
                        payments          in lieu of the notice period at the discretion of the Board where termination
                                          occurs other than for cause.

                    For Non‑Executive Directors there are no service agreements, however letters of appointment do apply;
                    tenure and retirement/resignation as a director is governed by the Corporations Act 2001 and the
                    Company’s constitution. Non‑Executive Directors are not entitled to any termination payments.

                    6.5 OTHER STATUTORY DISCLOSURES
                    a. Securities Trading Policy
                    The Zip Securities Trading Policy is featured in Zip’s Corporate Governance Statement which can be
                    found on our website.

                    b. Other Transactions to KMP and their Related Parties
                    There were no loans to/ from and no other transactions in the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022
                    and to the date of this report between the Company and:
                    –      the Directors; and
                    –      other members of KMP of the consolidated entity, including their personally related parties.
                    The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C)
                    of the Corporations Act 2001.

                    c. Use of Remuneration Consultants
                    The Committee may seek and consider advice from external and independent advisers from time
                    to time to assist the Committee discharge its duties, including periodically testing the market
                    competitiveness of the Remuneration policy and framework benchmarking against comparable
                    companies. Given the global expansion of the Company and increasing focus on the US, this
                    benchmarking is now global as we compete for high‑per forming talent.




                    90 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    During FY22, the Godfrey Remuneration Group (GRG) were engaged by the Committee to provide the
                    following services:

                    –   Benchmarking and advice regarding KMP remuneration quantum and structure;
                    –   Review of the 2021 Remuneration Report;
                    –   Draf ting remuneration strategy documentation;
                    –   Information on NED remuneration benchmarks;
                    –   Research and analysis into US‑based executive roles; and
                    –   Development of a NED Equity Plan for FY23.
                    The total fees paid to GRG during FY22 was $56,375 (including GST). Following the end of FY22 GRG
                    was further engaged to review the 2022 Remuneration Report and also to assist with the creation of a
                    NED Equity Plan. Further details of this engagement will be provided in the FY23 Remuneration Report.
                    The Remuneration, People and Culture Committee has procedures in place to ensure that all
                    engagements with independent external remuneration consultants, and recommendations (if any)
                    are free from undue influence. At times, remuneration consultants may be required to interact with
                    management to obtain the relevant information needed to form any remuneration recommendations.
                    In these instances, a Non‑executive Director will always have oversight of interactions between
                    independent consultants and management.
                    The Board conf irms that remuneration recommendations made during FY22 were made free from
                    undue influence because these procedures were adhered to.
                    In addition, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) provided assistance with Zip’s equity plans and to provide
                    legal and tax advice. PwC did not provide a remuneration recommendation in accordance with the
                    requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    This concludes the remuneration report, which has been audited.




                                                                                                                            91
                        Directors’ Report




                    Directors’ Report
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS
                    The Company has indemnif ied the Directors and Executives of the Company for costs incurred, in their
                    capacity as a Director or Executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is
                    a lack of good faith.
                    During the f inancial year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the Directors
                    and Executives of the Company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001.
                    The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.


                    INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
                    The Company has not, during or since the end of the f inancial year, indemnif ied or agreed to
                    indemnif y the auditor of the Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.
                    During the f inancial year, the Group has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure
                    the auditor of the Company or any related entity.


                    PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
                    No person has applied to the Company under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                    proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
                    party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.


                    NON‑AUDIT SERVICES
                    Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non‑audit services provided during the
                    f inancial year by the auditors are outlined in Note 24 to the f inancial statements. Total amount paid
                    for non‑audit services for the year amounted to $217,000 (2021: $153,000).


                    OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY WHO ARE FORMER PARTNERS OF DELOITTE
                    TOUCHE TOHMATSU
                    There are no off icers of the Company who are former partners of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.


                    AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                    A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations
                    Act 2001 is set out immediately af ter this Directors’ report.


                    AUDITOR
                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu continues in off ice in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations
                    Act 2001.
                    This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a)
                    of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    On behalf of the Directors.




                    Larry Diamond
                    Managing Director & Global Chief Executive O ff icer
                    28 September 2022

                    92 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration




                    Auditor’s Independence
                    Declaration




For personal use only
                                                                                                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                           ABN 74 490 121 060
                                                                                                                           Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                           225 George Street
                                                                                                                           Sydney, NSW, 2000
                                                                                                                           Australia

                                                                                                                           Tel: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                           www.deloitte.com.au




                             28 September 2022


                             The Board of Directors
                             Zip Co Limited
                             Level 14, 10 Spring Street
                             Sydney NSW 2000



                             Dear Board Members

                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Zip Co Limited

                             In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following declaration
                             of independence to the directors of Zip Co Limited.
                             As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of Zip Co Limited for the financial year ended 30
                             June 2022, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions of:


                                         (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
                                         (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                             Yours faithfully




                             DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                             Mark Lumsden
                             Partner
                             Chartered Accountants




                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                             Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.




                                                                                                                                                      93
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Statement of Profit
                    or Loss and Other




For personal use only
                    Comprehensive Income
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED*
                                                                                                              NOTE           $’000            $’000

                        Port folio interest income                                                                        522,129          337,305
                        Transactional income                                                                                97,874          56,614
                        Revenue                                                                                           620,003          393,919
                        Other Income                                                                                         1,400              451
                        Bad debts and expected credit losses                                                     11       (276,106)        (131,522)
                        Bank fees and data costs                                                                          (114,262)          (71,511)
                        Interest expense                                                                                   (78,594)        (63,780)
                        Salaries and employee benef its expenses                                                         (184,407)         (97,692)
                        Marketing expenses                                                                               (120,089)         (73,754)
                        Information technology expenses                                                                    (47,082)        (24,027)
                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                    3       (68,645)          (91,768)
                        Share‑based payments                                                                              (30,937)        (142,843)
                        Corporate f inancing costs                                                                3       (30,963)          (10,796)
                        Other operating expenses                                                                  3        (75,224)        (45,464)
                        Impairment of goodwill and intangibles                                                3,14         (821,111)                 ‒
                        Fair value gain (loss) on f inancial instruments                                     3,5,6        128,960           (77,613)
                        Share of loss of associates                                                               4         (8,348)            (753)
                        Net adjustment relating to the acquisition of QuadPay                                                     ‒      (306,235)
                        Loss Before Income Tax                                                                         (1,105,405)        (743,388)
                        Income tax benef it                                                                       7             312         65,240
                        Loss Af ter Income Tax for the year attributable
                        to Members of Zip Co Limited                                                                    (1,105,093)       (678,148)
                        Other Comprehensive Loss for the year
                        Items that may be reclassif ied subsequently to prof it or loss
                        Foreign exchange differences on translation                                                        89,625           (19,291)
                        Total Other Comprehensive Loss for the year, net of tax                                            89,625           (19,291)
                        Total Comprehensive Loss for the year Attributable
                        to the Members of Zip Co Limited                                                                (1,015,468)       (697,439)

                        Earnings per share
                        Basic loss per share                                                                      8        (181.26)         (131.93)
                        Diluted loss per share                                                                    8        (181.26)         (131.93)

                    *    The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The above Consolidated statement of prof it or loss and other comprehensive income should be read
                    in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                    94 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    Statement of
                    Financial Position




For personal use only
                    At 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED*
                                                                                                              NOTE           $’000            $’000

                        Assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 9       241,326          289,212
                        Restricted cash                                                                           9        58,369           40,989
                        Other receivables                                                                       10          72,835          30,195
                        Term deposit                                                                                         3,864            1,507
                        Customer receivables                                                                     11     2,508,124        1,955,947
                        Investments at FVTPL                                                                     12               ‒         19,034
                        Investments in associates                                                                 4          70,741           7,006
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                        5,246           3,294
                        Right‑of‑use assets                                                                                  3,813           5,849
                        Intangible assets                                                                        13       192,350          203,819
                        Goodwill                                                                                 14       222,744          772,961
                        Total assets                                                                                    3,379,412        3,329,813

                        Liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                 15        140,547           57,857
                        Employee provisions                                                                                  9,068           6,034
                        Deferred consideration                                                                   16         26,184           6,990
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                    4,039           6,296
                        Borrowings                                                                               17    2,380,909         1,659,233
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes and warrants                                    5       380,916         469,965
                        Total liabilities                                                                               2,941,663       2,206,375
                        Net Assets                                                                                         437,749       1,123,438

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                           18     2,041,496        1,688,785
                        Reserves                                                                                          152,385           86,707
                        Convertible notes ‒ equity                                                                5        114,466         114,466
                        Non‑controlling interest                                                                              1,015                  ‒
                        Accumulated losses                                                                              (1,871,613)       (766,520)
                        Total equity                                                                                       437,749       1,123,438

                    *    The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The above Consolidated statement of f inancial position should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                     95
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Statement of
                    Changes in Equity




For personal use only
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                        SHARE‑        FOREIGN
                                                                                         BASED      CURRENCY
                                                             ISSUED     TREASURY      PAYMENTS    TRANSLATION    CONVERTIBLE   ACCUMULATED       TOTAL
                                                            CAPITAL       SHARES       RESERVE        RESERVE         NOTES         LOSSES      EQUITY
                        CONSOLIDATED                          $’000         $’000         $’000         $’000          $’000         $’000       $’000

                        Balance at 1 July 2020              274,151            ‒        19,700           (79)             ‒       (88,372)   205,400
                        Loss af ter income tax benefit
                        for the year (Restated*)                 ‒             ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒      (678,148)   (678,148)
                        Other comprehensive loss
                        for the year, net of tax                 ‒             ‒             ‒        (19,291)            ‒             ‒      (19,291)
                        Total comprehensive loss
                        for the year (Restated*)                 ‒             ‒             ‒        (19,291)            ‒      (678,148)   (697,439)
                        Recognition of share‑based
                        payments                                 ‒             ‒      142,843              ‒              ‒             ‒     142,843
                        Transfer of share‑based
                        payments                                 ‒             ‒      (123,267)            ‒              ‒             ‒    (123,267)
                        Issue of treasury shares
                        to Zip Employee Share Trust          18,491       (18,491)           ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒            ‒
                        Issue of shares from
                        Zip employee Share Trust                 ‒         8,053        (8,053)            ‒              ‒             ‒            ‒
                        Recognition of replacement
                        options issued for QuadPay
                        acquisition                              ‒             ‒       85,292              ‒              ‒             ‒      85,292
                        Issue of ordinary shares
                        under share‑based
                        payment plans                      123,267             ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒     123,267
                        Exercise of options                   1,342            ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒       1,342
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        business acquisitions             1,090,741            ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒    1,090,741
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        capital raising                     176,710            ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒      176,710
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        PartPay contingent
                        consideration                        6,989             ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒       6,989
                        Issue of convertible notes               ‒             ‒             ‒             ‒        114,466             ‒     114,466
                        Cost of issuing of shares           (2,906)            ‒             ‒             ‒              ‒             ‒      (2,906)
                        Balance at 30 June 2021
                        (Restated*)                      1,688,785       (10,438)      116,515       (19,370)       114,466      (766,520)   1,123,438

                    *    The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The above Consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.




                    96 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                                                  SHARE‑     FOREIGN
                                                                                   BASED   CURRENCY                                NON –
                                                          ISSUED    TREASURY    PAYMENTS TRANSLATION CONVERTIBLE ACCUMULATED CONTROLLING        TOTAL
                                                         CAPITAL      SHARES     RESERVE     RESERVE      NOTES       LOSSES   INTERESTS       EQUITY
                        CONSOLIDATED                       $’000        $’000       $’000      $’000       $’000       $’000       $’000        $’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2021
                        (Restated*)                   1,688,785      (10,438)    116,515     (19,370)    114,466   (766,520)           ‒   1,123,438
                        Loss af ter income tax
                        benefit for the year                  ‒            ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒ (1,105,093)           ‒ (1,105,093)
                        Other comprehensive
                        income for the year,
                        net of tax                            ‒            ‒           ‒     89,625            ‒           ‒           ‒     89,625
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year            ‒            ‒           ‒     89,625            ‒ (1,105,093)           ‒ (1,015,468)
                        Recognition of share‑based
                        payments                              ‒            ‒     30,937            ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒      30,937
                        Transfer of share‑based
                        payments                              ‒            ‒     (41,544)          ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒     (41,544)
                        Issue of treasury shares
                        to Zip Employee Trust            15,760      (15,760)          ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒             ‒
                        Issue of shares from Zip
                        Employee Share Trust                  ‒      22,853     (22,853)           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒             ‒
                        Issue of ordinary shares
                        under share‑based
                        payment plans                     19,661           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒      19,661
                        Exercise of options                 310            ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒         310
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        business acquisitions           137,209            ‒       2,156           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒    139,365
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        capital raising                  172,729           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒     172,729
                        Issue of shares ‒ PartPay
                        contingent consideration
                        (refer to Note 16)                6,990            ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒      6,990
                        Issue of shares ‒
                        IT development and
                        sof tware purchase                3,440            ‒        264            ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒       3,704
                        Cost of issuing of shares        (3,388)           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒           ‒      (3,388)
                        Acquisition of
                        non‑controlling interests             –            –           –           –           –           –       1,015       1,015
                        Balance at 30 June 2022       2,041,496      (3,345)     85,475      70,255      114,466   (1,871,613)     1,015     437,749

                    *    The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The above Consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                     97
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Statement of
                    Cash Flows




For personal use only
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED*
                                                                                                              NOTE           $’000            $’000

                        CASH FLOWS TO OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                        Revenue from customers                                                                             620,176        403,009
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                               (517,887)       (292,594)
                        Net increase in receivables                                                                      (766,957)       (930,054)
                        Borrowing transaction costs                                                                         (2,390)          (2,084)
                        Interest received from f inancial institutions                                                        1,227             187
                        Interest paid                                                                                      (72,404)         (57,677)
                        Acquisition of business costs                                                                      (14,183)          (8,702)
                        Net Cash Flow to Operating Activities                                                             (752,418)       (887,915)

                        CASH FLOWS TO INVESTING ACTIVITIES
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                                                    (4,546)          (1,383)
                        Payments for sof tware development                                                                 (24,968)        (12,009)
                        Payments for investments in associates                                                    4       (72,048)           (6,575)
                        Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                                         6          6,847          26,209
                        Payments for investments at FVTPL                                                        12               ‒         (14,488)
                        Increase in term deposits                                                                           (2,358)                  ‒
                        Net Cash Flow to Investing Activities                                                              (97,073)          (8,246)

                        CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        1,195,390        1,051,866
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                          (540,951)        (521,199)
                        Proceeds from issue of convertible notes                                                                  ‒        490,978
                        Repayment of principal of lease liabilities                                                         (3,949)          (3,737)
                        Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                     173,039          178,052
                        Cost of share issues                                                                                (3,388)         (2,906)
                        Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities                                                            820,141       1,193,054
                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash equivalents
                        and restricted cash                                                                               (29,350)        296,893
                        Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
                        at the beginning of the year                                                                      330,201            32,712
                        Foreign exchange effect                                                                              (1,156)            596
                        Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
                        at the End of the year                                                                    9       299,695          330,201

                    *    The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The above Consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.




                    98 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                    Notes to the Financial
                    Statements




For personal use only
                    NOTE 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES OF THE ANNUAL REPORT
                    A. BUSINESS
                    Zip is a global provider of digital retail f inance and payments services. In Australia, Zip is a responsible
                    credit provider, both as a core value and through its legal obligations under its ASIC regulated Australian
                    Credit License. Zip is also accredited to the Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) Code of Practice issued by the
                    Australian Finance Industry Association. Zip’s current operations span 13 countries around the world
                    providing services in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, Poland,
                    Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States.
                    Zip’s ordinary shares have been listed on the ASX (ASX code: ZIP) since 2015. Zip Co Limited and its
                    subsidiaries together are referred to in these f inancial statements as the ‘consolidated entity’.

                    B. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
                    The full‑year f inancial report is a general purpose f inancial report prepared in accordance with the
                    Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations, and complies with other
                    requirements of the law.
                    Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the f inancial statements and notes of
                    the consolidated entity comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the
                    International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consequently, this f inancial report has been prepared
                    in accordance with and complies with IFRS as issued by the IASB.
                    The consolidated entity is a for‑prof it entity and the f inancial statements comprise the consolidated
                    f inancial statements of the consolidated entity.

                    The f inancial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on
                    28 September 2022. The Directors have the power to amend and reissue the f inancial statements.

                    C. BASIS OF PREPARATION
                    The Report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of certain
                    non‑current assets and f inancial instruments. Cost is based on the fair values of the consideration
                    given in exchange for assets. All amounts are presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded
                    to the nearest thousand ($’000), unless otherwise noted. When necessary, comparative f igures have
                    been adjusted to comply with the changes in presentation in the current period.

                    Comparative Figures
                    Certain comparative f igures have been restated and/or reclassif ied for misstatement corrections
                    or to conform to changes in presentation for the current f inancial year. Refer to Note 28 for details.
                    Where relevant, restated f igures are presented in the respective notes in this report.

                    D. GOING CONCERN
                    The Directors have prepared the Report on a going concern basis, which assumes continuity of normal
                    business activities and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
                    of business. The consolidated statement of prof it or loss and other comprehensive income for the
                    year ended 30 June 2022 reflects the consolidated entity’s total comprehensive loss af ter tax of
                    $1,015.5 million. The consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2022 reflects
                    net cash out flows from operations of $752.4 million.
                    The Directors have reviewed cash flow forecasts for the consolidated entity through to 30 September 2023.
                    The cash flow forecasts indicate that the consolidated entity will have suff icient funding to operate as a
                    going concern during the forecast period. The Directors have concluded that it is appropriate to prepare
                    the f inancial statements on a going concern basis, as they are conf ident that the consolidated entity
                    will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable from operating cash flows
                    and available f inance facilities.




                                                                                                                               99
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    The f inancial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and classif ication
                    of recorded asset amounts nor to the amounts and classif ication of liabilities that might be necessary
                    should the consolidated entity not continue as a going concern.

                    E. ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
                    The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued
                    by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to its operations and
                    effective for the current f inancial year and that have a signif icant impact on the consolidated entity’s
                    f inancial statements. There were no new or revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the
                    Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that have materially impacted the consolidated
                    entity’s f inancial statements for the year ended 30 June 2022. The consolidated entity has not adopted
                    any accounting standards that are issued but not yet effective. The consolidated entity has considered
                    the applicability and impact of all recently issued accounting pronouncements and has determined
                    that they were either not applicable or were not expected to have a material impact on the
                    f inancial statements.

                    F. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
                    In preparing this Report, the consolidated entity has been required to make certain estimates and
                    assumptions concerning future occurrences. There is an inherent risk that the resulting accounting
                    estimates will not equate exactly with actual events and results in the future.

                    Provision for Expected Credit Loss
                    Customer receivables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequently, they are classif ied and
                    measured at amortised cost.
                    An expected credit loss model is used for the assessment of impairment of customer receivables under
                    AASB 9. Expected credit losses (ECL) are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows
                    due in accordance with the terms of the consolidated entity’s products and all the cash flows that the
                    consolidated entity expects to receive from its customers. The expected credit losses are calculated
                    based on either twelve months or the lifetime of the customer receivables.
                    ECL is the product of Probability of default (PD), Exposure at default (EAD), and Loss given default (LGD).
                    LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual
                    cash flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from
                    collateral and integral credit enhancements. PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL and it is an
                    estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the calculation of which includes
                    historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.
                    When measuring expected credit losses the consolidated entity uses reasonable and supportable
                    forward‑looking information, which is based on assumptions for the future movement of different
                    economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other. Management consider that the
                    key source of estimation uncertainty relates to the formulation and incorporation of multiple
                    forward‑looking economic scenarios into the ECL estimates to meet the measurement objective
                    of AASB 9.
                    The ECL recognised in the consolidated f inancial statements reflects the effect on expected credit
                    losses of a range of possible outcomes, calculated on a probability‑weighted basis, based on a number
                    of economic scenarios (including base, good and bad scenarios). These scenarios are representative
                    of management’s view of forecast economic conditions, suff icient to calculate an unbiased ECL.
                    The weightings used are reviewed each reporting period to ensure these remain appropriate and as
                    such are considered to represent signif icant accounting estimates. Judgement has been applied in
                    the assessment of the macroeconomic overlay in the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, taking into
                    account the impact of COVID‑19. Refer to Note 11 for further details.




                    100 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Impairment of Non‑Financial Assets
                    Non‑f inancial assets other than goodwill and other indef inite life intangible assets are reviewed for
                    indicators of impairment. Goodwill and other indef inite life intangible assets are tested for impairment
                    annually or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill and indef inite life intangible assets
                    might be impaired. If an intangible asset was recognised during the current annual period, that
                    intangible asset is tested for impairment before or at the end of the current annual period.
                    An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds
                    its recoverable amount.
                    Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value‑in‑use.
                    The value‑in‑use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using
                    a discount rate specif ic to the asset or cash‑generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
                    CGUs are def ined as the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely
                    independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets. For the purpose of impairment
                    testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash‑generating units (or groups of
                    cash‑generating units) expected to benef it from the synergies of the combination.
                    Intangible assets such as customer relationships and trademarks used by the consolidated entity for
                    its own activities are unlikely to generate largely independent cash inflows and are therefore tested at
                    a CGU level. Please refer to Note 14 for detailed assumptions and assessment of impairment for goodwill
                    and intangible assets.
                    The assessment of impairment of investments in associates is detailed in Note 4.

                    Fair Value Measurements and Valuation Processes
                    The consolidated entity measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value for f inancial reporting
                    purposes. In estimating the fair value of these assets and liabilities, the consolidated entity uses
                    market‑observable data to the extent it is available. Where market‑observable data is not available,
                    the consolidated entity engages qualif ied third‑party valuers to assist with the valuation and work
                    closely with management to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the valuation
                    model. Key inputs to the valuation model for valuation of derivatives embedded in convertible notes
                    and warrants recognised as f inancial liability include Zip’s share price, volatility and the risk free rate.
                    Refer to Note 5 for details.

                    Acquisition Accounting
                    Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consolidated entity
                    identif ies the acquisition date, which is the date on which it obtains control of the acquiree. Judgement
                    is required when determining the date on which the consolidated entity obtains control of the acquiree,
                    considering the events and conditions precedent to completing the acquisition, which may include but
                    is not limited to, the signing of the sale and purchase agreement between the consolidated entity and
                    the acquiree, obtaining Board, shareholder and regulatory approvals and the issuing and legal trans fer
                    of consideration, including in the form of shares in the consolidated entity.
                    The consolidated entity may obtain control of an acquiree in which it held an equity interest
                    immediately before the acquisition date. AASB 3 Business Combinations refers to such a transaction
                    as a business combination achieved in stages. Judgement is required in remeasuring the consolidated
                    entity’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree from its previous classif ication and measurement
                    under AASB 9 Financial Instruments or AASB 128 Investments in Associates to its acquisition‑date
                    fair value.

                    The consideration trans ferred in a business combination is measured at fair value which is calculated
                    as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets trans ferred to the former owners, liabilities
                    incurred by the consolidated entity to the former owners of the acquiree, and the equity instruments
                    issued by the consolidated entity in exchange for control of the acquiree. Potential forms of consideration
                    include cash, other assets, a business or a subsidiary of the acquirer, contingent consideration,



                                                                                                                               101
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    ordinary or preference equity instruments, options, warrants and member interests of mutual entities.
                    Whether arrangements for contingent payments to employees or selling shareholders are contingent
                    consideration in the business combination or are separate transactions depends on the nature of
                    the arrangements. Understanding the reasons why the acquisition agreement includes a provision for
                    contingent payments, who initiated the arrangement and when the parties entered into the arrangement
                    requires judgement in assessing the nature of the arrangement and whether the contingent payment
                    forms part of the consideration trans ferred in a business combination or a separate transaction.

                    Indicators include, but are not limited to, payments that are contingent on continued employment by
                    the selling shareholders who become key employees in the consolidated entity, the duration of their
                    continued employment compared to the contingent payment period and whether the level of their
                    employee remuneration other than the contingent payments is at a reasonable level in comparison
                    with that of other key employees in the consolidated entity.

                    G. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
                    The consolidated f inancial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of Zip Co
                    Limited (‘parent entity’) as at 30 June 2022 and the results of all subsidiaries for the twelve months
                    then ended (for acquired subsidiaries since their acquisition dates).
                    Subsidiaries are all entities over which the consolidated entity has control. The consolidated entity
                    controls an entity when the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                    involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
                    activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is trans ferred
                    to the consolidated entity. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
                    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between the entities that
                    are controlled by the consolidated entity are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
                    the transaction provides evidence of the impairment of the asset trans ferred.

                    H. SEGMENT REPORTING
                    Operating segments are presented using the ‘management approach’, where the information presented
                    is on the same basis as the internal reports provided to the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM).
                    CODM include the Non‑Executive Directors, Chief Executive O ff icer, Chief Operations O ff icer and Chief
                    Financial O ff icer. The CODM are responsible for the allocation of resources to operating segments and
                    assessing their per formance.

                    I. REVENUE RECOGNITION
                    Portfolio Interest Income
                    The consolidated entity recognises port folio interest income on customer receivables using the
                    effective interest rate method (in accordance with AASB 9), based on estimated future cash receipts
                    over the expected life of the f inancial asset. In making their judgement of the estimated future cash
                    flows and the expected life of the customer receivables balance, the Directors have considered the
                    historical repayment pattern of the customer receivables on a port folio basis for each type of
                    its products.
                    These estimates require signif icant judgment and will be reviewed on an ongoing basis and where
                    required, appropriate adjustments to the recognition of revenue will be made.
                    The Directors consider that revenue from Merchant fees, Service fees, Monthly fees and Interest are
                    akin to f inancial or port folio interest income which should be accrued on a time proportionate basis,
                    by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate
                    that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the f inancial asset
                    to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                    102 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Transactional Income
                    Transactional income includes Establishment fees (Refer to Note 28 for reclassif ication of Establishment
                    fee), Transaction processing fees, Aff iliate fees and Interchange which are recognised in accordance
                    with AASB 15 and not considered port folio interest income.

                    J. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
                    Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration
                    trans ferred in a business combination is measured at fair value which is calculated as the sum of
                    the acquisition date fair values of assets trans ferred to the former owners, liabilities incurred by the
                    consolidated entity to the former owners of the acquiree, and the equity instruments issued by the
                    consolidated entity in exchange for control of the acquiree.
                    Goodwill arises in a business combination when the consideration trans ferred to the acquiree is
                    greater than the net of the acquisition‑date fair value of identif iable assets and the liabilities assumed.
                    Acquisition costs are recognised in prof it or loss as incurred.
                    Where the consideration trans ferred by the consolidated entity in a business combination includes
                    assets or liabilities resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration
                    is measured at its acquisition‑date fair value. If there are changes in the fair value of the contingent
                    consideration that qualif y as measurement period adjustments, they are adjusted retrospectively, with
                    corresponding adjustments against goodwill. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that
                    arise from additional information obtained during the ‘measurement period’ (which cannot exceed one
                    year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.
                    If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in
                    which the combination occurs, the consolidated entity reports provisional amounts for the items for
                    which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement
                    period (see above), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained
                    about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have
                    affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

                    Share‑Based Payment Transactions of the Acquiree in a Business Combination
                    When the share‑based payment awards held by the employees of an acquiree (acquiree awards) are
                    replaced by the Company’s share‑based payment awards (replacement awards), both the acquiree
                    awards and the replacement awards are measured in accordance with AASB 2 (“market‑based
                    measure”) at the acquisition date. The portion of the replacement awards that is included in measuring
                    the consideration trans ferred in a business combination equals the market‑based measure of the
                    acquiree awards multiplied by the ratio of the portion of the vesting period completed to the greater
                    of the total vesting period or the original vesting period of the acquiree award. The excess of the
                    market‑based measure of the replacement awards over the market‑based measure of the acquiree
                    awards included in measuring the consideration trans ferred is recognised as remuneration cost for
                    post‑combination service.

                    K. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
                    Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with f inancial institutions, other
                    short‑term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily
                    convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignif icant risk of changes
                    in value.
                    Restricted cash is held by the securitisation warehouses and special purpose vehicles and is not
                    available to pay creditors of the consolidated entity.




                                                                                                                                103
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    L. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                    Sof tware Development Asset
                    Sof tware development costs are capitalised only when:
                    –    The technical feasibility and commercial viability or usefulness of the project is demonstrated;
                    –    The consolidated entity has an intention, ability and f inancial resources to complete the project
                         and use it or sell it; and
                    –    The costs can be measured reliably.
                    Such costs include payments to external contractors, any purchase of materials and equipment,
                    and the costs of employees, who are directly involved in the sof tware project.
                    Subsequent expenditure on capitalised intangible assets is capitalised only when it increases the
                    future economic benef its embodied in the specif ic asset to which it relates. All other expenditure
                    is expensed as incurred.

                    Intangibles Acquired in a Business Combination
                    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are
                    initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date.
                    Acquired intangibles are independently valued by an external valuer and their fair values are recorded
                    at initial recognition. Refer to Note 6 for the valuation of intangibles acquired during the f inancial year.
                    Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported
                    at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as
                    intangible assets that are acquired separately.
                    The useful life of intangible assets is assessed on either the duration for which the assets contribute
                    to the consolidated entity’s value or the timing of the projected cash flow of the relationships.

                    Intangibles Acquired Separately
                    Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
                    amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight‑line basis
                    over their estimated useful lives which are disclosed in Note 13. The estimated useful life and amortisation
                    method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
                    being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                    Derecognition of Intangibles
                    An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benef its are expected
                    from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
                    difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised
                    in prof it or loss when the asset is derecognised.

                    M. GOODWILL
                    Goodwill arising on the acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of the
                    acquisition of the business, less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                    For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the consolidated entity’s CGUs
                    (or groups of CGUs) that are expected to benef it from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or
                    group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated is (a) representing the lowest level within the entity
                    at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes; and (b) not be larger than an
                    operating segment determined in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments.




                    104 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when
                    there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than its
                    carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated f irst to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
                    allocated to the unit and then to acquired intangibles, and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata
                    based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit if further impairment is needed. Any impairment
                    loss for goodwill is recognised directly in prof it or loss.
                    An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.
                    On disposal of the relevant CGU, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination
                    of the prof it or loss on disposal.

                    N. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                    Trade and other payables represent the principal amounts outstanding at balance date, plus, where
                    applicable, any accrued interest.

                    O. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
                    A provision is made for employee benef its accumulated as a result of employees rendering services up
                    to the reporting date. These benef its include wages and salaries, annual leave, and long service leave.
                    Liabilities arising in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and any other employee benef its
                    expected to be settled within twelve months of the reporting date are measured at their nominal
                    amounts based on remuneration rates which are expected to be paid when the liability is settled.
                    All other employee benef it liabilities are measured at the present value of the estimated future
                    cash out flow to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date.
                    In determining the present value of future cash out flows, the market yield as at the reporting date
                    on high‑quality corporate bond rates, which have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the
                    related liability, are used.

                    P. SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS
                    Equity‑settled share‑based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured
                    at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date. Details regarding the determination of the
                    fair value of equity‑settled share‑based transactions are set out in Note 27.

                    The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity‑settled share‑based payments is expensed
                    on a straight‑line basis over the vesting period, based on the consolidated entity’s estimate of the
                    number of equity instruments that will eventually vest. At each reporting date, the consolidated entity
                    revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest as a result of the effect of
                    non‑market‑based vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
                    recognised in prof it or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
                    corresponding adjustment to reserves. Equity‑settled share‑based payment transactions with parties
                    other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, except where
                    that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are measured at the fair value of the
                    equity instruments granted, measured at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty
                    renders the service. Share‑based payments which have been approved but yet to be issued to the
                    employees at the end of the reporting period are recognised on the basis of equity‑settled share‑based
                    payment transactions. For cash‑settled share‑based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods
                    or services acquired, measured initially at the fair value of the liability. At each reporting date until the
                    liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any
                    changes in fair value recognised in prof it or loss for the year.




                                                                                                                               105
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Q. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                    Initial Recognition and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Instruments
                    Financial assets and f inancial liabilities are recognised when the consolidated entity becomes a party
                    to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

                    Financial Assets
                    Financial assets are initially measured at fair value. Financial assets are subsequently measured at
                    amortised cost and include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, term deposits, other receivables
                    (excluding prepayments) and customer receivables. Customer receivables are non‑derivative f inancial
                    assets which are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment.
                    Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI are
                    measured at FVTPL. Investments in equity instruments are classif ied as investments at FVTPL, unless
                    the consolidated entity designates an equity investment that is neither held for trading nor a
                    contingent consideration arising from a business combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.
                    The consolidated entity did not have any f inancial assets measured at FVTOCI at 30 June 2022 and
                    30 June 2021.
                    Financial assets at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                    period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not part
                    of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss is recognised in prof it or loss. There is no
                    requirement to recognise an impairment loss.

                    Financial Liabilities
                    Financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value.
                    Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, loans and borrowings, deferred contingent
                    considerations and the debt component of convertible notes are measured subsequently at amortised
                    cost. The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a f inancial liability
                    and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
                    exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees paid or received that form an
                    integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
                    the expected life of the f inancial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost
                    of a f inancial liability.
                    Financial liabilities at FVTPL, including those warrants issued which meet the def initions of a f inancial
                    liability in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements, are initially measured at
                    fair value and subsequently measured at fair value at each reporting date. Any gains or losses arise
                    on changes in fair value are recognised in prof it or loss to the extent that they are not part of a
                    designated hedging relationship.

                    Classification of Debt and Equity Components
                    Convertible loan notes issued by the consolidated entity are classif ied as either f inancial liabilities
                    or equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the def initions of
                    a f inancial liability and an equity instrument.
                    A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a f ixed amount of cash for a variable
                    number of the Company’s own equity instruments is considered a f inancial liability. The conversion
                    features that fail the equity classif ication are accounted for as derivative f inancial liabilities, and are
                    accounted for separately from their host debt component. Derivatives f inancial liabilities are recognised
                    initially at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured
                    to their fair value at each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in prof it or
                    loss immediately.




                    106 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    A conversion option that will be settled by the exchange of a f ixed amount of cash for a f ixed number
                    of the Company’s own equity instruments is considered an equity component. The conversion feature
                    classif ied as equity is not required to be revalued at each reporting date.
                    The option derivatives embedded in the convertible notes are assessed to determine whether it
                    is to be separated from its debt host contract on the basis of the stated terms of the option feature.
                    The debt component of convertible notes is subsequently measured at amortised cost as described
                    above. The effective interest charged on the debt host contract is reported in corporate f inance costs.

                    Transaction Costs
                    Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of f inancial assets or f inancial liabilities
                    at fair value through prof it or loss are recognised immediately in prof it or loss. Transaction costs that
                    are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of f inancial assets and f inancial liabilities (other than
                    f inancial assets and f inancial liabilities at fair value through prof it or loss) are added to or deducted
                    from the fair value of the f inancial assets or f inancial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
                    Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible notes are allocated to the liability and equity
                    components (if any) in proportion to the allocation of the gross proceeds. Transaction costs relating
                    to the equity component are recognised directly in equity. Transaction costs relating to the liability
                    component are included in the carrying amount of the liability component and are amortised over
                    the lives of the convertible notes using the effective interest method.

                    Derecognition of Financial Assets and Liabilities
                    The consolidated entity derecognises a f inancial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
                    flows from the asset expire, or when it trans fers the f inancial asset and substantially all the risks and
                    rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the consolidated entity neither trans fers nor
                    retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the trans ferred
                    asset, the consolidated entity recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for
                    amounts it may have to pay. If the consolidated entity retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
                    ownership of a trans ferred f inancial asset, the consolidated entity continues to recognise the f inancial
                    asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
                    On derecognition of a f inancial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
                    carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in prof it or
                    loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classif ied as at FVTOCI, the
                    cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is reclassif ied
                    to prof it or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in an equity instrument which the
                    consolidated entity has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or
                    loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not reclassif ied to prof it
                    or loss, but is trans ferred to retained earnings.
                    The consolidated entity derecognises f inancial liabilities when, and only when, the consolidated entity’s
                    obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount
                    of the f inancial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in prof it
                    or loss.

                    R. ISSUED CAPITAL
                    Ordinary shares are classif ied as equity and are carried at cost.
                    Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options classif ied as equity are
                    shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds.




                                                                                                                                  107
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    S. INCOME TAX
                    The income tax expense or benef it for the period is the tax payable on that period’s taxable income
                    based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in deferred
                    tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences, unused tax losses and any adjustment
                    recognised for prior periods, where applicable.
                    Where uncertainty exists over the income tax treatments of certain tax positions, an assessment
                    of each uncertain tax position is made based on whether it is considered probable that the relevant
                    taxation authority will accept the position. Where it is not probable, the effect of the uncertainty is
                    reflected in determining the relevant taxable prof it or loss, tax bases, unused tax losses and unused
                    tax credits or tax rates. The consolidated entity has assessed the impact of the interpretation and does
                    not believe that there are any uncertain tax positions for which the consolidated entity is required to
                    reflect a different tax treatment in determining both current and deferred taxes.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected
                    to be applied when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that are
                    enacted or substantively enacted, except for:
                    –    When the deferred tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
                         liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction,
                         affects neither the accounting nor taxable prof its; or
                    –    When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries and the timing
                         of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
                         in the foreseeable future.
                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only
                    if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and
                    losses. The consolidated entity has recognised deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences
                    and tax losses to the extent required to equal deferred tax liabilities for the f inancial year ended
                    30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021.
                    The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
                    reporting date. Deferred tax assets recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
                    that future taxable prof its will be available for the carrying amount to be recovered. Previously
                    unrecognised deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that there are
                    future taxable prof its available to recover the asset.

                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are off set only where there is a legally enforceable right to off set
                    current tax assets against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities;
                    and they relate to the same taxable authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable
                    entities which intend to settle simultaneously.

                    Tax Consolidation Legislation
                    Zip Co Limited and its wholly‑owned Australian‑controlled subsidiaries are members of a tax‑consolidated
                    group under Australian tax law. Zip Co Limited is the head entity within the tax‑consolidated group.
                    In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, the head entity also recognises the current
                    tax liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and relevant tax credits
                    of the members of the tax‑consolidated group.
                    Amounts payable or receivable under the tax‑funding arrangement between the head entity and
                    the entities in the tax consolidated group are determined using a ‘separate taxpayer within group’
                    approach to determine the tax contribution amounts payable or receivable by each member of the
                    tax‑consolidated group. This approach results in the tax effect of transactions being recognised in
                    the legal entity where that transaction occurred and does not tax effect transactions that have no tax
                    consequences to the group. The same basis is used for tax allocation within the tax‑consolidated group.




                    108 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    T. EARNINGS PER SHARE
                    Basic Earnings Per Share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the prof it attributable to the owners of Zip Co Limited,
                    excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of
                    ordinary shares outstanding during the f inancial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
                    issued during the f inancial year.

                    Diluted Earnings Per Share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the f igures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
                    to take into account the af ter income tax effect of interest and other f inancing costs associated with
                    dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been
                    issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                    U. RECOVERABLE AMOUNT OF ASSETS
                    The carrying amounts of assets other than f inancial instruments and goodwill are reviewed by the
                    Directors where there is an impairment indicator to ensure they are not in excess of the recoverable
                    amounts (the higher of value‑in‑use and fair value less costs of disposal). The expected net cash
                    flows are discounted to present values in determining recoverable amounts.

                    V. FOREIGN CURRENCIES
                    In preparing the consolidated f inancial statements of the consolidated entity, the results and f inancial
                    position of each group entity are expressed in Australian dollars, which is the functional currency of the
                    parent entity and the presentation currency for the consolidated f inancial statements.
                    Transactions in currencies other than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are
                    recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At each reporting
                    date, monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
                    the rates prevailing at that date. Non‑monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in
                    foreign currencies are translated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined.
                    Non‑monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
                    not retranslated.
                    For the purpose of presenting consolidated f inancial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
                    consolidated entity’s foreign operations are translated at exchange rates prevailing on the reporting
                    date. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless
                    exchange rates fluctuate signif icantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date
                    of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive
                    income and accumulated in a foreign exchange translation reserve and may be subsequently
                    reclassif ied to prof it and loss in future reporting period.




                                                                                                                             109
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 2. SEGMENT INFORMATION
                    An operating segment is a component of an entity engaging in business activities from which
                    it may earn revenue and incur expenses, whose operating results are reviewed and used by the
                    Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM) in assessing per formance and in determining the allocation
                    of resources. Intersegment loans are eliminated on consolidation and there is no aggregation of
                    operating segments.
                    The consolidated entity had three operating segments being Zip AU, Zip Global and Zip Business in the
                    f inancial year ended 30 June 2021. In the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity
                    transitioned to f ive operating segments: APAC, Americas, EMEA, Zip Business and Corporate. In order to
                    enhance comparability, the segment information for the year ended 30 June 2021 has been presented
                    under the f ive operating segments.
                    The operating segments may change in the future as the consolidated entity continues to re‑assess
                    its operating model, reporting systems, and the f inancial information presented to the CODM for
                    decision‑making purposes. The consolidated entity has the following operating segments and the
                    results of each segment are reported in the table that follows:

                        APAC               O ffers BNPL instalment products1 or line of credit products 2 to consumers in
                                           Australia, New Zealand and Singapore, and includes the consolidated entity’s
                                           Pocketbook operations.
                        Americas           O ffers BNPL instalment products to customers in the US, Canada, and Mexico.
                        EMEA               O ffers BNPL instalment products to customers in the UK, Europe, the Middle East
                                           and South Africa.
                        Zip Business       Provides unsecured loans and lines of credit to small and medium‑sized
                                           businesses in Australia and New Zealand.
                        Corporate          Comprises group expenses benef iting all segments and are either not directly
                                           attributable or allocated to a particular segment.

                    1. For instalment products, a customer makes the f irst instalment when the transactions happen and then repays the
                       remaining instalments typically over 6 weeks. These instalments are of equal value for each order and are interest‑f ree.
                    2. Line of credit products offer customers a f lexible customer loan that consists of a def ined amount of money that
                       customer can access as needed and repay either immediately or over time.




                    110 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED                   APAC      AMERICAS          EMEA ZIP BUSINESS       CORPORATE          TOTAL
                        30 JUNE 2022                           $’000        $’000          $’000       $’000           $’000          $’000

                        Revenue                            297,375       282,915         22,841         16,872              ‒     620,003
                        Cost of Sales1                     (200,471)    (226,992)        (29,178)      (12,321)             ‒    (468,962)
                        Gross Prof it                       96,904        55,923         (6,337)         4,551              ‒      151,041
                        Other income                            726              5          603              4            62         1,400
                        Operating expenses                 (111,833)     (178,201)      (43,635)      (12,090)      (44,262)     (390,021)
                        Effective interest charged
                        on convertible notes                      ‒              ‒             ‒             ‒      (29,929)       (29,929)
                        Global re‑branding
                        project costs                             ‒              ‒             ‒             ‒      (20,343)      (20,343)
                        Segment EBTDA
                        (excluding
                        reconciling items)                  (14,203)     (122,273)      (49,369)        (7,535)      (94,472)     (287,852)
                        Depreciation of
                        right‑of‑use assets                  (3,140)         (607)             ‒             ‒              ‒        (3,747)
                        Depreciation of PP&E                  (2,011)        (262)          (424)           (5)             ‒       (2,702)
                        Amortisation of intangibles         (12,135)      (42,275)        (6,615)        (1,171)            ‒      (62,196)
                        Segment loss before
                        income tax                          (31,489)     (165,417)      (56,408)         (8,711)     (94,472)    (356,497)
                        Reconciling corporate
                        items from operating
                        to statutory loss:
                        Share‑based payments                                                                                       (30,937)
                        Acquisition of
                        business costs                                                                                              (17,472)
                        Share of loss
                        of associates                                                                                               (8,348)
                        Fair value gain on
                        f inancial instruments                                                                                    128,960
                        Impairment loss                                                                                            (821,111)
                        Loss before income tax                                                                                  (1,105,405)

                    1. Cost of sales comprises Interest expense, Bad debts and expected credit losses, and Bank fees and data costs which
                       are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss.




                                                                                                                                            111
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                             AMERICAS                                                      TOTAL
                        FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED                     APAC       RESTATED*          EMEA ZIP BUSINESS        CORPORATE      RESTATED*
                        30 JUNE 2021                             $’000          $’000          $’000       $’000            $’000          $’000

                        Revenue                                214,117        167,100          1,798        10,904               ‒       393,919
                        Cost of sales1                       (135,827)      (121,050)         (3,624)        (6,312)             ‒      (266,813)
                        Gross Prof it                          78,290         46,050          (1,826)        4,592               ‒        127,106
                        Other income                               359             60             28               4             ‒            451
                        Operating expenses                   (102,688)       (98,476)        (11,584)        (9,271)       (9,608)      (231,627)
                        Effective interest charged
                        on convertible notes                          ‒              ‒              ‒              ‒       (10,168)       (10,168)
                        Segment EBTDA
                        (excluding reconciling items)         (24,039)       (52,366)       (13,382)         (4,675)       (19,776)     (114,238)
                        Depreciation of
                        right‑of‑use assets                     (2,918)        (1,012)              ‒              ‒              –       (3,930)
                        Depreciation of PP&E                    (1,763)              ‒           (70)             (9)            ‒         (1,842)
                        Amortisation of intangibles            (11,229)      (74,637)           (122)             (8)            ‒       (85,996)
                        Segment loss before
                        income tax                            (39,949)      (128,015)        (13,574)        (4,692)       (19,776)    (206,006)
                        Reconciling items
                        from operating
                        to statutory loss:
                        Share‑based payments                                                                                            (142,843)
                        Acquisition of
                        business costs                                                                                                    (9,938)
                        Share of loss
                        of associate                                                                                                         (753)
                        Fair value loss on
                        f inancial instruments                                                                                            (77,613)
                        Net adjustments relating
                        to acquisition of QuadPay                                                                                      (306,235)
                        Loss before income tax                                                                                          (743,388)

                    1. Cost of sales comprises Interest expense, Bad debts and expected credit losses, and Bank fees and data costs which
                       are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss.
                    * The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.




                    112 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 3. EXPENDITURE
                                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED*
                                                                                                                          $’000            $’000

                        Loss before income tax includes the following specif ic expenses:
                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses:
                        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                     2,702            1,842
                        Depreciation of right‑of‑use assets                                                                3,747          3,930
                        Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                             45,621          34,238
                        Write‑off of intangibles1                                                                              ‒         42,570
                        Amortisation of internally generated IT development and sof tware                                16,575            9,188
                        Total depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                    68,645            91,768

                        Corporate f inancing costs:
                        Effective interest charged on convertible notes                                                  29,929           10,168
                        Interest on leasing liabilities                                                                      161             244
                        Other f inance costs                                                                                873              384
                        Total corporate f inancing costs                                                                30,963            10,796

                        Other operating expenses:
                        Occupancy expense                                                                                  3,581           2,419
                        Acquisition of business costs                                                                     17,472          9,938
                        Other operating expenses (Restated*)                                                              54,171          33,107
                        Total other operating expenses (Restated*)                                                       75,224          45,464

                        Impairment of goodwill and intangibles:
                        Impairment of goodwill (Note 14)                                                               768,405                    ‒
                        Impairment of intangibles (Note 13)                                                              52,706                   ‒
                        Impairments                                                                                      821,111                  ‒

                        Fair value gain/loss on f inancial instruments:
                        Fair value (gain) loss on convertible notes and warrants (Note 5)                              (118,978)         82,049
                        Fair value (gain) on investment at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                (1,481)         (4,436)
                        Fair value (gain) on acquisition of associate (Note 4)                                            (8,501)                 ‒
                        Fair value (gain) loss on f inancial instruments                                              (128,960)           77,613

                    1. Relates to discontinuation of the QuadPay brand upon global rebranding to Zip.
                    * The comparative information is restated and re‑presented to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.




                                                                                                                                                  113
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 4. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                        PAYFLEX           TENDO       ZESTMONEY             SPOTII CONSOLIDATED
                                                                          $’000            $’000           $’000            $’000         $’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2021                             981           3,215                 ‒           2,810           7,006
                        Additional investments                                ‒           2,815          69,233                 ‒         72,048
                        Share of loss of associates                        (256)         (1,039)          (6,662)            (391)         (8,348)
                        Foreign exchange gain (loss)                         (61)            316          2,863                83           3,201
                        Fair value gain on
                        investment on acquisition                         5,012                ‒                ‒          3,489            8,501
                        Derecognition of
                        pre‑existing investment                         (5,676)                ‒                ‒          (5,991)        (11,667)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                               ‒           5,307          65,434                 ‒           70,741

                    The associates of the consolidated entity as at 30 June 2022 are detailed in the following table.
                    The associates listed below have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, which are held
                    directly by the consolidated entity’s controlled subsidiaries. The proportion of ownership interest is the
                    same as the proportion of voting rights held. The consolidated entity has accounted for investments
                    in associates using the equity method.

                                                                                                                      % OF OWNERSHIP INTEREST

                                         LOCATION OF INCORPORATION             LOCATION OF PRINCIPAL                30 JUNE 2022     30 JUNE 2021
                        ASSOCIATES       OF HOLDING COMPANY                    OF BUSINESS                                     %                %

                        Pay flex1        South Africa                          South Africa                             100.00%           26.25%
                        Tendo            Singapore                             Philippines                               35.00%           25.00%
                        Zest             Singapore                             India                                      10.20%                ‒
                        Spotii   2
                                         United Arab Emirates                  United Arab Emirates &
                                                                               Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                  100.00%           20.00%

                    1. Pay f lex was derecognised as an investment in an associate upon its acquisition by Zip as its f ully owned subsidiary
                       on 3 January 2022.
                    2. Spotii was derecognised as an investment in an associate upon its acquisition by Zip as its f ully owned subsidiary
                       on 18 October 2021.

                    PAYFLEX
                    On 3 January 2022, the consolidated entity acquired the remaining 73.75% of interest of Pay flex it did
                    not already own.
                    The consolidated entity derecognised the investment in associate and accounted for the acquisition
                    as described in Note 6.
                    Up to the date of acquisition, the consolidated entity recognised its share of loss of Pay flex amounting
                    to $0.3 million, a gain on the revaluation of Zip’s ownership interest in Pay flex of $5.0 million, and a
                    realised foreign exchange loss of $0.1 million.




                    114 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    TENDOPAY
                    At 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity held a 35% interest in TendoPay, being the 25% interest held
                    at 30 June 2021 and a further 10% interest acquired in December 2021 for an investment of $2.8 million
                    (US$2 million). The consolidated entity accounts for the investment in TendoPay as an associate due
                    to the consolidated entity’s ability to exercise signif icant influence.
                    For the year ended 30 June 2022, the share of loss of TendoPay was $1.0 million. An unrealised foreign
                    exchange gain of $0.3 million on the investment resulted in the carrying amount of the consolidated
                    entity’s investment in TendoPay being recorded at $5.3 million at 30 June 2022.
                    On investing in TendoPay in the previous f inancial year, the consolidated entity negotiated a conditional
                    right to increase its shareholding. The conditional right is not recognised in the consolidated entity’s
                    Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report based on the consideration of operational matters
                    in respect of exercising the conditional rights.

                    ZESTMONEY
                    On 23 September 2021, the consolidated entity invested $69.2 million (US$50.0 million) to acquire an
                    11.1% interest in Primrose Hill Ventures Pte Ltd, the parent company of ZestMoney, a provider of BNPL
                    services to consumers in India. The consolidated entity has accounted for the investment as an
                    associate due to the consolidated entity’s signif icant influence comprising board representation and
                    voting rights arising from this investment. The investment has been initially recorded at cost, being the
                    fair value upon acquisition of $69.2 million. The consolidated entity’s shareholding in ZestMoney diluted
                    from 11.1% to 10.2% at 30 June 2022, due to additional capital raised from other investors.

                    For the year ended 30 June 2022, the share of the loss of ZestMoney was $6.6 million. An unrealised
                    foreign exchange gain of $2.9 million on the investment resulted in the carrying amount of the
                    consolidated entity’s investment in ZestMoney being recorded at $65.4 million as at 30 June 2022.
                    Since 23 September 2021 to 30 June 2022, ZestMoney generated revenue of $36.7 million and loss
                    af ter tax of $60.5 million. At 30 June 2022. The total assets and total liabilities of ZestMoney were
                    $73.0 million and $49.7 million respectively, with net assets of $23.3 million.
                    The consolidated entity negotiated a conditional right to increase its shareholding in ZestMoney
                    when making its investment in September 2021. This conditional right is not being recognised in the
                    consolidated entity’s Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report due to both the regulatory and
                    other hurdles that need to be overcome in order to exercise the right. On 26 August 2022, Zip waived
                    the conditional right to increase its shareholding in relation to its investment in its associate ZestMoney.

                    SPOTII
                    On 18 October 2021, the consolidated entity acquired the remaining 80% of interest of Spotii it did not
                    already own.
                    The consolidated entity derecognised the investment in associate and accounted for the acquisition
                    as described in Note 6.
                    Up to the date of acquisition, the consolidated entity recognised its share of loss of Spotii amounting to
                    $0.4 million, a gain on the revaluation of Zip’s ownership interest in Spotii of $3.5 million, and a realised
                    foreign exchange gain of $0.1 million.




                                                                                                                               115
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 5. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ‒ CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND WARRANTS
                    RECONCILIATION OF FINANCIAL IMPACT OF ISSUE OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND
                    WARRANTS
                                                                                                                  TOTAL
                                                                                                              FINANCIAL
                                                               FINANCIAL                      FINANCIAL    LIABILITIES —
                                                              LIABILITY —     FINANCIAL      LIABILITY —   CONVERTIBLE     CONVERTIBLE
                                                               EMBEDDED      LIABILITY —       NET DEBT      NOTES AND        NOTES —
                                                              DERIVATIVE     WARRANTS              HOST      WARRANTS           EQUITY
                                                                    $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000         $’000

                        30 June 2020                                   ‒                ‒             ‒               ‒             ‒
                        Issued during the period                  21,698            17,210    338,840          377,748        114,466
                        Effective interest
                        on convertible notes                           ‒                ‒       10,168          10,168              ‒
                        Fair value loss recognised                38,945        43,104                ‒        82,049               ‒
                        30 June 2021                              60,643        60,314        349,008         469,965         114,466
                        Effective interest
                        on convertible notes                           ‒                ‒       29,929         29,929               ‒
                        Fair value gain recognised              (58,792)       (60,186)               ‒       (118,978)             ‒
                        30 June 2022                               1,851              128     378,937         380,916         114,466


                    CONVERTIBLE NOTES AND WARRANTS ISSUED ON 1 SEPTEMBER 2020
                                                                                                                               NUMBER
                                               ISSUE DATE             EXPIRY DATE               CONVERSION PRICE                ISSUED

                        Convertible Notes      1 September 2020       1 September 2025          See in this note                1,000
                        Warrants               1 September 2020       1 September 2023          See in this note           19,365,208

                    On 1 September 2020, Zip issued 1,000 convertible notes and 19,365,208 warrants to CVI Investments,
                    Inc. (CVI), an aff iliate of Heights Capital Management, which is part of the US‑based Susquehanna
                    International Group.
                    The convertible notes issued to CVI have a face value of $100,000 each. The convertible notes
                    have a maturity of 5 years from issue and bear interest payable semi‑annually at a f ixed amount of
                    $0.75 million. The conversion price of the convertible notes varies based on movements in Zip’s share
                    price subject to a floor and a ceiling price. The initial conversion price was $5.5328, representing a 50%
                    premium to the 1‑day volume weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the Australian Stock Exchange
                    (ASX) on 29 May 2020 (the last trading day prior to the announcement of the convertible note raising).
                    The conversion price resets semi‑annually to a price equal to 93% of the then prevailing current market
                    price of Zip’s shares on the ASX, subject to a minimum price of $1.8443 and a maximum price equal
                    to the initial conversion price of $5.5328.
                    As a result of the share issue by Zip on 4 March 2022 of 78,285,139 new shares at an issue price of
                    $1.90 per share under Zip’s fully underwritten placement to institutional, professional and sophisticated
                    investors, the conversion price of the convertible notes has been adjusted to $2.0215, effective as of
                    4 March 2022, pursuant to their terms.




                    116 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    At each Instalment date (commencing on the date falling 6 months af ter 1 September 2020 and every
                    6 months thereaf ter up to and including the maturity date on 1 September 2025), the noteholder has
                    the option to elect, in respect of $10.0 million of the convertible notes, together with any previously
                    deferred amounts and any accrued and unpaid interest, to either:
                    –   defer the conversion of the instalment amount to a later instalment date (up until the
                        maturity date);
                    –   subject to certain conditions being met, to convert the instalment amount into Zip’s shares; or
                    –   subject to certain conditions being met, to receive an amount of cash equal to the applicable
                        instalment amount due on such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest as at the applicable
                        instalment date.
                    During the year ended 30 June 2022, no convertible notes have been converted (year ended
                    30 June 2021: None).
                    The warrants issued to CVI were issued for nil cash consideration, have a 3‑year exercise period and
                    have a variable exercise price being the lower of $5.1639 and the price of any equity securities issued
                    by Zip (excluding issues for prescribed business as usual and agreed strategic transactions).
                    As a result of the share issue by Zip on 8 April 2022 of 16,206,961 new shares at an issue price of $1.48
                    per share under a share purchase plan to eligible Zip shareholders, the exercise price of the warrants
                    issued to CVI has been adjusted to $1.48, effective as of 8 April 2022, pursuant to their terms.
                    On initial recognition, the convertible notes included a debt component reported as a f inancial liability
                    measured at amortised cost, and a conversion option considered an embedded derivative measured
                    at FVTPL. The warrants issued to CVI are classif ied as f inancial liabilities measured at FVTPL.
                    The embedded derivative and the warrants have been revalued at 30 June 2022 in accordance
                    with Accounting Standard AASB 9 Financial Instruments. Following the revaluation at 30 June 2022,
                    the embedded derivative and warrants issued have been valued at fair values of $1.85 million and
                    $0.1 million respectively using the Black Scholes option valuation model. The fair values have been
                    based on a closing Zip’s share price at 30 June 2022 of $0.44, volatility of 60%, and a risk free rate of
                    3.0% for the embedded derivative, and 2.4% for the warrants. The different risk free rates reflect the
                    different expiry dates of the instruments.
                    A fair value gain of $119.0 million has been recorded, being the movement in the fair values of the
                    embedded derivative and warrants between 1 July 2021 and 30 June 2022 (fair value loss recognised
                    in the year ended 30 June 2021: $82.0 million).
                    Zip has reported a f inancial liability in relation to the underlying debt component of the convertible
                    notes of $73.6 million, being the carrying amount of $65.3 million at 30 June 2021 plus an effective
                    interest of $8.3 million recorded for the year ended 30 June 2022.




                                                                                                                                117
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    CONVERTIBLE NOTES ISSUED ON 23 APRIL 2021
                    Zip issued $400.0 million zero coupon senior convertible notes (Referred as Senior Convertible Notes)
                    on 23 April 2021, which are listed on the Singapore Securities Trading Exchange (SGX‑ST). The Senior
                    Convertible Notes have a 7‑year maturity with an option for investors to put the Senior Convertible Notes
                    back to Zip af ter 4 years at 109.36% of the principal amount. The yield is 2.25% per annum calculated
                    on a semi‑annual basis. At maturity, note holders have the option of converting the Senior Convertible
                    Notes into Zip’s ordinary shares at a share price of $12.39 (adjusted in accordance with standard
                    anti‑dilutive provisions) or redeeming the notes at 116.96% of the principal amount.
                    As a result of the share issue by Zip on 4 March 2022 of 78,285,139 new ordinary shares at an issue
                    price of $1.90 per share under Zip’s fully underwritten placement to eligible institutional, professional
                    and sophisticated investors, the conversion prices of the Senior Convertible Notes has been adjusted
                    to $12.0576, effective as of 4 March 2022, pursuant to their terms.
                    During the year ended 30 June 2022, no Senior Convertible Notes had been converted as 30 June 2022
                    (year ended 30 June 2021: None).
                    On initial recognition, the Senior Convertible Notes contained two components, a debt contract
                    and a separate conversion feature. The debt contract is classif ied as a f inancial liability measured
                    at amortised cost and the conversion feature is classif ied as equity in accordance with AASB 132.
                    The investor put option is not separated and is accounted for as part of the debt host contract at
                    amortised cost.
                    At 30 June 2022, Zip has reported a f inancial liability in relation to the underlying debt component
                    of the Senior Convertible Notes of $305.3 million, comprising the carrying value of debt component
                    of $283.7 million at 30 June 2021, and accrued effective interest of $21.6 million recorded in the year
                    ended 30 June 2022. The equity component of the Senior Convertible Notes remained at $114.5 million
                    at 30 June 2022, which is in accordance with AASB 9 in that Zip is not required to revalue the conversion
                    feature recorded as equity at each reporting date.


                    NOTE 6. ACQUISITIONS
                    A. SUMMARY OF ACQUISITION
                    Spotii
                    On 18 October 2021, the consolidated entity increased its ownership interest in Spotii Holdings Ltd
                    (“Spotii”), a leading technology‑enabled payments plat form operating in the Middle East to 100%,
                    acquiring the 80% of Spotii it did not already own. Upon acquisition, the consolidated entity acquired
                    a 100% interest in the following entities:
                    –    Spotii Holdings Ltd;
                    –    Spotii DMCC Ltd;
                    –    Spotii Arabia for Information Technology (KSA); and
                    –    Spotii Pakistan (SMC Private) Limited.
                    Total consideration of $21.6 million for the acquisition of Spotii comprised of:
                    –    2,850,412 new Zip shares issued, valued at $19.4 million, based on the agreed post valuation
                         enterprise value of $27.6 million (US$20.0 million); and
                    –    285,039 Zip shares issued from the Employee Share Trust, valued at $2.2 million, were paid to
                         Spotii’s employee share options plan.




                    118 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    The fair value of the tangible assets and liabilities of Spotii included in the net assets acquired were
                    considered to be equal to their pre‑acquisition book value, as described in this note. Intangible assets
                    were not recognised in Spotii prior to acquisition. In accordance with AASB 3, the fair values of
                    intangible assets were recognised, as detailed in the table in this note.

                    Twisto
                    On 12 November 2021, the consolidated entity increased its ownership interest in Twisto Payments A.S.
                    (Twisto), a leading high‑growth BNPL player in the Czech Republic and Poland to 100%, acquiring the
                    87.63% of Twisto it did not already own. Upon acquisition, the consolidated entity acquired a 100%
                    interest in the following entities:
                    –   Twisto Payments A.S;
                    –   Nikita Engine S.R.O;
                    –   Twisto FinCo S.R.O;
                    –   Twisto Polska Sp Z.O.O; and
                    –   Twisto Finco PL Sp. Z.O.O.
                    Total consideration of $135.3 million for the acquisition of Twisto comprised:
                    –   Cash consideration paid of $0.6 million;
                    –   17,454,987 new Zip shares issued, valued at $115.4 million, based on the agreed post valuation
                        adjusted enterprise value of $155.4 million (EUR€99.3 million); and
                    –   Holdback consideration of $19.3 million (EUR€12.5 million) for the purposes of satis f ying any claims
                        that may arise under the acquisition agreement which will be paid to the vendors by no later than
                        the four‑year anniversary of completion of the acquisition. The consideration is payable in new Zip
                        shares, up to a maximum of 4,550,000 shares, with the balance payable in cash, or subject to the
                        ASX listing rules, in shares. The shares will be issued at an issue price equal to Zip’s 30‑day VWAP
                        immediately prior to the date of issue, subject to a ‘minimum floor share price’ of $5.00 per share
                        and an ‘exchange rate cap’ of $1.82 per EU. As at 30 June 2022, there have been no claims made.
                    The fair value of the tangible assets and liabilities of Twisto included in the net assets acquired were
                    considered to be equal to their pre‑acquisition book value, as described in this note. In accordance
                    with AASB 3, the fair values of intangible assets were recognised upon acquisition, as detailed in the
                    table in this note.

                    Payflex
                    On 3 January 2022, the consolidated entity increased its ownership interest in Pay flex Proprietary
                    Limited (“Pay flex”), a provider of BNPL services in South Africa to 100%, acquiring 73.75% of Pay flex it did
                    not already own. Upon acquisition, the consolidated entity acquired 100% interest in the following entity:
                    –   Pay flex Proprietary Limited.




                                                                                                                               119
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Total consideration of $15.9 million (ZAR$184.4 million) for the acquisition of Pay flex comprised of:
                    –    Cash consideration of $6.5 million;
                    –    1,477,686 new Zip Co Limited shares issued, valued at $2.4 million, based on the agreed post
                         valuation enterprise value of $21.6 million (ZAR$250 million);
                    –    Contingent consideration of $6.4 million (ZAR$73.8 million), payable subject to the satis faction
                         of prescribed per formance milestones, which are based on growth targets relating to the
                         achievement of total transaction volumes and net transaction margins for the twelve months
                         per formance period ending 30 June 2022. The contingent consideration is, payable by the issue
                         of up to 1,053,608 Zip shares calculated on a 15‑day weighted average price of Zip’s shares
                         on the ASX prior to the date of issue, with the balance payable in cash. As at 30 June 2022,
                         Pay flex has achieved the per formance milestones and accordingly, the full amount will be
                         payable by 30 September 2022; and
                    –    Black Economic Entity (“BEE”) holdback amount of $0.6 million (ZAR$7.2 million), payable within
                         twelve months from the date of acquisition.
                    The fair value of the tangible assets and liabilities of Pay flex included in the net assets acquired were
                    considered to be equal to their pre‑acquisition book value, as described in this note. Intangible assets
                    were not recognised in Pay flex prior to acquisition. In accordance with AASB 3, the fair values of
                    intangible assets were recognised, as detailed in the table in this note.
                    The initial accounting for the acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex was provisionally determined
                    at their acquisition dates and f inally determined during the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022 which
                    is within the required measurement period outlined in AASB 3 Business Combinations. No adjustments
                    have been made to the initial accounting.
                    Management determined the acquisition dates as the dates on which the Company obtained control
                    over the acquired entities.
                    The amounts of revenue and prof it or loss of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex since the acquisition dates
                    are included in the Consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income in
                    the reporting period.
                    From the acquisition dates to 30 June 2022, the contribution of revenue to the consolidated entity’s
                    revenue from Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex was $2.6 million, $12.9 million and $2.7 million, respectively.
                    From the acquisition dates to 30 June 2022, the contribution of loss to the consolidated entity’s
                    loss before income tax from Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex was $6.9 million, $18.8 million and
                    $1.3 million, respectively.
                    If the acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex had been completed on the 1 July 2021, the contribution
                    of revenue to the consolidated entity’s revenue from Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex would have been
                    $3.0 million, $18.2 million and $4.3 million, respectively. If the acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex
                    had been completed on the 1 July 2021, the contribution of loss to the consolidated entity’s loss before
                    income tax from Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex would have been $8.1 million, $26.2 million and
                    $2.4 million, respectively.
                    Goodwill recognised on the acquisition of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex has been calculated as the
                    consideration trans ferred less the fair value of net assets acquired and reflected the growth potential,
                    market opportunities and talent resources of the acquired entities at the dates of acquisition.
                    Acquisition‑related costs totalling $2.1 million have been excluded from the consideration trans ferred.




                    120 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    Details of the acquisitions are as follows:

                                                                                        SPOTII       TWISTO      PAYFLEX
                                                                                      OCT 2021      NOV 2021    JAN 2022      TOTAL
                                                                                         $’000         $’000       $’000      $’000

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                           405       7,588       2,046      10,039
                        Restricted cash                                                        ‒      3,968           ‒       3,968
                        Customer receivables                                            9,078       45,632        2,654      57,364
                        Other receivables                                                   303       1,053          23       1,379
                        Plant, property and equipment                                          5          5          98         108
                        Trade and other payables                                        (1,277)       (2,416)      (573)     (4,266)
                        Borrowings                                                     (7,458)      (56,472)      (6,314)   (70,244)
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                               ‒          ‒        (683)       (683)
                        Acquired brand names and trademarks                                    ‒      6,273         769       7,042
                        Acquired customer database                                             ‒      1,538           ‒       1,538
                        Acquired transaction partner database                                  ‒        388        1,188      1,576
                        Acquired IT development and sof tware                           5,400       35,386        3,932      44,718
                        Goodwill1                                                      21,102       112,495      18,484     152,081
                        Acquisition date value of the
                        total consideration trans ferred                               27,558       155,438      21,624     204,620
                        Representing:
                        Zip Co Limited pre‑existing investment                          5,991        20,103       5,676      31,770
                        Zip Co Limited shares issued to vendor                         21,567       115,375       2,423     139,365
                        Zip Co Limited Holdback consideration                                  ‒     19,323           ‒      19,323
                        Zip Co Limited contingent consideration                                ‒          ‒       6,379       6,379
                        Zip Co Limited BEE Holdback amount                                     ‒          ‒         623        623
                        Cash paid to vendor                                                    ‒        637       6,523       7,160
                        Total                                                          27,558       155,438      21,624     204,620
                        Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of
                        cash acquired:
                        Cash paid to vendor                                                    ‒        637       6,523       7,160
                        Less: cash and cash equivalent acquired                             (405)   (11,556)     (2,046)    (14,007)
                        Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                   (405)    (10,919)     4,477      (6,847)

                    1. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purpose.




                                                                                                                                  121
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    B. ACQUISITION FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS
                    In accordance with the requirements of AASB 3 Business Combinations, Zip derecognised its investments
                    in Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex, and revalued these pre‑existing investments to their fair values on the
                    dates of acquisition, as determined by AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement. These revaluations were based
                    on an agreed post valuation enterprise value of $27.6 million (US$20.0 million) for Spotii, $155.4 million
                    (EUR€99.3 million) for Twisto, and $21.6 million (ZAR$250 million) for Pay flex. The increase in the
                    valuation and fair value gain of Zip’s pre‑existing investments are set out in the following tables:

                                                                                                                     OCT 2021
                        SPOTII                                                                                          $’000

                        Fair value of pre‑existing investment on acquisition                                            5,991
                        Less: carrying value of investment in associate pre‑acquisition                                (2,502)
                        Fair value gain on investment in associate on acquisition                                      3,489


                                                                                                                     NOV 2021
                        TWISTO                                                                                          $’000

                        Fair value of pre‑existing investment on acquisition                                          20,103
                        Less: carrying value of investment at FVTPL pre‑acquisition                                   (18,622)
                        Fair value gain on investment at FVTPL on acquisition                                           1,481


                                                                                                                     JAN 2022
                        PAYFLEX                                                                                         $’000

                        Fair value of pre‑existing investment on acquisition                                           5,676
                        Less: carrying value of investment in associate pre‑acquisition                                 (664)
                        Fair value gain on investment at FVTPL on acquisition                                           5,012




                    122 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 7. TAXATION
                    INCOME TAX BENEFIT
                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                           $’000           $’000

                        Numerical reconciliation of income tax benef it and tax
                        at the statutory rate
                        Loss before income tax benef it                                                              (1,105,405)       (743,388)
                        Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                            (331,621)          (223,016)
                        – Share‑based payments                                                                             1,494             5,663
                        – Non‑deductible expenses                                                                         11,209             3,673
                        – Non‑assessable fair value gain                                                                  (2,500)           (33,745)
                        – Goodwill impairment                                                                           243,604                  ‒
                        – Net adjustment relating to the acquisition of QuadPay                                                 ‒           124,773
                        – Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating
                          in other jurisdictions                                                                          16,959              9,138
                                                                                                                        (60,855)           (113,514)

                        Current year tax losses not recognised                                                           76,088             32,339
                        Movement in temporary differences not recognised                                                 (15,545)           15,935
                        Income tax benef it                                                                                 (312)          (65,240)

                    *    The comparative tax information is re‑presented due to the restatement of f inancial results for the year ended
                         30 June 2021. Please re fer to Note 28 for details of restatements.




                                                                                                                                                 123
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    DEFERRED INCOME TAX
                    The consolidated entity has recognised deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences and
                    tax losses to the extent required to equal deferred tax liabilities. Deferred tax assets and deferred
                    tax liabilities were off set in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position at 30 June 2021 and
                    at 30 June 2022, to the extent they are levied by the same taxing authority on the same entity or
                    different entities within a tax consolidated group.
                    Management will recognise the balance of the deferred tax assets on temporary differences and
                    from tax losses once the consolidated entity can demonstrate that it is probable the tax benef its
                    will be utilised within the foreseeable future.

                                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                           $’000           $’000

                        Deferred tax assets comprise temporary differences attributable to:
                        – Provision for expected credit losses                                                           45,967             33,451
                        – Other provision and payables                                                                    41,746           20,002
                        – Fair value movements on f inancial instruments                                                 (10,985)           24,615
                        Deferred tax assets comprise tax losses:                                                         119,672           43,348
                        Less: Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                                (157,353)          (80,556)
                        Deferred tax assets (recognised from temporary difference) before set off                         39,047           40,860
                        Set off deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set‑off provisions                                 (39,047)           (40,860)
                        Net deferred tax assets                                                                                 ‒                ‒
                        Deferred tax liabilities comprise temporary differences attributable to:
                        – Acquired intangibles and other                                                                 39,047            40,860
                        Deferred tax liabilities before set off                                                           39,047           40,860
                        Set off deferred tax assets pursuant to set‑off provisions                                      (39,047)           (40,860)
                        Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                            ‒                ‒

                    *    The comparative tax information is re‑presented due to the restatement of f inancial results for the year ended
                         30 June 2021. Please re fer to Note 28 for details of restatements.




                    124 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 8. LOSS PER SHARE
                    A. RECONCILIATION OF EARNINGS USED IN CALCULATING LOSS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000

                        Loss attributable to the owners of the consolidated entity
                        used in calculating basic and diluted loss per share                                      (1,105,093)       (678,148)


                    B. WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES USED AS THE DENOMINATOR
                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                        ’000            ’000

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
                        denominator in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share                             609,679         514,034


                    C. BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE
                                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                      CENTS            $’000

                        Basic loss per share                                                                         (181.26)        (131.93)
                        Diluted loss per share1                                                                      (181.26)        (131.93)

                    1. As the consolidated entity reported losses for the year ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, no dilutive shares have
                       been included in the EPS calculation.
                    * The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.


                    NOTE 9. CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                       $’000           $’000

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   241,326         289,212
                        Restricted cash                                                                              58,369          40,989
                        Total                                                                                       299,695         330,201

                    At 30 June 2022 the consolidated entity had total cash of $299.7 million of which $58.4 million was
                    restricted cash (30 June 2021: total cash of $330.2 million of which $41.0 million was restricted cash).
                    Cash held in corporate accounts, considered as unrestricted, includes amounts subsequently remitted
                    to securitisation warehouses and special purpose vehicles post year end (30 June 2022: $33.8 million;
                    30 June 2021: $22.9 million). Restricted cash is held by the securitisation warehouses and special
                    purpose vehicles and is not available to pay creditors of the consolidated entity.




                                                                                                                                              125
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    RECONCILIATION OF LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX TO NET CASH FROM
                    OPERATING ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                            30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                             30 JUNE 2022      RESTATED*
                                                                                                    $’000          $’000

                        Loss af ter income tax benef it for the year                          (1,105,093)      (678,148)
                        Adjustments for:
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                    68,645           91,768
                        Share‑based payments                                                     30,937        142,843
                        Share of loss of associate                                                 8,348            753
                        Fair value movements on f inancial instruments and investments          (128,960)         77,613
                        Net adjustment relating to the acquisition of QuadPay                          ‒       306,235
                        Effective interest charged on convertible notes                          29,929           10,168
                        Impairment of goodwill and intangibles                                    821,111             ‒
                        Transaction costs on f inancial instruments                                    ‒          1,236
                        Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                        Movement in customer receivables                                       (490,852)      (795,383)
                        Increase in other receivables                                            (40,213)      (23,392)
                        Increase in other payables                                                51,247          41,163
                        Increase in employee provisions                                            2,980          3,188
                        Movement in deferred tax balances                                           (497)      (65,959)
                        Net cash from operating activities                                      (752,418)      (887,915)

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.


                    NOTE 10. OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                            30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                             30 JUNE 2022      RESTATED*
                                                                                                    $’000          $’000

                        Amounts due from payment plat form providers                             38,232           3,436
                        Prepayments                                                               11,005          11,360
                        Accrued Income                                                            12,785          11,614
                        Other receivables                                                         10,813          3,785
                        Total                                                                    72,835          30,195

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.




                    126 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 11. CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES
                    AASB 9 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                    Under AASB 9, customer receivables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequently, they are
                    classif ied and measured at amortised cost as:
                    –   The consolidated entity provides accounts with lines of credit and instalments products to
                        customers, and the business model is to hold such accounts and collect contractual cash flows
                        until the account is closed. There have been no historic sales and there are no current plans to
                        sell the accounts for fair value gains; and
                    –   The contractual terms of the accounts give rise on specif ied dates to cash flows that are solely
                        payments of principal and “effective interest” and when providing lines of credit permit customers
                        to vary the dates and frequency of payments.

                    IMPAIRMENT
                    AASB 9 requires recognition of expected credit losses based on unbiased forward‑looking information
                    and is applicable to all f inancial assets at amortised cost and loan commitments. The guidance requires
                    assets to be classif ied into the following three stages:
                    –   Stage 1: instruments that have not had a signif icant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                        or that have low credit risk at the reporting date. For these assets, 12‑month expected credit
                        losses (ECL) are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated on the gross carrying
                        amount of the asset. Twelve‑month ECL are the expected credit losses that result from default
                        events that are expected within twelve months af ter the reporting date.
                    –   Stage 2: instruments that have experienced a signif icant increase in credit risk since initial
                        recognition but that do not have objective evidence of impairment. For these assets, lifetime ECL
                        are recognised, but “effective interest” revenue is still calculated on the gross carrying amount of
                        the asset. Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events
                        over the expected life of the f inancial instrument.
                    –   Stage 3: includes f inancial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.
                        For these assets, lifetime ECL are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated on the
                        net carrying amount.

                    EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES
                    The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                    (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted based on forward‑looking
                    information as described in this note. The exposure at default is estimated on gross customer receivables
                    at the reporting date, adjusted for expected repayments and future drawdowns up to the point the
                    exposure is expected to be in default.

                    SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN CREDIT RISK SINCE INITIAL RECOGNITION
                    The provisioning model utilises customer receivables 30 days past due for its line of credit products
                    or 14 days past due for its instalment products as criteria to identif y signif icant increases in credit risk.




                                                                                                                                 127
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    DEFINITION OF DEFAULT AND CREDIT ‒ IMPAIRED ASSETS
                    Where there has been objective evidence of impairment for a customer receivable, the allowance
                    will be based on lifetime expected credit losses. A customer receivable will be considered in default at
                    90 days past due for its line of credit products or 42 days past due for its instalments products, and/or
                    when the consolidated entity is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amount in full based on
                    internal or external indicators.

                    WRITE‑OFF POLICY
                    The consolidated entity’s policy is to write off balances that are outstanding for over 180 days for its line
                    of credit products or 84 days for its instalment products, in accordance with historical experience and
                    industry practice. The consolidated entity’s instalment product has a short‑term duration for customer
                    repayments, typically 42 days.

                    PROVISIONING MODEL
                    In determining the appropriate level of provision for expected credit losses, the consolidated entity
                    has considered receivables attributable to each of its product offerings separately and also aggregated
                    by segment in this note.
                    For each classif ication of receivable, the consolidated entity has applied historic roll rates (the
                    percentage of receivables that move into the next ageing bucket), averaged over a twelve‑month
                    period, to the credit limits of those customers that are considered current and to the respective
                    receivable balances for those customers accounts over 30 days past due.
                    Accordingly, under the requirements of AASB 9, a provision has been recognised for per forming
                    customer receivables to the extent that expected lifetime losses emerge within a twelve‑month period
                    by applying historical roll rates to the credit facility limits. For customers overdue, historical roll rates are
                    applied to the overdue balances over the expected life of the credit facility to determine an amount of
                    expected credit losses.
                    In the assessment of the provision for expected credit losses at 30 June 2022 management took into
                    consideration all available information relevant to the assessment, including information about past
                    events, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable information about future events
                    and economic conditions at the report date.

                    PROVISION OVERLAY
                    An allowance for debt recoveries is applied to the resulting estimated exposure at default and an
                    economic overlay is added to include forward‑looking macro‑economic and regulatory factors
                    (including GDP, unemployment rate, and inflation rate) and modelling risks.
                    Forward‑looking information considered in assessing macroeconomic scenarios included economic
                    reports published by f inancial analysts, governmental bodies, or other similar organisations, including
                    assessments of the outlook for the Australian and global economies that the consolidated entity
                    operates in.
                    In the assessment of expected credit losses at 30 June 2022 and at 30 June 2021, management
                    considered base, good and bad scenarios, applying a weighted probability when determining the
                    reported ECL. The base scenario was assessed by applying the actual per formance of the customer
                    receivable book. The good and bad scenarios were assessed by applying upside/downside movements
                    to key variables which could have a signif icant impact on the credit risk. These variables include the
                    probability of default, loss given default, the rate of customer repayments, the customer repayment
                    lifecycle and the bad debts recovery rate. The movement in these variables was supported by
                    modelling macroeconomic scenarios based on forward‑looking information.




                    128 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    COVID‑19 CONSIDERATION
                    As at 30 June 2022 and at 30 June 2021, the impact of COVID‑19 still existed and its impact was
                    considered in the assessment of the economic overlay.

                    PROVISION OVERVIEW
                    From 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2022, the provision for expected credit losses increased by $53.8 million
                    (including $10.3 million taken on the acquisitions of Spotii, Twisto and Pay flex), which was primarily
                    driven by the $600.7 million increase in the value of receivables across the consolidated entity’s
                    operating segments.
                    The consolidated entity believes that the provision for expected credit losses, in accordance with
                    AASB 9, is suff icient to address any potential write‑off s arising from the current economic environment.
                    Customer receivables are shown net of unearned future income and the provision for expected credit
                    losses. The difference between fees and interest booked to customers’ accounts and port folio interest
                    income is reported as unearned future income in the f inancial statements. The following table
                    summarises customer receivables as at the reporting dates:

                                                                                                                               ZIP
                                                                           APAC1       AMERICAS             EMEA         BUSINESS CONSOLIDATED
                                                                           $’000          $’000             $’000           $’000        $’000

                        Customer receivable                          2,264,577          231,313           84,423          104,261       2,684,574
                        Unearned future income                           (8,682)             (7,545)          (34)               ‒         (16,261)
                        Provision for expected
                        credit losses                                   (116,716)       (29,158)          (8,755)          (5,560)        (160,189)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                       2,139,179         194,610           75,634           98,701       2,508,124

                    1. The customer receivables information is presented in line with the classification of the consolidated entity’s operating
                       segments. The instalments products customer receivables in APAC segment comprise 0.6% of the total customer
                       receivables presented in APAC segment. Refer to Note 2 for description of the consolidated entity’s instalments
                       and line of credit products.

                                                                                                                               ZIP
                                                                           APAC        AMERICAS             EMEA         BUSINESS CONSOLIDATED
                                                                           $’000          $’000             $’000           $’000        $’000

                        Customer receivable (Restated*)              1,808,483          200,732            4,998          69,683       2,083,896
                        Unearned future income                           (13,163)            (8,307)         (107)               ‒         (21,577)
                        Provision for expected
                        credit losses                                   (82,021)        (19,998)           (1,346)         (3,007)       (106,372)
                        Balance at 30 June 2021
                        (Restated*)                                   1,713,299         172,427            3,545           66,676       1,955,947

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.




                                                                                                                                                  129
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    The following table summarises reconciliations of provision for expected credit losses in the
                    reporting periods:

                                                                                        AMERICAS                        ZIP
                                                                           APAC        RESTATED*         EMEA     BUSINESS CONSOLIDATED
                                                                           $’000           $’000         $’000       $’000        $’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2020                          48,150                  ‒          10      3,859        52,019
                        Taken on acquisitions                                  ‒             5,002                      ‒        5,002
                        Provided for the period                          69,799          58,166          2,749        809       131,523
                        Receivables written‑off
                        during the period                               (40,135)        (44,670)        (1,442)     (1,700)     (87,947)
                        Recoveries during the period                      4,207              1,500         29          39         5,775
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                          82,021          19,998         1,346       3,007       106,372
                        Taken on acquisitions                                  ‒                 ‒     10,328           ‒        10,328
                        Provided for the period                         121,505         128,842        18,046        7,713      276,106
                        Receivables written‑off
                        during the period                               (96,873)       (124,678)       (16,595)    (5,463)    (243,609)
                        Recoveries during the period                     10,150              3,275        930         371        14,726
                        Effect of movements in
                        foreign exchange rates                               (87)             1,721    (5,300)        (68)       (3,734)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                          116,716         29,158         8,755       5,560       160,189

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The consolidated entity’s customer receivable balances are predominately high volume low
                    value advances to individual customers. The following tables provides information about customer
                    receivables classif ied into Stage 1 to Stage 3 and the provision provided for expected credit losses for
                    each stage. As the consolidated entity’s customer receivables are short‑term in nature, the staging
                    trans fer disclosures have not been provided.

                                                                                                                        ZIP
                                                                           APAC        AMERICAS          EMEA     BUSINESS CONSOLIDATED
                                                                           $’000          $’000          $’000       $’000        $’000

                        CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES
                        Stage 1                                      2,120,690          188,408        76,543     94,983      2,480,624
                        Stage 2                                        104,083           25,849          4,641      6,016      140,589
                        Stage 3                                         39,804               17,056     3,239       3,262        63,361
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                      2,264,577          231,313        84,423     104,261     2,684,574
                        PROVISION FOR EXPECTED
                        CREDIT LOSSES
                        Stage 1                                         (40,572)         (14,801)       (2,513)    (2,853)      (60,739)
                        Stage 2                                         (48,479)             (4,716)    (3,218)    (1,428)      (57,841)
                        Stage 3                                         (27,665)             (9,641)    (3,024)     (1,279)     (41,609)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                         (116,716)       (29,158)        (8,755)    (5,560)     (160,189)




                    130 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                                                        AMERICAS                              ZIP
                                                                           APAC        RESTATED*             EMEA       BUSINESS CONSOLIDATED
                                                                           $’000           $’000             $’000         $’000        $’000

                        GROSS CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES
                        Stage 1                                       1,703,201          170,301            2,868           67,574      1,943,944
                        Stage 2                                          83,612          22,976             1,495            1,198         109,281
                        Stage 3                                          21,670              7,455            635              911          30,671
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                      1,808,483          200,732             4,998        69,683         2,083,896
                        PROVISION FOR EXPECTED
                        CREDIT LOSSES
                        Stage 1                                         (26,537)         (9,805)             (687)           (1,791)      (38,820)
                        Stage 2                                         (40,289)             (3,218)         (253)           (823)        (44,583)
                        Stage 3                                          (15,195)            (6,975)         (406)           (393)        (22,969)
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                         (82,021)        (19,998)           (1,346)          (3,007)       (106,372)

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The following table provides information about customer receivables by payment past due status.
                    Figures presented in the table differ from the staging table as the staging table is based on the
                    assessment of credit risk which includes, but is not limited to past due status.

                                                                                                             CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                              % OF                            % OF
                                                                                    30 JUNE 2022         CUSTOMER    30 JUNE 2021        CUSTOMER
                                                                                           $’000       RECEIVABLES          $’000      RECEIVABLES

                        Past due under 30 days                                               85,311            3%           66,717              3%
                        Past due 31 days to under 60 days                                41,386                2%         30,010                1%
                        Past due 61 to under 90 days                                     32,269                1%        20,908                 1%
                        Past due 91 to under 180 days                                    44,984                2%           22,317              1%

                    The following table shows customer receivables and provision for expected losses presented based
                    on the location of origination:

                                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2022         RESTATED*
                        CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES                                                                                $’000             $’000

                        Australia                                                                                     2,328,855          1,847,486
                        New Zealand                                                                                      39,984            30,680
                        Americas (RESTATED*)                                                                             231,313          200,732
                        United Kingdom                                                                                       1,686           4,998
                        United Arab Emirates                                                                                13,570               ‒
                        Czech Republic and Poland                                                                        64,340                  ‒
                        South Africa                                                                                        4,826                ‒
                        Balance                                                                                       2,684,574         2,083,896

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.




                                                                                                                                                 131
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                        PROVISION FOR EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES                                              $’000           $’000

                        Australia                                                                      (120,741)      (83,589)
                        New Zealand                                                                     (1,535)         (1,424)
                        Americas                                                                       (29,158)        (19,691)
                        United Kingdom                                                                    (680)         (1,668)
                        United Arab Emirates                                                            (1,653)              ‒
                        Czech Republic and Poland                                                       (6,140)              ‒
                        South Africa                                                                      (282)              ‒
                        Balance                                                                       (160,189)       (106,372)

                    Zip APAC, Zip AMERICAs and Zip EMEA customer receivables are consumer based in nature and industry
                    classif ication is not applicable.
                    The following table shows Zip Business customer receivables presented in their industry classif ication:

                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                        CUSTOMER RECEIVABLES                                                              $’000           $’000

                        Advertising                                                                        483              68
                        Architecture                                                                       143              74
                        Agriculture                                                                      2,416           2,721
                        Construction                                                                    15,491           6,071
                        Education                                                                        1,085              64
                        Financial                                                                        3,005           2,523
                        Hospitality                                                                          ‒            205
                        Manufacturing                                                                   12,683          9,886
                        Retail                                                                          28,016          19,246
                        Services                                                                        28,485          18,548
                        Telecommunications                                                                   ‒              50
                        Transportation                                                                   3,983           3,103
                        Wholesale                                                                        8,420           7,124
                        Mining                                                                              51               ‒
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                        104,261         69,683




                    132 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 12. INVESTMENTS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2022
                                                                                                                            $’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                           19,034
                        Fair value gain on revaluation                                                                     1,481
                        Foreign exchange loss                                                                                 (412)
                        Derecognition on acquisition of Twisto                                                           (20,103)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                 ‒

                    At 30 June 2021, the investment in Twisto was recorded as an investment measured at FVTPL at
                    $19.0 million, which represented the fair value of Zip’s 12.37% interest in Twisto. At the time of Zip’s
                    acquisition of the remaining 87.63% interest in Twisto, Zip’s existing investment was de‑cognised as
                    Zip obtained control over Twisto at the acquisition date of 12 November 2021. Twisto became a fully
                    owned subsidiary of the consolidated entity from this date, with its f inancial position and prof it and
                    loss consolidated into the consolidated entity.
                    Up to the date of acquisition, the consolidated entity reported a gain on the revaluation of Zip’s
                    ownership interest in Twisto. The gain on revaluation of $1.1 million includes a fair value gain of
                    $1.5 million and a foreign exchange loss of $0.4 million in translating the investment from EUR to AUD.
                    The consolidated entity derecognised the investment at FVTPL and accounted for the acquisition
                    as described in Note 6.


                    NOTE 13. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2022   30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                             $’000          $’000

                        Carrying amounts
                        Brand names and trademarks                                                           855               80
                        Customer database                                                                     619          1,026
                        Transacting partner database                                                       58,874        69,846
                        IT development and sof tware                                                     132,002         132,867
                                                                                                         192,350        203,819




                                                                                                                                133
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   IT
                                                                   BRAND                 TRANSACTING    DEVELOPMENT
                                                               NAMES AND     CUSTOMER        PARTNER             AND
                                                              TRADEMARKS     DATABASE       DATABASE       SOFTWARE        TOTAL
                        CONSOLIDATED                                $’000        $’000         $’000           $’000       $’000

                        Cost
                        Balance at 30 June 2020                      298        2,122          1,472          37,129      41,021
                        Taken on acquisition                      42,570            ‒        84,655          129,191    256,416
                        Additions                                      ‒            ‒             ‒          12,220      12,220
                        Written off                              (42,570)           ‒             ‒                ‒    (42,570)
                        Effect of movements in
                        foreign exchange rates                         ‒            ‒         (1,847)         (2,758)    (4,605)
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                      298        2,122        84,280         175,782     262,482
                        Taken on business combinations             7,042        1,538          1,576          44,718     54,874
                        Additions                                      ‒            ‒             ‒          28,672      28,672
                        Effect of movements in
                        foreign exchange rates                         17           ‒         7,598          16,263      23,878
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                    7,357        3,660        93,454        265,435      369,906

                                                                                                                   IT
                                                                   BRAND                 TRANSACTING    DEVELOPMENT
                                                               NAMES AND     CUSTOMER        PARTNER             AND
                                                              TRADEMARKS     DATABASE       DATABASE       SOFTWARE        TOTAL
                        CONSOLIDATED                                $’000        $’000         $’000           $’000       $’000

                        Accumulated amortisation
                        and impairment losses
                        Balance at 30 June 2020                      (170)       (621)         (265)         (14,872)   (15,928)
                        Additions                                    (48)        (475)       (14,477)       (28,426)    (43,426)
                        Effect of movements in
                        foreign exchange rates                         ‒            ‒           308             383         691
                        Balance at 30 June 2021                     (218)      (1,096)       (14,434)        (42,915)   (58,663)
                        Additions                                      (9)       (612)       (17,419)        (44,156)   (62,196)
                        Impairment                                (6,273)      (1,333)         (366)        (44,734)    (52,706)
                        Effects of movements in
                        foreign exchange rates                         (2)          ‒         (2,361)         (1,628)     (3,991)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                   (6,502)      (3,041)      (34,580)       (133,433)    (177,556)




                    134 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation:
                    Internally generated intangibles:
                    –      IT development and sof tware 2.5 years.
                    Acquired intangibles:
                    –      Brand names indef inite and trademarks 1 to 5 years;
                    –      Customer database 4 to 5 years;
                    –      Transacting partner database 4 to 11 years; and
                    –      IT development and sof tware 5 to 6 years.
                    The impairment assessment of intangible assets is detailed in Note 14.


                    NOTE 14. GOODWILL
                    The consolidated entity has eight cash‑generating units (CGUs) at 30 June 2022 as set out in the
                    following table. Goodwill has been allocated to these CGUs.

                                                                       ZIP                              ZIP                                  CONSOLI –
                                             ZIP AU    ZIP US1   NZ & UK2     ZIP UK2   ZIP NZ2   BUSINESS    SPOTII1   TWISTO1    PAYFLEX      DATED
                        CONSOLIDATED         $’000      $’000       $’000      $’000     $’000       $’000     $’000      $’000      $’000      $’000

                        Balance at
                        30 June 2021         4,548    719,463    46,838            ‒         ‒       2,112         ‒         ‒          ‒     772,961
                        Reallocation
                        of goodwill              ‒          ‒    (46,838)    44,678     2,160            ‒         ‒         ‒          ‒           ‒
                        Add: amount
                        recognised on
                        acquisitions             ‒          ‒           ‒          ‒         ‒           ‒    21,102    112,495    18,484     152,081
                        Impairment               ‒ (589,262)            ‒    (44,678)    (868)           ‒    (21,102) (112,495)        ‒ (768,405)
                        Effect of
                        movements in
                        foreign exchange
                        rates                    ‒    65,605            ‒          ‒       (58)          ‒         ‒         ‒        560      66,107
                        Balance at
                        30 June 2022         4,548    195,806           ‒          ‒    1,234        2,112         ‒         ‒     19,044    222,744

                    1. QuadPay and Urge operations are considered as Zip US CGU for impairment assessment purposes. During the year ended
                       30 June 2022, Zip acquired Spotii, Twisto and Pay f lex. Spotii, Twisto and Pay f lex operate under separate management
                       teams and the cash f lows are independent. Management have determined that Spotii, Twisto and Pay f lex are
                       separate CGUs.
                    2. Zip NZ & UK were acquired as part of the acquisition of PartPay and were considered as one CGU for impairment
                       assessment purposes at 30 June 2021. From 1 July 2021, management started to monitor Zip UK under the EMEA
                       segment and to monitor Zip NZ under the Asia Pacif ic segment, and goodwill was reallocated between the
                       Zip UK CGU and the Zip NZ CGU.




                                                                                                                                                   135
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT FOR GOODWILL, INCLUDING INTANGIBLE ASSETS:
                    A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when
                    there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
                    allocated to each of the Group’s cash‑generating units (or groups of cash‑generating units) expected
                    to benef it from the synergies of the combination.
                    Zip UK and Zip NZ businesses now both have a separate active market that generates independent
                    cash inflows, and operate on different technology plat forms. On this basis, management have split
                    out Zip UK and Zip NZ as separate CGUs commencing 1 July 2021.
                    As at 30 June 2022, for each of the consolidated entity’s CGUs, the recoverable amount has been
                    calculated based on value‑in‑use using free cash flow to equity (FCFE) projections covering a
                    f ive‑year period, including tax expense where relevant and f inancing costs, and then applying a
                    discount rate comprising a cost of equity. Cash flow projections during the forecast period are based
                    on the forecast revenue and transaction volume growth. Except Zip UK, Twisto and Spotii CGUs which
                    incurred full impairment charges, cash flows beyond the f ive‑year period for the remaining CGUs have
                    been extrapolated using a steady long‑term annual growth rate which did not exceed the long‑term
                    average for the sectors and economies in which the CGUs operate. The steady long‑term growth rate
                    was estimated by the directors based on past per formance of each cash‑generating unit and the
                    growth expectations for the markets in which they operate.
                    Cash flow projections during the forecast period are based on forecast revenue growth arising from
                    increasing total transaction volumes for the Zip AU, Zip NZ, Zip UK, Zip US, Spotii, Twisto, and Pay flex
                    CGUs, and future originations for the Zip Business CGU. Forecast increases in gross margin and operating
                    costs have been included to support the forecast growth in volumes. The impact of COVID‑19, inflation
                    and interest rates on the markets in which the CGUs operate has been considered in determining
                    the forecasts.

                    ZIP UK CGU, SPOTII CGU AND TWISTO CGU
                    During the consolidated entity’s annual impairment assessment process, management reviewed
                    and revised its strategic priorities to increase its focus on sustainable growth and prof itability in
                    core markets. The revision included an assessment of the availability of capital, an evaluation of the
                    allocation of capital to ensure it was being allocated to the most signif icant opportunities for prof itable
                    growth, and a review of Zip’s global presence and opportunities to right‑size its global cost base.
                    To deliver optimal returns in the short to medium term, management have made the decision to
                    reduce the allocation of capital available to drive growth across the UK, Spotii and Twisto, reducing
                    growth rates and subsequent cashflows from those CGUs. Consequently, the recoverable amount for
                    the UK, Spotii and Twisto CGUs was signif icantly less than their carrying amount. In accordance with
                    AASB 136 Impairment of Assets, the consolidated entity has fully impaired the carrying amount of
                    goodwill and intangibles recognised from the acquisition of the UK, Spotii and Twisto.

                    ZIP NZ CGU AND ZIP US CGU
                    Following the review of market conditions and the availability of capital, management have reduced
                    forecast growth rates and cash flows across the US and New Zealand. The reduced forecast growth
                    rates and cash flows resulted in a lower recoverable amount than the carrying value. Consequently,
                    a goodwill impairment charge of $0.87 million and $589.3 million was recorded for the Zip NZ CGU
                    and the Zip US CGU respectively.




                    136 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    ZIP AU CGU, ZIP BUSINESS CGU AND PAYFLEX CGU
                    For the Zip AU, Zip Business and Pay flex CGUs, the carrying amount does not exceed the recoverable
                    amount therefore no impairment of goodwill and intangible assets at 30 June 2022 has been recorded.
                    Key rates included in the current f inancial year impairment assessment are set out in the
                    following table:

                                                                          ZIP AU          ZIP NZ           ZIP US    ZIP BUSINESS            PAYFLEX
                        AT 30 JUNE 2022                                        %               %                %               %                  %

                        Discount rate ‒ post tax 1                        12.7%           13.0%            12.5%           12.7%              24.6%
                        Long‑term annual growth rate                       2.5%            2.5%             4.0%            2.5%               4.0%

                    1. Management have used a post‑tax discount rate applied to post‑tax cash f lows to be aligned with how valuation
                       practitioners would ordinarily undertake such an exercise. Pre‑tax discount rates used in the prior f inancial year
                       impairment assessment were 11.1% for Zip AU CGU, 20.1% for Zip NZ CGU, 20.1% for Zip US CGU and 29.6% for
                       Zip Business CGU, respectively.
                    No impairment charge was reported in the f inancial year ended 30 June 2021.

                    SENSITIVITY TO CHANGES IN ASSUMPTIONS
                    For CGUs that are not assessed to be impaired, management have conducted an analysis of the
                    sensitivity of the impairment test to changes in the key assumptions used to determine the recoverable
                    amount for each of the group of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. Forecast transaction volumes are
                    the key drivers in determining the cash flow projections for each CGU. In the event that transaction
                    volumes do not reach the levels forecast there is a risk that the forecast cash flows are not suff icient
                    to support the carrying value of goodwill and an impairment charge may be reported in a future
                    accounting period.
                    The percentage reduction in the forecast compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in transaction volumes
                    over the f ive‑year forecast period, or increase in discount rate, or decrease in long‑term growth rate,
                    that would reduce the excess of the recoverable amount over the carrying amount for each CGU to
                    zero, but would not result in an impairment charge, is summarised in the following table:

                                                                                                           ZIP AU    ZIP BUSINESS            PAYFLEX
                        AT 30 JUNE 2022                                                                         %               %                  %

                        Percentage reduction in the forecast
                        CAGR of transaction volumes                                                       26.5%            22.6%               1.3%
                        Increase in discount rate %                                                      124.7%            18.0%               0.7%
                        Decrease in long‑term annual growth rate %                                          N/A 1            N/A 1              1.4%

                    1. For Zip AU and Zip Business CGUs, reducing the long‑term annual growth rate to zero would not result in an impairment
                       charge for these CGUs.
                    The additional impairment charge which would result from the percentage reduction in the forecast
                    compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in transaction volumes over the f ive‑year forecast period,
                    or decrease in long‑term annual growth rate, is summarised in the following table:

                                                                                                                           ZIP US             ZIP NZ
                        AT 30 JUNE 2022                                                                                    $’000              $’000

                        Percentage reduction in the forecast
                        CAGR of transaction volumes ‒ 1%                                                                   3,864                 93
                        Increase in discount rate ‒ 1%                                                                   39,895                 434
                        Decrease in long‑term annual growth rate – 1%                                                    28,870                 292




                                                                                                                                                  137
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                  30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2022      RESTATED*
                                                                                                          $’000          $’000

                        Trade payables                                                                 34,830          36,663
                        Amounts due to merchants and other partners                                     75,253          17,206
                        Other                                                                          30,464           3,988
                        Total                                                                          140,547         57,857

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.


                    NOTE 16. DEFERRED CONSIDERATION
                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                         $’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                         6,990
                        Issue of shares                                                                                (6,990)
                        Addition                                                                                       26,325
                        Unrealised foreign exchange impact                                                                (141)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                        26,184


                    PARTPAY DEFERRED CONSIDERATION
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of PartPay Limited (acquired in October 2019), Zip agreed to issue
                    up to a maximum of NZ$15.0 million of deferred consideration in Zip shares or cash to the PartPay
                    shareholders, subject to the achievement of minimum transaction volumes on the PartPay plat form
                    during the f inancial years 2020 and 2021.
                    The number of Zip’s shares to be issued is calculated on the higher of $2.76 per Zip’s share and a
                    5% discount to the volume weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the ASX in the 10 trading days
                    prior to the date of issue.
                    PartPay satisfied the per formance milestones in the financial year 2020 and accordingly 1,091,742 shares
                    were issued to the PartPay shareholders on 14 October 2020, valued at $7.0 million. Consequently the
                    balance of the contingent consideration was reduced to $7.0 million as at 30 June 2021.
                    PartPay satis f ied the remaining per formance milestones in the f inancial year 2021 and accordingly
                    1,091,499 shares were issued to the PartPay shareholders on 18 October 2021, valued at $7.0 million,
                    which reduced the balance of the contingent consideration to nil.




                    138 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    TWISTO HOLDBACK CONSIDERATION
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of Twisto, consideration of $19.3 million (EUR€12.5 million) was held
                    back for the purposes of satis f ying any claims that may arise under the acquisition agreement, to be
                    settled through the issue of new ordinary shares in Zip subject to a maximum issuance of 4,550,000
                    shares (Holdback Consideration), with the balance payable in cash, or subject to the ASX listing rules,
                    in shares. If no claims have been made by the end of the one‑year anniversary of completion, Zip has
                    60 days to issue these Zip Shares. If a claim has been made and has not been Finally determined or
                    resolved by the end of the one‑year anniversary of completion, Zip has up to no later than four years
                    af ter the anniversary of completion of the acquisition to issue these Zip Shares. The Holdback
                    Consideration will be issued at an issue price equal to the Company’s 30‑day VWAP immediately prior
                    to their issuance, subject to a ‘minimum floor share price’ of $5.00 per Share and an ‘exchange rate
                    cap’ of $1.82 per EUR. Further details regarding the Twisto acquisition are set out in the Notice of
                    Meeting and Explanatory Statement lodged by Zip on ASX on 29 September 2021. At 30 June 2022,
                    there have been no claims made.

                    PAYFLEX CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION AND BEE HOLDBACK AMOUNT
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of Pay flex, a maximum contingent consideration of $6.4 million
                    (ZAR$73.8 million) is payable to the Pay flex shareholders in Zip shares or cash, subject to the
                    achievement of per formance targets during the f inancial year 2022. As at year end, Pay flex
                    has achieved the per formance target and accordingly, the full amount will be payable by
                    30 September 2022.
                    The number of Zip’s shares to be issued is calculated on a 15‑day weighted average price of Zip’s
                    shares on the ASX prior to the date of issue, capped at 1,053,608 shares. The excess amount is to
                    be paid in cash.
                    In addition, it is the intention that Pay flex becomes empowered on the basis that it will have ownership
                    of 26% by a Black Economic Empowerment (“BBE”) entity in South Africa. Therefore, Zip has agreed to
                    holdback an amount of $0.6 million (ZAR$7.2 million) for twelve months from the date of completion.
                    If the BEE transaction is not implemented within a 12‑month period post completion, the holdback
                    amount will be paid out to the shareholders of Pay flex as part of the purchase consideration.




                                                                                                                           139
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 17. BORROWINGS
                    BORROWINGS AND SECURITISATION WAREHOUSE
                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022     30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                       $’000            $’000

                        Secured Consumer facilities                                                                2,326,031       1,624,153
                        Secured SME facilities                                                                        53,518          38,984
                        Corporate facility   1
                                                                                                                        1,893                ‒
                                                                                                                   2,381,442       1,663,137
                        Add: accrued interest                                                                          4,434           3,589
                        Less: unamortised costs                                                                        (4,967)         (7,493)
                                                                                                                  2,380,909        1,659,233

                    1. Twisto corporate asset‑backed facility.

                    The consolidated entity sells customer receivables to securitisation warehouses and special purpose
                    vehicles through its asset‑backed f inancing program. The securitisation warehouses and special
                    purpose vehicles are consolidated as the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable
                    equity returns, and has the ability to affect its returns through its power over the securitisation
                    warehouses and special purpose vehicles.

                    ASSETS PLEDGED AS SECURITY
                    The table below presents the assets and underlying borrowings as a result of the securitisation
                    warehouses and special purpose vehicles through the consolidated entity’s asset‑backed
                    f inancing program:

                                                                                                                        CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                                 30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022        RESTATED*
                                                                                                                       $’000            $’000

                        Customer receivables1                                                                     2,405,196        1,930,461
                        Cash held in asset‑backed f inancing program                                                  58,369          40,989
                                                                                                                  2,463,565        1,971,450
                        Borrowings related to receivables        2
                                                                                                                  2,552,830       2,007,889

                    * The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.
                    1. The amount recognised above represents the carrying value of the customer receivables held by securitisation
                       warehouses and special purpose vehicles and is net of the provision for expected credit losses and unearned f uture
                       income. This excludes customer receivables totalling $27.2 million held by entities that do not have asset‑backed
                       f inancing programs in place at 30 June 2022 and $25.5 million at 30 June 2021.
                    2. Including $226.8 million junior and seller notes held by Zip’s corporate entities ($344.8 million at 30 June 2021).




                    140 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    TERM OF FACILITIES FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
                                                                 FACILITY      DRAWN AT
                                                                    LIMIT   30 JUNE 2022
                        CONSUMER RECEIVABLES                       $’000           $’000      MATURITY                    FACILITY TYPE

                        Zip Master Trust
                        – Rated Note Series
                          – 2020‑1                             285,000          285,000       October 2022                BBSW + Margin
                          – 2021‑1                              475,000          475,000      April 2024                  BBSW + Margin
                          – 2021‑2                              617,500          617,500      September 2024              BBSW + Margin
                        – Variable Funding Note                535,420           430,241      March 2024                  BBSW + Margin
                        – Variable Funding Note 2              200,000            15,000      January 2023                BBSW + Margin
                        zipMoney 2017‑1 Trust                   264,700          211,000      May 2023                    BBSW + Margin
                        zipMoney 2017‑2 Trust                   100,000           47,000      September 2023              BBSW + Margin
                        AR2LLC1                                 435,477          169,648      May 2024                    SOFR
                        Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1        2
                                                                 27,056            14,430     July 2023                   BKBM +Margin
                        Twisto Czech   3
                                                                 58,730           34,675      March 2023                  EURIBOR + Margin
                        Twisto Poland      3
                                                                 29,443           23,864      November 2022               EURIBOR + Margin
                        Pay flex4                                  4,901            2,673     January 2025                PLR + Margin
                        Total                                3,033,227         2,326,031

                    1. Facility limit of US$300.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 0.6889.
                    2. Facility limit of NZ$30.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 1.1088.
                    3. Facility limits of CZK$958.0 million for Twisto Czech and EUR€19.4 million for Twisto Poland translated to AUD at the
                       exchange rates of 16.3119 and 0.6589 respectively.
                    4. Facility limit of ZAR$55.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 11.2214.

                    SME RECEIVABLES
                                                                 FACILITY      DRAWN AT
                                                                    LIMIT   30 JUNE 2022
                                                                   $’000           $’000      MATURITY                    FACILITY TYPE

                        Securitisation Warehouses
                        Zip Biz Trust 2022‑1                     60,000           32,760      March 2024                  BBSW + Margin
                        Funding Box NZ         1
                                                                 36,075             7,258     November 2023               BKBM + Margin
                        Zip Biz 2020‑1 Trust                    100,000           13,500      November 2023               BBSW + Margin
                        Total                                   196,075            53,518

                    1. Facility limit of NZ$40.0 million translated to AUD at exchange rate of 1.1088.




                                                                                                                                               141
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    RECONCILIATION OF BORROWINGS
                                                                                                            CASH          NON‑CASH
                                                                                     30 JUNE 2021       MOVEMENT1         MOVEMENT      30 JUNE 2022
                        AT JUNE 2022                                                        $’000           $’000             $’000            $’000

                        Gross borrowings                                               1,663,137          718,305                  0      2,381,442
                        Accrued interest                                                    3,589          (61,476)          62,321            4,434
                        Unamortised costs                                                  (7,493)          (2,390)            4,916          (4,967)
                        Total                                                          1,659,233          654,439            67,237      2,380,909

                                                                                                             CASH         NON‑CASH
                                                                                    30 JUNE 2020        MOVEMENT2         MOVEMENT      30 JUNE 2021
                        AT JUNE 2021                                                       $’000            $’000             $’000            $’000

                        Gross borrowings                                               1,082,087          581,050                  ‒       1,663,137
                        Accrued interest                                                    2,370          (57,432)          58,651            3,589
                        Unamortised costs                                                  (2,503)          (2,084)          (2,906)           (7,493)
                        Total                                                          1,081,954          521,534            55,745       1,659,233

                    1. The cash movements shown in gross borrowings in the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022 includes a taken‑on amount
                       of $64.0 million as a result of the acquisition of Spotii and Twisto. Note that interest payment of $0.2 million for leasing
                       liabilities is excluded f rom the cash movement in the reconciliation.
                    2. The cash movements shown in gross borrowings in the f inancial year ended 30 June 2021 includes a taken‑on amount
                       of $50.4 million as a result of the acquisition of QuadPay. Note that interest payment of $0.2 million for leasing liabilities
                       is excluded f rom the cash movement in the reconciliation.


                    NOTE 18. ISSUED CAPITAL
                    ORDINARY SHARES
                    Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the
                    consolidated entity in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid, on the shares held. The fully paid
                    ordinary shares have no par value and the consolidated entity does not have a limited amount of
                    authorised capital.
                    On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and
                    upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

                                                                                    30 JUNE 2022                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                         SHARES       30 JUNE 2022          SHARES      30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                            ’000             $’000             ’000            $’000

                        Ordinary shares ‒ fully paid                                     687,936        2,041,496          562,136        1,688,785
                                                                                         687,936        2,041,496          562,136        1,688,785




                    142 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    MOVEMENTS IN ORDINARY SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                  SHARES
                        DETAILS                                                      DATE           ’000       $’000

                        Balance                                              30 June 2020       390,390      274,151
                        Issue of shares ‒ employee incentives                                     11,637     141,758
                        Issue of shares ‒ capital raising                                         33,191     176,710
                        Issue of shares ‒ exercise of options                                      6,618       1,342
                        Issue of shares ‒ acquisitions                                           119,208   1,090,741
                        Issue of shares ‒ PartPay contingent consideration                         1,092      6,989
                        Cost of issuing shares                                                        ‒      (2,906)
                        Balance                                              30 June 2021       562,136    1,688,785
                        Issue of shares ‒ employee incentives                                      5,736     35,421
                        Issue of shares ‒ capital raising                                        94,492      172,729
                        Issue of shares ‒ exercise of options                                      2,177        310
                        Issue of shares ‒ acquisitions                                            21,783     137,209
                        Issue of shares ‒ PartPay contingent consideration                         1,092      6,990
                        Issue of shares ‒ acquisition of intangibles                                520       3,440
                        Cost of issuing shares                                                        ‒       (3,388)
                        Balance                                              30 June 2022       687,936    2,041,496


                    MOVEMENTS IN PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                                                                                                              RIGHTS
                        DETAILS                                                                     DATE        ‘000

                        Balance                                                         30 June 2020           3,109
                        Issued during the year                                                                4,065
                        Lapsed during the year                                                                  (391)
                        Vested during the year                                                                    (6)
                        Balance                                                             30 June 2021       6,777
                        Issued during the year                                                                 6,212
                        Lapsed during the year                                                               (3,002)
                        Vested during the year                                                                   (11)
                        Exercised during the year                                                              (784)
                        Balance                                                         30 June 2022           9,192




                                                                                                                  143
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    SHARES UNDER PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                    SHARES UNDER AT RISK LONG‑TERM INCENTIVES (LVTR):
                    At Risk Long‑Term Incentives were issued for no consideration under the Employee Incentive Plan,
                    and have a nil exercise price and vest based on the achievement of Total Shareholder Return hurdles
                    and time‑based hurdles as set out previously in the Remuneration Report.

                                                                                                    NUMBER     FAIR VALUE AT
                                                                                                   OF RIGHTS     GRANT DATE
                        ISSUE DATE              VESTING DATE           EXPIRY DATE                    ISSUED               $

                        15 February 2019        15 September 2021      15 February 2025            393,333           0.287
                        15 February 2019        15 February 2022       15 February 2025            406,666           0.287
                        15 February 2019        15 September 2022      15 February 2025            393,333            0.317
                        15 February 2019        15 February 2023       15 February 2025            406,666            0.317
                        15 February 2019        15 September 2023      15 February 2025            393,334           0.330
                        15 February 2019        15 February 2024       15 February 2025            406,668           0.330
                        15 December 2019        15 September 2022      15 December 2025             20,548           1.900
                        15 December 2019        15 September 2022      15 December 2025              20,117          1.980
                        15 December 2019        15 September 2022      15 December 2025              54,795          0.630
                        15 December 2019        15 September 2023      15 December 2025              54,795          0.760
                        15 December 2019        15 September 2024      15 December 2025              54,794          0.810
                        2 July 2020             15 September 2023      24 June 2026                 192,956            1.56
                        2 July 2020             15 September 2024      24 June 2026                 192,955            1.63
                        2 July 2020             15 September 2025      24 June 2026                 192,953            1.65
                        26 October 2020         14 September 2023      22 October 2026              23,030             4.68
                        7 June 2021             7 June 2022            7 June 2027                  110,000            6.88
                        7 June 2021             7 June 2023            7 June 2027                  110,000            6.88
                        7 June 2021             7 June 2024            7 June 2027                  110,000           6.88
                        15 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027               11,127           2.99
                        15 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027              57,204            2.99
                        18 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027             101,260            2.99
                        19 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027             105,504            2.99
                        23 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027              61,815            2.99
                        24 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027              25,070            2.99
                        29 November 2021        15 September 2024      30 November 2027              12,776            2.99
                        Total at 30 June 2022                                                     3,911,699




                    144 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    ISSUED IN THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022:
                                                                                                        NUMBER     FAIR VALUE AT
                                                                                                       OF RIGHTS     GRANT DATE
                        ISSUE DATE                   VESTING DATE         EXPIRY DATE                     ISSUED               $

                        15 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027                11,127           2.99
                        15 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027               57,204            2.99
                        18 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027              101,260            2.99
                        19 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027             105,504             2.99
                        23 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027               61,815            2.99
                        24 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027               25,070            2.99
                        29 November 2021             15 September 2024    30 November 2027               12,776            2.99
                        Total issued in the f inancial year                                             374,756


                    LAPSED IN THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022:
                                                                                                                        NUMBER
                        ISSUE DATE                   VESTING DATE         EXPIRY DATE                                    ISSUED

                        15 December 2019             15 September 2022    15 December 2025                             (51,370)
                        15 December 2019             15 September 2023    15 December 2025                             (51,370)
                        15 December 2019             15 September 2024    15 December 2025                             (51,370)
                        2 July 2020                  15 September 2023    24 June 2026                                (195,208)
                        2 July 2020                  15 September 2024    24 June 2026                                (195,207)
                        2 July 2020                  15 September 2025    24 June 2026                                (195,207)
                        26 October 2020              14 September 2023    22 October 2026                              (79,457)
                        9 June 2021                  9 June 2022          9 June 2027                                   (91,743)
                        9 June 2021                  9 June 2023          9 June 2027                                   (91,743)
                        9 June 2021                  9 June 2024          9 June 2027                                   (91,743)
                        Total lapsed in the f inancial year                                                         (1,094,418)


                    SHARES UNDER LONG‑TERM EQUITY (LTE):
                    LTEs issued provide Zip with the best opportunity to retain senior leaders and attract high‑quality talent.
                    LTEs were issued with equal vesting over 4 years (25% per year). LTE is not subject to any per formance
                    hurdles and only requires the Executive to remain employed for the rights to vest.
                    Details of LTEs outstanding during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                                                                    AVERAGE FAIR        NUMBER
                                                                                                          VALUE           OF LTE
                                                                                                             ($)         ISSUED

                        Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                  2,145,658
                        Issued during the year                                                             5.46      5,837,586
                        For feited during the year                                                         6.58     (1,907,352)
                        Vested during the year                                                              7.16     (795,345)
                        Total at 30 June 2022                                                                       5,280,547


                                                                                                                              145
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    MOVEMENTS IN WARRANTS
                                                                                                                                  WARRANTS
                        DETAILS                                                                                                       ’000

                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                                      33,980
                        Issue of warrants                                                                                                 ‒
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                      33,980

                    The following table shows details of warrants issued outstanding at 30 June 2022:

                                                                                                                     EXERCISE        NUMBER
                        ISSUE DATE                    EXPIRY DATE                                                       PRICE         ISSUED

                        6 November 2019               6 November 2026                                                    $4.70   14,615,000
                        1 September 2020    1
                                                      1 September 2023                                                   $1.48   19,365,208
                        Total at 30 June 2022                                                                                    33,980,208

                    1. Re fer to Note 5 for details of the warrants issued to CVI.
                    On 7 November 2019, Zip entered a strategic agreement with Amazon Commercial Services Pty Limited
                    (Amazon Australia) whereby Zip was offered as a payment choice on Amazon Australia. Zip issued
                    Amazon Australia warrants to acquire 14,615,000 ordinary shares in Zip at an exercise price of $4.70
                    exercisable based on achievement of certain per formance hurdles (Amazon Warrants).
                    The Amazon Warrants were independently valued by an external valuer using a custom‑built Monte
                    Carlo model which simulates share price paths over the duration of the warrants’ life. As a result,
                    each Amazon Warrant has been valued at $1.65 which approximates the value of the service received.
                    O f the warrants issued, 3,653,750 warrants (25 % of the total) vested concurrently with Zip’s entry into
                    the strategic agreement, and the remainder of the warrants vest based on per formance milestones
                    relating to transaction volumes being achieved over the seven years from issue date. On vesting, the
                    warrants may be exercised any time up to seven years from the issue date. Unvested Amazon Warrants
                    are subject to early expiration in certain circumstances, including in the event that the applicable
                    vesting milestones are not met by specif ied dates. Assessments will be made at each future reporting
                    date and adjustments made to the amounts recognised in expenses based on this assessment.
                    The transaction volumes processed through Amazon Australia have not met the requirement of the
                    f irst per formance milestone on the second anniversary date, being 7 November 2021, and as a result
                    1,826,875 Amazon Warrants, representing 12.5% of the total Amazon warrants, expired on this basis,
                    and were cancelled on 9 August 2022.
                    There were no other Amazon Warrants exercised or expired during the year ended 30 June 2022.

                    MOVEMENTS IN CONVERTIBLE NOTES
                                                                                                                                 CONVERTIBLE
                        DETAILS                                                                                                       NOTES

                        Balance at 30 June 2021                                                                                       3,000
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                       3,000

                        Representing as:
                        Issue of convertible notes issued on 1 September 20201                                                        1,000
                        Issue of convertible notes issued on 23 April 20211,2                                                         2,000
                                                                                                                                      3,000

                    1. Re fer to Note 5 for details of the convertible notes outstanding at 30 June 2022.
                    2. The issuance of 2,000 convertible notes on 23 April 2021 is listed on Singapore Exchange (SGX).


                    146 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO UNISSUED SECURITIES
                    Performance Shares that may be Issued to Urge Vendors
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of Urge Holdings Pty Ltd, Zip agreed to issue up to a maximum
                    of $5.5 million of shares to the vendors as the ‘milestone consideration’ based on the achievement
                    of certain prescribed per formance milestones. The measurement period for determining whether
                    the milestones have been satis f ied commenced in April 2021.
                    The milestone consideration may also become payable early as a result of specif ic acceleration events.
                    The full terms of the milestone consideration, including the requirement for the vendors to remain
                    employed, and details of the Urge acquisition were included in Zip’s ASX announcement on
                    26 October 2020.
                    Depending on the relevant milestone that is achieved, shares will be issued at either an issue price of
                    $6.8439 per share, or an issue price equal to the higher of $6.00 per share, and the volume weighted
                    average price of Zip’s shares in the 30 trading days prior to their applicable issue date.
                    The maximum number of shares that may be issued on the achievement of the milestones is 916,660
                    (which was determined based on an agreed minimum price of $6.00 per share). If, when any shares are
                    issued as the milestone consideration, Zip’s share price is less than $6.00, Zip may be required to pay
                    a ‘true up’ amount in cash or in shares, wholly or partially, at Zip’s discretion, to the vendors for the
                    difference. If, when any shares are issued as the ‘true up’ amount, the issue price will equal the volume
                    weighted average price of Zip’s shares in the 30 trading days prior to their applicable issue date.
                    The milestones must generally be satis f ied by no later than 3.5 years af ter the acquisition date
                    of 26 October 2020, as otherwise, the right to receive the milestone consideration will lapse.
                    During the year ended 30 June 2022, the milestones were partially achieved, and 1,099,711 shares
                    were issued as milestone considerations accordingly.

                    Tenure Consideration Shares and Performance Consideration Shares
                    that may be Issued to QuadPay Founders
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of QuadPay Inc., Zip agreed to issue the QuadPay Founders a
                    maximum of 5,000,000 Shares (split equally) (Tenure Consideration Shares). The Tenure Consideration
                    Shares will be issued in equal instalments in the two‑year period af ter completion of the transaction,
                    which occurred on 31 August 2020, subject to the QuadPay Founders continuing to remain employed
                    with QuadPay. In addition, Zip agreed to issue up to a maximum amount of US$60 million at Zip’s
                    discretion either in cash or by the issue of up to a maximum of 24,570,024 shares (Per formance
                    Consideration Shares), split equally between each QuadPay Founder subject to the achievement of
                    certain prescribed minimum Total Transaction Volume (TTV) per formance targets on the QuadPay
                    plat form during the period from 1 January 2020 to 30 June 2022, and remaining employed during
                    this period.
                    The f irst instalment of 2,500,000 Tenure Consideration Shares have been issued to QuadPay Founders
                    on 30 September 2021, following QuadPay Founders’ continuous employment with QuadPay to the f irst
                    anniversary date. The second instalment of up to 2,500,000 Tenure Consideration Shares remains
                    unissued at 30 June 2022, and will be issued subject to the QuadPay Founders continuing to remain
                    employed with QuadPay on the second anniversary date.
                    The f irst per formance target was met by the QuadPay Founders, with the TTV on the QuadPay plat form
                    for the rolling three months to 31 December 2020 exceeding the TTV per formance targets. Accordingly,
                    Zip issued 5,398,824 shares on 24 May 2021 to the QuadPay Founders as part of the Per formance
                    Consideration Shares. The number of Zip’s shares issued was calculated based on the volume weighted
                    average price of Zip’s shares on the ASX in the 15 trading days prior to the date of issuance.




                                                                                                                              147
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    The second per formance target has been met by the QuadPay Founders, with the TTV on the
                    QuadPay plat form for the rolling three months to November 2021 exceeding the TTV per formance
                    targets. Accordingly, a payment of US$7.5 million will be made to each QuadPay Founder. The number
                    of shares to be issued, will be calculated based on the higher of $3.70 per share and the volume
                    weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the ASX in the 15 trading days prior to the date of issuance,
                    with the balance payable in cash.
                    The third per formance target had a deadline of 30 June 2022 and this was not met by the QuadPay
                    Founders. As a result, there will be no payments made to the QuadPay Founders in relation to the third
                    per formance target. Af ter the payments due pursuant to the second per formance target are made to
                    the QuadPay Founders, the balance of the Per formance Consideration Shares will be reduced to nil.

                    PERFORMANCE SHARES THAT MAY BE ISSUED TO A SUBSET SPOTII SELLERS
                    Under the terms of the acquisition of Spotii, Zip has agreed to pay up to US$15.0 million in per formance
                    payments to a subset of Spotii sellers subject to the satis faction of prescribed per formance targets
                    and, for a co‑founder, their respective continued employment at the date of satis faction of the relevant
                    per formance targets.
                    The per formance payments can be paid by Zip, at its discretion by the issue of additional Zip shares
                    (up to a maximum number of 3,550,000 Zip shares), with the balance payable in cash. The per formance
                    milestones are based on aggressive growth targets relating to the achievement of a certain total
                    transaction volumes, active customers, and gross prof it margin targets.
                    If the per formance payments are payable, they will be paid in up to 3 payment tranches relating to the
                    twelve‑month “per formance periods” ending on 30 June 2022, 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2024. If any
                    of these additional consideration amounts are paid in Zip shares:
                    –    the number of Zip shares to be received will be determined based on the higher of the volume
                         weighted average price of Zip’s shares on the ASX for the 30 trading days before the applicable
                         issue date and a minimum share price of $6.00 per share, with Zip required to pay a cash true up
                         amount for any difference (including any difference in a prescribed exchange rate cap); and
                    –    60% of each tranche of Zip shares issued to each seller as part of this additional consideration will
                         be subject to a 1 year voluntary escrow period commencing on 1 July 2022 immediately af ter the
                         relevant “per formance period”.
                    At 30 June 2022, none of the per formance targets have been met.

                    SHARE BUY‑BACK
                    There is no current on‑market share buy‑back.


                    NOTE 19. DIVIDENDS
                    There were no dividends paid, recommended, or declared during the current or previous f inancial year.




                    148 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 20. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
                    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES
                    The consolidated entity’s activities expose it to a variety of f inancial risks: market risk (including
                    currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The consolidated
                    entity’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of f inancial markets and
                    seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the f inancial per formance of the consolidated entity.
                    These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest rate and other price risks, and
                    ageing analysis for credit risk.

                    MARKET RISK
                    FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK
                    Foreign currency risk arises on f inancial instruments that are denominated in a foreign currency, that
                    is in a currency other than the functional currency in which they are measured. Foreign currency risk
                    does not arise from f inancial instruments that are non‑monetary items or from f inancial instruments
                    denominated in the functional currency.
                    The consolidated entity undertakes transactions denominated in its subsidiaries’ functional currencies;
                    consequently, limited exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arise.
                    The consolidated entity did not hedge any foreign currency risks during the f inancial year ended
                    30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.
                    Translation exposures arise from f inancial and non‑f inancial items held by an entity with a functional
                    currency different from the consolidated entity’s presentation currency. The consolidated entity’s
                    exposure to translation‑related risk mainly arises from its investments in subsidiaries in the United
                    States, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Czech Republic and Poland, and
                    South African businesses. The foreign exchange gain or loss on translating the consolidated entity’s
                    investment in foreign subsidiaries to Australian dollars at the end of the f inancial year is recognised
                    in Other Comprehensive Income and accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.

                    PRICE RISK
                    The consolidated entity is exposed to the equity price risk arising from its embedded derivative in the
                    Convertible Notes and Warrants issued to CVI, which have been recorded as f inancial liabilities at
                    30 June 2022.
                    As detailed in Note 5, Zip has reported a f inancial liability at 30 June 2022 in relation to the underlying
                    debt component of the convertible notes to CVI of $73.6 million (FY21: $65.3 million), and the embedded
                    derivative and warrants issued have been valued at fair values of $1.85 million (FY21: $60.6 million) and
                    $0.1 million (FY21: $60.3 million) respectively using the Black Scholes option valuation model. The fair
                    values have been based on a closing Zip’s share price at 30 June 2022 of $0.44, volatility of 60%, and
                    a risk free rate of 3.0% for the embedded derivative, and 2.4% for the warrants. The different risk free
                    rates reflect the different expiry dates of the instruments. A fair value gain of $119.0 million has been
                    recorded, being the movement in the fair values of the embedded derivative and warrants between
                    30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022.
                    The valuation of the above‑mentioned f inancial liabilities has Zip’s share price as the key input.
                    The fair values of these f inancial liabilities dependent on the share price of Zip which is listed on
                    the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
                    The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to Zip’s share price
                    at 30 June 2022.




                                                                                                                                149
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    If Zip’s share price had been 1% higher/lower:
                    –      Loss af ter tax for the year ended 30 June 2022 would increase/decrease by $0.5 million as
                           a result of the changes in fair values of these f inancial liabilities (30 June 2021: $1.7 million); and
                    –      Equity would decrease/increase by $0.5 million as a result of the changes in fair values of these
                           f inancial liabilities (30 June 2021: $1.7 million).

                    INTEREST RATE RISK
                    The consolidated entity’s main interest rate risk arises from its cash and cash equivalents, term
                    deposits and borrowings. Secured borrowings to fund the customer receivables are a mix of f ixed
                    rate borrowings and floating‑rate borrowings where the rates are set as a f ixed margin plus 1‑month
                    BBSW/BKBM/EURIBOR/PLR/SOFR.
                    The consolidated entity also earns interest from its customer receivables on f ixed rates. In the event of
                    a movement in interest rates the consolidated entity would review its pricing framework in accordance
                    with its risk management policy.
                    At 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, the consolidated entity had a $100.0 million convertible notes
                    issued to CVI which bears interest payable semi‑annually at a f ixed amount of $0.75 million and had
                    a $400.0 million convertible notes issued on 23 April 2021 with zero coupon and a yield of 2.25%
                    per annum calculated on a semi‑annual basis. Refer to Note 5 for details.
                    At the end of the reporting periods, the consolidated entity had the following variable rate
                    borrowing outstanding:

                                                                                         WEIGHTED                      WEIGHTED
                                                                                          AVERAGE     30 JUNE 2022      AVERAGE        30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                     INTEREST RATE           $’000 INTEREST RATE              $’000

                        Floating‑rate secured borrowing                                      3.70%      (2,379,549)           3.56%     (1,629,654)

                    At the end of reporting periods, the consolidated entity had the following f inancial assets and liabilities
                    exposed to variable interest rate risk:

                                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                              $’000           $’000

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           241,326       289,212
                        Restricted cash                                                                                      58,369        40,989
                        Term deposit                                                                                           3,864         1,507
                        Floating‑rate secured borrowing                                                                  (2,379,549)    (1,629,654)

                    *    The comparative information is restated to ref lect changes in classif ication. Please refer to Note 28.
                    In the event of a +/– 1% movement in the floating borrowing rates, based on reasonable possible
                    judgement, and with all other variables held constant, the consolidated entity’s:
                    –      Loss af ter tax for the year ended 30 June 2022 would increase/decrease by $14.5 million
                           (2021: increase/decrease by $9.1 million). This is mainly attributable to the consolidated
                           entity’s exposure to interest rates on its floating‑rate borrowings; and
                    –      Equity at 30 June 2022 would decrease/increase by $14.5 million (2021: decrease/increase
                           by $9.1 million).




                    150 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    INTEREST RATE BENCHMARK REFORM
                    Management consider the risk arising from f inancial instruments because of the Interest Benchmark
                    Reform is the interest rate risk. The interest risk arising from the Interest Benchmark Reform has an
                    immaterial impact on the consolidated entity, and the risk has been closely monitored by reviewing the
                    total amounts of contracts that had yet to transition to an alternative benchmark rate and proactively
                    managing the existing IBOR‑linked contracts with a transition to new benchmark interest rates.
                    During the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity modif ied the terms of its
                    floating‑rate secured borrowing facility in the US, which was indexed to USD LIBOR, to reference
                    Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). Af ter the transition, the method used to calculate the interest
                    rate has been modif ied with an updated f ixed spread to compensate for the basis difference between
                    the existing interest rate benchmark and the alternative benchmark rate. The transition was a direct
                    consequence of IBOR reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows was
                    economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e. the basis immediately preceding the change).
                    The consolidated entity applied the practical expedient and changed the basis for determining the
                    contractual cash flows prospectively by revising the effective interest rate. There were no other
                    changes to the contractual terms that are not necessary as a direct consequence of the IBOR reform.
                    At 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity did not have derivatives or non‑derivative f inancial instruments
                    which were not yet transitioned to an alternative benchmark rate when interest under the contract was
                    indexed to a benchmark rate that was still subject to IBOR reform. There are no further changes to
                    interest rates in the consolidated entity arising from the interest rate benchmark reform. The
                    consolidated entity did not have material hedging items or hedging instruments at 30 June 2022.

                    CREDIT RISK
                    –   Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting
                        in f inancial loss to the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity has a strict code of credit,
                        including obtaining agency credit information, conf irming application details and setting
                        appropriate credit limits prior to customers joining the Zip plat form.
                    –   The consolidated entity regularly reviews customer collections, and collections past due. If there
                        are uncollectable customer receivables, the consolidated entity will write off these receivables
                        but will continue to work on their recovery.
                    –   The consolidated entity regularly reviews the level of provision for expected credit loss to ensure
                        that the level of provision is suff icient to mitigate the credit risk exposure in terms of f inancial
                        reporting. The provision raised represents management’s expectation for credit losses in the
                        receivables port folio at the reporting date measured in accordance with AASB 9.
                    –   The collective provision is estimated on the basis of historical loss experience for assets with
                        similar credit characteristics by the consolidated entity and other companies with similar port folios.
                        The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date for recognised f inancial assets is the
                        carrying amount, net of any provisions for expected credit losses of those assets, as disclosed
                        in the consolidated statement of f inancial position and notes to the consolidated f inancial
                        statements. Refer to Note 11 for detailed assessment of expected credit losses.
                    –   The consolidated entity does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements.




                                                                                                                                 151
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    LIQUIDITY RISK
                    Liquidity risk management requires the consolidated entity to maintain suff icient liquid assets
                    (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and
                    when they become due and payable. The consolidated entity manages liquidity risk by maintaining
                    adequate cash reserves and available borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring actual and
                    forecast cash flows and matching the maturity prof iles of f inancial assets and liabilities.

                    Each of the securitisation warehouses in place has loan covenants that are in line with standard
                    market practice given the nature of the warehouse facilities. There were no material breaches of
                    any of the covenants in place during the f inancial period.

                    FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS
                    Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 17.

                    REMAINING CONTRACTUAL MATURITIES
                    The f inancial assets of the consolidated entity predominantly comprise customer receivables that have:
                    –      An average repayment prof ile of six months for Zip Pay receivables, ten months for Zip Money
                           and twelve months for SME receivables;
                    –      Instalment product has a short‑term duration for customer repayments, typically 42 days, for
                           instalments product within the Zip New Zealand business, and the Zip Americas and Zip EMEA
                           operating segments.
                    The following tables detail the consolidated entity’s remaining contractual maturity for its f inancial
                    liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of f inancial liabilities
                    based on the earliest date on which the f inancial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables include
                    both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities and therefore
                    these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                        AVERAGE                 BETWEEN      BETWEEN                  REMAINING
                                                       INTEREST       1 YEAR      1 AND 2     2 AND 5          OVER CONTRACTUAL
                        CONSOLIDATED                       RATE      OR LESS       YEARS       YEARS       5 YEARS    MATURITIES
                        30 JUNE 2022                          %        $’000        $’000       $’000         $’000       $’000

                        Non‑interest‑bearing
                        Trade and other payables                     140,547           ‒           ‒            ‒      140,547
                        Deferred contingent
                        consideration                                26,184            ‒           ‒            ‒       26,184
                        Lease liabilities                             3,080         435           551           ‒        4,066
                        Interest‑bearing
                        Borrowings
                        – floating‑rate Borrowings        3.70%      594,731   1,169,079     620,173            ‒    2,383,983
                        – f ixed rate Borrowings          11.50%           ‒       1,893           ‒            ‒         1,893
                        Total non‑derivatives                       764,542     1,171,407    620,724            ‒    2,556,673




                    152 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                              WEIGHTED
                                                               AVERAGE                       BETWEEN     BETWEEN               REMAINING
                                                              INTEREST          1 YEAR         1 AND 2    2 AND 5       OVER CONTRACTUAL
                        CONSOLIDATED                              RATE         OR LESS          YEARS      YEARS    5 YEARS    MATURITIES
                        30 JUNE 2021 (RESTATED*)                     %           $’000           $’000      $’000      $’000       $’000

                        Non‑interest‑bearing
                        Trade and other payables                               57,857               ‒          ‒         ‒        57,857
                        Deferred contingent
                        consideration                                           6,990               ‒          ‒         ‒        6,990
                        Lease liabilities                                       3,746           2,619          ‒         ‒        6,365
                        Interest‑bearing
                        Borrowings
                        – floating‑rate Borrowings               3.56%       623,678         380,000     629,304         ‒    1,632,982
                        – f ixed rate Borrowings                 8.85%            260         33,484           ‒         ‒       33,744
                        Total non‑derivatives                                692,531         416,103     629,304         ‒     1,737,938

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.
                    The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur signif icantly earlier than
                    disclosed above.

                    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to trans fer a liability, in an orderly
                    transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
                    based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or trans fer the liability takes
                    place either:
                    –      In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
                    –      In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
                    The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the consolidated entity.
                    The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants
                    would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic
                    best interest.




                                                                                                                                       153
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
                    AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements by level in the
                    fair value measurement hierarchy as follows:

                    –      Level 1 ‒ the instrument has quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
                           or liabilities.
                    –      Level 2 ‒ a valuation technique is used using inputs other than quoted prices within level 1
                           that are observable for the f inancial instrument, either directly (i.e. as prices), or indirectly
                           (i.e. derived from prices).
                    –      Level 3 ‒ a valuation technique is used using inputs that are not observable based on observable
                           market data (unobservable inputs).
                    The Directors consider that the carrying amount of f inancial assets and f inancial liabilities recognised
                    in the consolidated f inancial statements approximate their fair values.

                                                                                                 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY AT 30 JUNE 2022

                                                                                           LEVEL 1          LEVEL 2         LEVEL 31            TOTAL
                                                                                            $’000             $’000           $’000             $’000

                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                        241,326                  ‒                ‒         241,326
                        Restricted cash                                                   58,369                  ‒                ‒         58,369
                        Other receivables                                                        ‒          61,830                 ‒          61,830
                        Term deposit                                                             ‒           3,864                 ‒           3,864
                        Customer receivables                                                     ‒      2,508,124                  ‒      2,508,124
                        Total                                                            299,695        2,573,818                  ‒       2,873,513
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                 ‒         140,547                 ‒         140,547
                        Deferred contingent consideration                                        ‒          26,184                 ‒          26,184
                        Leasing liabilities                                                      ‒           4,039                 ‒           4,039
                        Borrowings                                                               ‒     2,380,909                   ‒      2,380,909
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                        Net debt host                                                            ‒        378,937                  ‒        378,937
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                        embedded derivative                                                      ‒                ‒            1,851            1,851
                        Financial liabilities ‒ warrants                                         ‒                ‒              128                128
                        Total                                                                    ‒      2,930,616              1,979      2,932,595

                    1. Re fer to price risk analysis in this note for the valuation method of f inancial liabilities ‒ convertible notes embedded
                       derivative and f inancial liability‑warrants which are classif ied as level 3.




                    154 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                                                         FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY AT 30 JUNE 2021 (RESTATED*)

                                                                                             LEVEL 1      LEVEL 2      LEVEL 3          TOTAL
                                                                                              $’000         $’000        $’000          $’000

                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                       289,212                ‒             ‒       289,212
                        Restricted cash                                                  40,989                ‒             ‒        40,989
                        Other receivables                                                         ‒      18,836              ‒        18,836
                        Term deposit                                                              ‒        1,507             ‒          1,507
                        Customer receivables (RESTATED*)                                          ‒    1,955,947             ‒     1,955,947
                        Investment                                                                ‒       19,034             ‒        19,034
                        Total                                                           330,201        1,995,324             ‒    2,325,525
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables (RESTATED*)                                      ‒       57,857             ‒        57,857
                        Deferred contingent consideration                                         ‒       6,990              ‒         6,990
                        Leasing liabilities                                                       ‒       6,296              ‒         6,296
                        Borrowings                                                                ‒    1,659,233             ‒     1,659,233
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                        Net debt host                                                             ‒     349,008              ‒      349,008
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes
                        embedded derivative                                                       ‒            ‒      60,643          60,643
                        Financial liabilities ‒ warrants                                          ‒            ‒       60,314         60,314
                        Total                                                                     ‒    2,079,384      120,957      2,200,341

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.


                    NOTE 21. CONTINGENCIES
                    On 24 June 2019, Zip announced to the ASX that Firstmac Limited had commenced proceedings in the
                    Federal Court against Zip Co Limited and zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd alleging infringement of Firstmac’s
                    “ZIP” trademark, which is registered in respect of f inancial affairs (loans). Zip continues to vigorously
                    defend the proceedings and has brought a cross‑claim seeking cancellation of Firstmac’s “ZIP”
                    trademark. However, as the proceedings are ongoing at the date of this report, there remains
                    the possibility of a liability being incurred contingent on the outcome of the proceedings.
                    There were no other contingent liabilities or contingent assets as at 30 June 2022 and as at
                    30 June 2021.




                                                                                                                                            155
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    NOTE 22. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL DISCLOSURES
                    DIRECTORS
                    The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (Zip or the Company) during the f inancial year
                    ended 30 June 2022:
                    –      Diane Smith‑Gander AO
                    –      Larry Diamond
                    –      Peter Gray
                    –      John Batistich
                    –      Pippa Downes (Resigned on 22 June 2022)

                    OTHER KMP
                    –      Martin Brooke

                    COMPENSATION
                    The aggregate compensation paid to Directors and other members of key management personnel of
                    the consolidated entity is set out below:

                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2022   30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                          $’000          $’000

                        Short‑term employee benef its                                                    2,003           1,875
                        Post‑employment benef its                                                          127             112
                        Long‑term benef its                                                                 13             37
                        Share‑based payments                                                               766          1,099
                                                                                                         2,909           3,123



                    NOTE 23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                    PARENT ENTITY
                    Zip Co Limited is the parent entity.

                    SUBSIDIARIES
                    Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 26.

                    KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL
                    Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 22 and the remuneration
                    report included in the Directors’ report.

                    TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                    Other than reported in Note 22, there were no transactions with related parties during the current
                    and previous f inancial year.

                    RECEIVABLE FROM AND PAYABLE TO RELATED PARTIES
                    There were no trade receivables due from, or trade payables due to, related parties at the current
                    and previous reporting date.



                    156 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    LOANS TO/FROM RELATED PARTIES
                    During the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, the consolidated entity provided loans to its associate
                    Tendo for working capital and loan funding purposes. The principal loan amount outstanding at 30 June 2022
                    was $3.8 million, with accrued interest of $0.5 million based on interest rate of 18% per annum.
                    During the f inancial year ended 30 June 2021, the consolidated entity provided several shareholder
                    loans to its associate Pay flex for working capital and loan funding purposes. The loans amount
                    outstanding at 30 June 2021 was $1.6 million which bear nil interest and has been trans ferred into
                    an intercompany loan upon acquisition of Pay flex in January 2022.
                    There were no other loans to/ from related parties at 30 June 2022 and at 30 June 2021.


                    NOTE 24. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS
                    During the f inancial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by Deloitte
                    Touche Tohmatsu (the auditor of the consolidated entity) and other auditors:

                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2022   30 JUNE 2021
                        983                                                                                 $’000          $’000

                        Deloitte
                        Audit and review of the f inancial statements
                        – Group                                                                            1,526            699
                        – Controlled entities                                                               983               –
                        Other Assurance services                                                             667              –
                        Consulting services                                                                  217            127
                        Total                                                                              3,393            826
                        Other Auditors
                        Audit and review of the f inancial statements                                         96            128
                        Consulting services                                                                    ‒             26
                        Total                                                                                 96            154



                    NOTE 25. PARENT ENTITY INFORMATION
                    The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the f inancial
                    information shown below, are the same as those applied in the consolidated f inancial statements
                    except as set out below.

                    INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
                    Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are accounted for at cost. Dividends (if any)
                    received from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are recognised in prof it or loss when a right
                    to receive the dividend is established (provided that it is probable that the economic benef its will flow
                    to the Parent and the amount of income can be measured reliably).

                    TAX CONSOLIDATION
                    The Company and its wholly‑owned Australian resident entities are members of a tax‑consolidated
                    group under Australian tax law. The Company is the head entity within the tax‑consolidated group.
                    See Note 1 for a summary of the signif icant accounting policies relating to the consolidated entity.
                    Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.



                                                                                                                              157
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                          PARENT

                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                                       $000           $000

                        Loss af ter income tax                                                                     (747,728)       (109,119)
                        Total comprehensive loss                                                                   (747,728)       (109,119)


                    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                          PARENT

                                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2022
                                                                                                                       $000              $000

                        Total current assets                                                                         72,730         154,108
                        Total non‑current assets    1
                                                                                                                   1,710,161     2,090,675
                        Total assets                                                                              1,782,891      2,244,783
                        Total current liabilities                                                                 (406,047)        (472,483)
                        Total liabilities                                                                         (406,047)        (472,483)
                        Net assets                                                                               1,376,844       1,772,300
                        Issued capital      1
                                                                                                                 2,041,496       1,688,785
                        Reserves                                                                                   105,645         106,084
                        Convertible notes ‒ equity                                                                  114,466         114,466
                        Accumulated losses                                                                        (884,763)        (137,035)
                        Total equity                                                                             1,376,844       1,772,300

                    1. The comparative information has been adjusted to comply with the changes in presentation in the current period.

                    GUARANTEES ENTERED INTO BY THE PARENT ENTITY IN RELATION TO THE DEBTS
                    OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES
                    During the f inancial year ended 30 June 2021 and f inancial year 30 June 2022, the parent entity and
                    certain subsidiaries had a deed of cross guarantee in place under which each company guarantees
                    the debts of the others.
                    By entering into the deed, the wholly‑owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to
                    prepare f inancial statements and Directors’ Report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785 issued
                    by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                    The effect of the Deed is that the parent entity guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any
                    debt in the event of winding up of the subsidiaries included in the Deed under certain provisions
                    of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    The subsidiaries detailed in Note 26 are parties to a deed of cross guarantee under which each
                    guarantees the debts of the others. These controlled entities have been relieved of the requirement to
                    prepare a f inancial report and Directors’ Report under ASIC Corporations (Wholly‑owned Companies)
                    Instruments 2016/785. These controlled entities and the Company form a closed group. Included in
                    the closed group are receivables on zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd’s balance sheet which are trans ferred
                    to the Trusts (which are not parties to the deed of cross guarantee) but failed derecognition due
                    to zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd retaining substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




                    158 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    The effects of transactions between entities to the deed are eliminated in full in the Consolidated
                    Statement of Financial Position and Consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss and Other Comprehensive
                    Income as set out in the following tables.
                    The parent entity has provided a corporate guarantee to secure the funding facility of the zipMoney
                    2017‑2 Trust as at 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021.
                    The Consolidated Statement of Financial Position of the Closed Group is set out in the following table:

                                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2022       RESTATED*
                                                                                                                       $000            $000

                        Assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   157,722        200,445
                        Restricted cash                                                                              12,834          27,928
                        Other receivables                                                                            49,173              6,336
                        Customer receivables                                                                      2,191,318       1,712,883
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                 3,062              2,952
                        Right‑of‑use assets                                                                           2,960              5,242
                        Intangible assets                                                                            20,867          13,715
                        Investments    1
                                                                                                                 1,230,703       1,639,246
                        Total Assets                                                                             3,668,639       3,608,747
                        Liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                    (52,610)        (27,672)
                        Employee provisions                                                                          (5,970)         (4,574)
                        Lease liabilities                                                                            (3,207)         (5,622)
                        Borrowings                                                                              (2,128,303)     (1,480,784)
                        Financial liabilities ‒ convertible notes and warrants                                    (380,916)       (469,966)
                        Total Liabilities                                                                       (2,571,006)      (1,988,618)
                        Net Assets                                                                                1,097,633      1,620,129
                        Equity
                        Issued capital1                                                                          2,041,496       1,688,785
                        Reserves                                                                                    105,167         106,139
                        Convertible notes ‒ equity                                                                  114,466         114,466
                        Accumulated losses                                                                       (1,163,496)      (289,261)
                        Total Equity                                                                              1,097,633      1,620,129

                    * The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.
                    1. The comparative information has been adjusted to comply with the changes in presentation in the current period.




                                                                                                                                            159
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    The Consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income of the Closed Group
                    is set out in the following table:

                                                                                                               30 JUNE 2021
                                                                                                30 JUNE 2022      RESTATED*
                                                                                                       $’000          $’000

                        Port folio interest income                                                  275,224          197,213
                        Transactional income                                                         18,244          11,349
                        Revenue                                                                    293,468          208,562
                        Other income                                                                    180             231
                        Bad debts and expected credit losses                                       (124,087)        (68,084)
                        Bank fees and data costs                                                    (22,667)         (19,757)
                        Interest expense                                                            (55,493)        (48,100)
                        Salaries and employee benef its expenses                                    (83,740)        (54,599)
                        Marketing expenses                                                          (20,829)        (24,851)
                        Information technology expenses                                             (22,128)         (14,187)
                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                      (19,208)        (14,880)
                        Share‑based payments                                                         (8,654)        (15,306)
                        Corporate f inancing costs                                                  (30,669)        (10,552)
                        Other operating costs                                                       (33,098)        (22,326)
                        Impairment of investments                                                  (866,282)              ‒
                        Fair Value gain (loss) on f inancial instruments                             119,310        (82,049)
                        Loss Before Income Tax                                                     (873,897)     (165,898)
                        Income tax expense                                                             (338)              ‒
                        Loss Af ter Income Tax                                                     (874,235)     (165,898)
                        Other Comprehensive Income, Net of Tax                                            ‒               ‒
                        Total Comprehensive Loss                                                   (874,235)     (165,898)

                    *    The comparative information is restated. Please refer to Note 28.

                    CONTINGENCIES
                    Other than reported in Note 21, the parent entity had no contingencies as at 30 June 2022 and
                    30 June 2021.

                    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS — PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                    The parent entity had no capital commitments for property, plant and equipment as at 30 June 2022
                    and 30 June 2021.




                    160 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 26. INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARIES
                    A. ULTIMATE PARENT
                    Zip Co Limited is the ultimate parent entity and the parent entity of the consolidated entity from a
                    legal perspective.

                    B. CORPORATE STRUCTURE
                    The legal corporate structure of the consolidated entity is set out below:

                                                                                                         OWNERSHIP INTEREST

                                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS/   30 JUNE 2022   30 JUNE 2021
                        NAME                                          COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION                  %              %

                        Legal parent
                        Zip Co Limited1                               Australia
                        Legal subsidiaries
                        zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd1                    Australia                            100%            100%
                        zipMoney Trust 2017‑1     2
                                                                      Australia                            100%            100%
                        zipMoney Trust 2017‑2     2
                                                                      Australia                            100%            100%
                        Zip Master Trust 2                            Australia                            100%            100%
                        zipMoney Holdings Pty Ltd1                    Australia                            100%            100%
                        zipMoney Securities Ltd                       Australia                            100%            100%
                        Pocketbook Holdings Pty Ltd                   Australia                            100%            100%
                        Pocketbook Australia Pty Ltd                  Australia                            100%            100%
                        Pocketbook Technologies Pty Ltd               Australia                            100%            100%
                        Zip Domestic Holdings Pty Limited             Australia                            100%            100%
                        Zip International Holdings Pty Limited        Australia                            100%            100%
                        Zip International India Pty Ltd               Australia                            100%               ‒
                        Zip Business Australia Pty Ltd                Australia                            100%            100%
                        Funding Box 3                                 Australia                            100%            100%
                        ZipBiz Trust 2020‑1   2
                                                                      Australia                            100%            100%
                        Zip Business Trust 2022‑1 2                   Australia                            100%               ‒
                        Urge Holdings Pty Ltd                         Australia                            100%            100%
                        Urge Technologies Pty Ltd                     Australia                            100%            100%
                        Schnap Pty Ltd                                Australia                            100%            100%
                        zipMoney Payments (NZ) Limited                New Zealand                          100%            100%
                        Zip Business New Zealand Pty Ltd
                        (formerly Spotcap New Zealand Ltd)            New Zealand                          100%            100%
                        Funding Box NZ Limited                        New Zealand                          100%            100%
                        Zip Co NZ Limited                             New Zealand                          100%            100%
                        Zip Co NZ Finance Limited                     New Zealand                          100%            100%
                        Zip NZ Trust 2021‑1                           New Zealand                          100%               ‒




                                                                                                                              161
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     OWNERSHIP INTEREST

                                                                               PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS/      30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                        NAME                                                   COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION                     %               %

                        Zip Co Payments UK Limited                             United Kingdom                           100%            100%
                        Zip Co Finance UK Limited                              United Kingdom                           100%            100%
                        Zip UK Holdings LTD                                    United Kingdom                           100%            100%
                        QuadPay Inc.                                           United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay AR1 LLC                                        United States of America                 100%            100%
                        AR2 Holdco LLC                                         United States of America                 100%            100%
                        AR2 LLC                                                United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay Canada Holdings Inc                            United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay ULC                                            Canada                                   100%            100%
                        Zip Co Payments Mexico. S.A.de C.V.                    Mexico                                   100%            100%
                        Zip Global Consulting Pte Ltd                          Singapore                                100%            100%
                        Spotii Holdings Ltd                                    United Arab Emirates                     100%                 ‒
                        Spotii DMMC                                            United Arab Emirates                     100%                 ‒
                        Spotii Arabia for Information Technology (KSA)         Kingdom of Saudi Arabia                  100%                 ‒
                        Spotii Pakistan (SMC‑Private) Limited                  Pakistan                                 100%                 ‒
                        Pay flex Proprietary Limited                           South Africa                             100%                 ‒
                        Twisto Payments a.s..                                  Czech Republic                           100%                 ‒
                        Nikita Engine s.r.o.                                   Czech Republic                           100%                 ‒
                        Twisto FinCo s.r.o.                                    Czech Republic                           100%                 ‒
                        Twisto Polska Sp z.o.o.                                Poland                                   100%                 ‒
                        Twisto Finco PL Sp. z.o.o.                             Poland                                   100%                 ‒
                        Hemenal Finansman A.Ş.                                 Turkey                                    60%                 ‒
                        QuadPay Inc.                                           United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay AR1 LLC                                        United States of America                 100%            100%
                        AR2 Holdco LLC                                         United States of America                 100%            100%
                        AR2 LLC                                                United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay Canada Holdings Inc                            United States of America                 100%            100%
                        QuadPay ULC                                            Canada                                   100%            100%
                        Zip Co Payments Mexico. S.A.de C.V.                    Mexico                                   100%            100%

                    1. These entities have entered into a deed of cross guarantee, refer to Note 25 for details.
                    2. Ownership is through zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd, which is both the Participating Unitholder and Residual Unitholder of the
                       zipMoney Trust 2017‑1, and the zipMoney Trust 2017‑2, the Zip Master Trust, the ZipBiz Trust 2020‑1 and the Zip Business
                       Trust 2022‑1.




                    162 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    NOTE 27. SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS
                    MOVEMENTS IN SHARE‑BASED PAYMENTS RESERVE
                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2022    30 JUNE 2021
                        DETAILS                                                                              $‘000           $‘000

                        Opening balance                                                                   116,515          19,700
                        Recognised for the year
                        – At Risk Short‑Term Incentive                                                     18,484        130,735
                        – At Risk Long‑Term Incentive                                                       1,647           2,463
                        – Fixed Long‑Term Equity                                                           13,180          3,884
                        – Amazon warrants                                                                   (2,931)         1,758
                        – Recognition of replacement options issued to QuadPay at acquisition                   ‒         85,292
                        – Recognition of replacement options issued to QuadPay af ter acquisition             557          4,003
                        – Issue of shares to business acquisition                                           2,156               ‒
                        – Issue of shares to IT development and sof tware purchases                           264               ‒
                        Total recognised for the year                                                      33,357        228,135
                        Exercised for the year
                        – Trans fer of share‑based payments                                               (41,544)       (123,267)
                        – Issue of shares to Zip Employee Share Trust                                     (22,853)         (8,053)
                        Total exercised for the year                                                      (64,397)       (131,320)
                        Closing balance                                                                    85,475         116,515


                    EMPLOYEE SHORT‑TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                    Short‑term incentives are granted to employees for their contribution to the per formance of the
                    consolidated entity and include annual share awards, sign‑on bonuses and project‑specif ic
                    incentives. Provision is made during the year for incentives that are to be issued during the year
                    and in subsequent years.
                    Shares have been issued under the Employee Short‑Term Incentive Plan as follows:
                    –      4,953,510 ordinary shares issued in financial year 2022 with a weighted average share price of $5.83.
                    –      11,636,639 ordinary shares issued in financial year 2021 with a weighted average share price of $5.56.
                    Shares issued vest immediately other than those issued to KMP as set out in the Remuneration Report.
                    Shares issued under the Short‑Term Incentive Plan are expensed as share‑based payments as the
                    obligation is incurred.

                    EMPLOYEE LONG‑TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
                    Per formance rights include At Risk Long‑Term Incentive (LTI) and Fixed Long‑Term Equity (LTE),
                    which are subject to the consolidated entity’s Remuneration Framework Structure as set out in
                    Remuneration Report.

                    LTI:
                    LTIs have been issued under the consolidated entity’s Employee Long‑Term Incentive Plan as follows:
                    –      374,756 LTIs issued in f inancial year 2022 to management; and
                    –      1,872,202 LTIs issued in f inancial year 2021 to management.



                                                                                                                                163
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    Details of LTIs outstanding during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                                                                        AVERAGE        NUMBER
                                                                                                      FAIR VALUE         OF LTE
                                                                                                              ($)       ISSUED

                        Balance at the 30 June 2020                                                                 3,109,159
                        Granted during the year                                                            3.48     1,872,202
                        Lapsed during the year                                                              0.31    (350,000)
                        Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                 4,631,361
                        Granted during the year                                                            2.99       374,756
                        Lapsed during the year                                                             4.99     (1,094,418)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                     3,911,699

                    The LTIs have a nil exercise price and vest on the achievement of Total Shareholder Return or
                    Transaction Volume hurdles and time‑based hurdles over the period from the date of grant to the
                    assessment dates. The assessment dates are up to 3, 4, and 5 years from the date of grant.
                    LTIs granted were valued by an independent valuation using a custom‑built Monte Carlo model which
                    simulates multiple paths for the share price over the duration of the grant’s life. The pay out of the
                    rights is then calculated along each simulated path based on the realised per formance of the share
                    price along that path and discounted to the valuation date. The value of the rights is then averaged
                    across all the simulations to obtain the fair value of the rights. This process is repeated for each
                    volatility scenario. These benef its are amortised as share‑based payments over the vesting period.

                    LTE:
                    LTEs issued provide Zip with the best opportunity to attract and retain senior leaders and high‑quality
                    talent. LTEs were issued with equal vesting over 4 years (25% per year). LTE is not subject to any
                    per formance hurdles and only requires the employees to remain employed for the rights to vest.
                    Details of LTEs outstanding during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                                                                        AVERAGE        NUMBER
                                                                                                      FAIR VALUE         OF LTE
                                                                                                              ($)       ISSUED

                        Balance at the 30 June 2020                                                                          ‒
                        Granted during the year                                                             7.82    2,193,067
                        Lapsed during the year                                                             8.43       (41,609)
                        Vested during the year                                                              7.28       (5,800)
                        Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                 2,145,658
                        Granted during the year                                                            5.46     5,837,586
                        Lapsed during the year                                                             6.58     (1,907,352)
                        Vested during the year                                                              7.16     (795,345)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                     5,280,547

                    All granted LTEs were valued under risk neutral principles, with the future expected value for each
                    LTE being the grant date share price escalated at the risk‑free rate. This future expected value is
                    discounted back to the grant date using the risk‑free rate, resulting in the fair value at the grant
                    date being Zip’s share price at the grant date.




                    164 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    SHARE OPTIONS
                    SHARE OPTIONS ISSUED ON ACQUISITION OF QUADPAY
                    The options issued during the f inancial year 2021 were the replacement awards issued to employees
                    and other option holders of QuadPay on the acquisition of QuadPay. The outstanding share options in
                    QuadPay were replaced by options in Zip at 31 August 2020 on the acquisition of QuadPay. There were
                    10,480,369 replacement options issued to employees and non‑employees. No amounts were paid or
                    payable by the recipient on receipt of the option. The options carry neither rights to dividends nor
                    voting rights. Options may be exercised at any time from the date of vesting to the date of their expiry.
                    Each option expires on the earlier of:
                    –      The expiry dates of the options which varies between 28 May 2028 and 28 May 2030; and
                    –      The date on which the options otherwise lapse in accordance with the terms of the Award
                           Agreement between the Company and the relevant QuadPay option holder, and the terms
                           of the QuadPay option Plan.
                    Details of Employee Share Options outstanding during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                                                                        AVERAGE
                                                                                                       EXERCISE
                                                                                                           PRICE        NUMBER
                                                                                                              ($)    OF OPTIONS

                        Balance at the 30 June 2020                                                                          ‒
                        Granted during the year                                                            0.20     10,480,369
                        Exercised during the year                                                           0.17    (6,617,823)
                        Balance at the 30 June 2021                                                                 3,862,546
                        Exercised during the year                                                           0.27     (2,177,352)
                        For feited during the year                                                         0.48       (713,484)
                        Expired during the year                                                             0.27       (11,448)
                        Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                       960,262

                    Replacement options were valued at $85.3 million at 31 August 2020 by using a Black Scholes pricing
                    model, with the key inputs being the grant dates share price of $9.16, weighted average exercised price
                    of $0.20, expected volatility of 50%, expected life of 8 to 10 years, risk free rate of 0.07%, and expected
                    dividend yield of nil. In determining the expected prospective volatility, an observed 4 year historical
                    volatility of share prices was considered, based on the share prices of a range of comparable
                    companies in the industry which Zip operates, as well as that of Zip.
                    For options exercised during the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, the weighted average Zip share
                    price at the dates of exercise was $3.40.

                    WESTPAC OPTIONS
                    At 30 June 2022, the Company had 5,880,000 outstanding options held by Westpac Banking Corporation
                    that vest based on the achievement of certain revenue hurdles. No person entitled to exercise the
                    options had or has any right by virtue of the option to participate in any share issue of the Company
                    or of any other body corporate. In the event a hurdle is achieved, the associated options vest, and
                    lapse 12 months af ter vesting. As at 30 June 2022, none of the revenue hurdles had been met and no
                    options have vested. Options relating to any hurdle not achieved by 10 August 2022 automatically lapse.
                    The 5,880,000 options lapsed on this basis and were cancelled on 8 September 2022.




                                                                                                                             165
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    AMAZON WARRANTS
                    During the f inancial year ended 30 June 2022, a credit adjustment of $2.9 million was made to the
                    share‑based payment expense in relation to the Amazon warrants (FY21: expense of $1.7 million).
                    Refer to Note 18 for details.


                    NOTE 28. PRIOR PERIOD ADJUSTMENTS
                    During 2022, the consolidated entity determined that the consolidated f inancial statements for the
                    f inancial year 2021 contained certain misstatements which require restatement.

                    The restated f inancial statements are indicated as “Restated” in the f inancial statements and
                    accompanying notes, as applicable. Where relevant, the reported values have been updated
                    and changes have been detailed in footnotes throughout the f inancial statements and the
                    accompanying notes.

                    A. BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT RESTATEMENTS
                    As part of the ongoing improvement in the receivables and payables reconciliation processes for
                    Zip’s US operations (QuadPay was acquired in August 2020), the following adjustments were identif ied.
                    All of the identif ied matters relate to June 2021 positions in relation to the Zip US (formerly QuadPay)
                    balances, from the business acquired in August 2020. Therefore, there was no impact on the historical
                    information and positions previously reported at 30 June 2020.
                    a.   A reduction in customer receivables of $4.4 million and a reduction in trade and other payables of
                         $1.3 million, with a corresponding decrease in revenue of $3.1 million, in relation to the improvement
                         in the effective interest income calculation process for customer receivables.
                    b.   A reduction in customer receivables of $7.6 million with a corresponding increase in the bad
                         debts and expected credit loss expense of $7.6 million, in relation to the incorrect accounting
                         for customer disputes.

                    c.   An increase in trade and other payables of $6.1 million with a corresponding increase in other
                         operating expense of $6.1 million, and an increase in marketing expenses of $2.5 million with a
                         corresponding decrease in other receivables of $2.5 million, due to adjustments to operating costs.
                    d.   A reduction in customer receivables of $8.0 million with a corresponding reduction to trade and
                         other payables of $8.0 million due to a balance sheet posting error. The adjustment has no impact
                         on Loss Before Income Tax.
                    e.   A reduction in customer receivables of $12.0 million with a corresponding reduction to trade and
                         other payables of $12.0 million due to the elimination of pre‑approved customer loan authorisation
                         amounts. The adjustment has no impact on Loss Before Income Tax.

                    B. CASH FLOW RESTATEMENTS
                    Within the consolidated statement of cash flows, “Net increase in receivables” ($930.0 million) and
                    “Borrowing transaction costs” ($2.1 million) have been reclassif ied from “Net Cash Flow from Investing
                    Activities” and “Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities” respectively into “Net Cash Flow to
                    Operating Activities”.
                    In accordance with AASB 107 Statement of Cash Flows, this change in presentation was considered
                    appropriate given the cash flows were primarily derived from the consolidated entity’s principal
                    revenue‑generating activities.
                    This resulted in a change in net cash flow from operations of $44.2 million to net cash flow to operations
                    of $887.9 million.




                    166 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    C. RECLASSIFICATIONS
                    Zip also made certain reclassif ications of account balances across its consolidated balance sheet and
                    consolidated income statement as management believe that the revised presentation provides more
                    relevant information to the users of its f inancial statements and is aligned with common industry
                    practice. Principal changes included:
                    –   In accordance with AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements, the presentation of the
                        consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income was changed in
                        respect of:
                        –   Revenue: to present separately interest revenue calculated using the effective interest method
                            from transactional income.

                        –   Expenses: to present expenses groupings “by nature”.
                    –   The presentation of the consolidated balance sheet was changed in respect of:
                        –   O ff set “Deferred tax assets” and “Deferred tax liabilities” in accordance with
                            AASB 112 Income Taxes.
                        –   Further disaggregation of “Cash and cash equivalents” into “Cash and cash equivalents”
                            and “Restricted Cash”.
                    The following tables represent the consolidated entity’s restated consolidated statements of prof it or
                    loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statements of changes in equity, and consolidated
                    statements of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2021, as well as restated consolidated statement
                    of f inancial position at 30 June 2021.
                    The values as previously reported for the f inancial year 2021 were derived from the consolidated
                    entity’s Annual Report dated 29 September 2021.




                                                                                                                        167
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    (1) Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income1
                                                                             PREVIOUSLY        RECLASSIFI     RESTATE-     CURRENTLY
                                                                              REPORTED          – CATIONS       MENTS       REPORTED
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                           $’000             $’000        $’000         $’000      FOOTNOTE

                        Operating Income                                          397,068      (397,068)             ‒               ‒            2
                        Port folio interest income                                347,394        (6,940)        (3,149)      337,305           a,2
                        Transactional income                                       49,674         6,940              ‒         56,614             2
                        Revenue                                                   397,068              ‒        (3,149)      393,919              a
                        Interest Expense                                                 ‒      (63,780)             ‒        (63,780)            3
                            Amortisation of Funding                                 (5,129)        5,129             ‒               ‒            3
                            Interest Expense                                       (58,651)      58,651               ‒              ‒            3
                        Bad debts and expected credit losses                      (123,881)            ‒        (7,641)     (131,522)             b
                        Bank fees and data costs                                    (71,511)           ‒              ‒        (71,511)
                        Other Income                                                   451             ‒              ‒           451
                        Other operating expenses                                         ‒      (39,404)       (6,060)        (45,464)          c,4
                            Administration expenses                                (27,047)       27,047              ‒              ‒            4
                            Occupancy expenses                                      (2,419)        2,419             ‒               ‒            4
                            Acquisition of business costs                           (9,938)       9,938              ‒               ‒            4
                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses                           ‒       (91,768)            ‒        (91,768)            5
                            Depreciation expense                                    (5,772)        5,772             ‒               ‒            5
                            Amortisation of intangibles                           (85,996)       85,996               ‒              ‒            5
                        Salaries and employee benef its expenses                   (97,692)            ‒              ‒       (97,692)
                        Information technology expenses                            (24,027)            ‒              ‒       (24,027)
                        Marketing expenses                                         (71,230)            ‒        (2,524)       (73,754)            c
                        Share‑based payments                                      (142,843)            ‒              ‒     (142,843)
                        Corporate f inancing costs                                 (10,796)            ‒              ‒       (10,796)
                        Share of loss of associates                                   (753)            ‒              ‒          (753)
                        Fair value (loss) gain on f inancial
                        instruments                                                (77,613)            ‒              ‒       (77,613)
                        Net adjustment relating to the
                        acquisition of QuadPay                                (306,235)                ‒              ‒    (306,235)
                        Loss before Income Tax                                    (724,014)            ‒       (19,374)     (743,388)
                        Income tax benef it                                        65,240              ‒             ‒        65,240
                        Loss af ter Income Tax                                    (658,774)            ‒       (19,374)     (678,148)
                        Basis loss per share (cents)                               (128.16)            ‒         (3.77)       (131.93)
                        Diluted loss per share (cents)                             (128.16)            ‒         (3.77)       (131.93)

                    1. In accordance with AASB 101, the presentation of the consolidated Statement of Prof it or Loss and Other Comprehensive
                       Income changed in respect of :
                         – Revenue: presenting separately interest revenue calculated using the e ffective interest method.
                         – Expenses: presenting expenses groupings “by nature”.
                         – Removed cost of sales and gross prof it sub‑totals.
                    2. Presented “Port folio interest income” and “Transaction income” separately. Reclassif ication of Establishment fees f rom
                       “Port folio interest income” to “Transactional income”.
                    3. Combined “Amortisation of f unding” with “Interest expense” into “Interest expense”.
                    4. Combined into one line item “Other operating expenses”.
                    5. Combined “Depreciation expense” and “Amortisation of intangibles” into one line item “Depreciation and amortisation expenses”.
                    a,b,c. Re fer to section A for correction of misstatements.


                    168 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    (2) Statement of Financial Position
                                                                          PREVIOUSLY        RECLASSIFI          RESTATE       CURRENTLY
                                                                           REPORTED          – CATIONS          – MENTS        REPORTED
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                        $’000             $’000             $’000          $’000     FOOTNOTE

                        Cash and cash equivalents                           330,201             (40,989)               ‒        289,212               1
                        Restricted cash                                             ‒           40,989                 ‒         40,989               1
                        Other receivables                                     32,719                  ‒         (2,524)          30,195              c
                        Customer receivables                              1,988,036                   ‒        (32,089)       1,955,947       a,b,d,e
                        Deferred tax assets                                   10,312            (10,312)               ‒                ‒            2
                        Total Assets                                      3,374,738             (10,312)       (34,613)      3,329,813
                        Trade and other payables                             73,096                   ‒        (15,239)          57,857       a,c,d,e
                        Deferred tax liabilities                              10,312            (10,312)               ‒                ‒            2
                        Total Liabilities                                 2,231,926             (10,312)       (15,239)      2,206,375
                        Net Assets                                         1,142,812                  ‒         (19,374)      1,123,438
                        Accumulated losses                                  (747,146)                 ‒         (19,374)      (766,520)         a,b,c
                        Total Equity                                       1,142,812                  ‒         (19,374)      1,123,438

                    1. Presented “Cash and cash equivalents” separately as “Cash and cash equivalents” and “Restricted Cash”.
                    2. O ff set “De ferred tax assets” and “Deferred tax liabilities” relating to the same tax jurisdictions in accordance with ASB 112.
                       a,b,c,d,e. Re fer to section A in this note for correction of misstatements.

                    (3) Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                           PREVIOUSLY         RESTATE –
                                                                                            REPORTED             MENTS      AS RESTATED
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                                         $’000             $’000           $’000     FOOTNOTE

                        Loss for the period                                                    (658,774)        (19,374)       (678,148)        a,b,c
                        Total Comprehensive loss                                            (678,065)           (19,374)       (697,439)        a,b,c
                        Accumulated losses                                                     (747,146)        (19,374)      (766,520)         a,b,c
                        Total Equity                                                           1,142,812        (19,374)      1,123,438         a,b,c

                    a,b,c. Re fer to section A in this note for correction of misstatements.

                    (4) Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                           PREVIOUSLY         RESTATE –
                                                                                            REPORTED             MENTS      AS RESTATED
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                                         $’000             $’000           $’000     FOOTNOTE

                        Net increase in receivables                                                   ‒      (930,054)        (930,054)               1
                        Borrowing transaction costs                                                   ‒         (2,084)          (2,084)             2
                        Net Cash Flow to Operating Activities                                   44,223       (932,138)         (887,915)
                        Net increase in receivables                                         (930,054)         930,054                   ‒             1
                        Net Cash Flow to Investing Activities                               (938,300)         930,054            (8,246)
                        Borrowing transaction costs                                              (2,084)         2,084                  ‒            2
                        Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities                             1,190,970            2,084        1,193,054




                                                                                                                                                     169
                        FINANCIAL REPORT




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                                      PREVIOUSLY       RESTATE –
                                                                                       REPORTED           MENTS      AS RESTATED
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021                                    $’000           $’000           $’000    FOOTNOTE

                        Net increase in cash, cash equivalents,
                        and restricted cash                                             296,893                 ‒       296,893

                    1. “Net increase in receivables” previously presented as “Net Cash Flow f rom Investing Activities” now presented as
                       “Net Cash Flow to Operating Activities”.
                    2. “Borrowing transaction costs” previously presented as “Net Cash Flow f rom Financing Activities” now presented as
                       “Net Cash Flow to Operating Activities”.


                    NOTE 29. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, in light of current macroeconomic and market conditions, Zip and Sezzle
                    Inc. have mutually agreed to terminate their previously announced merger agreement for the proposed
                    acquisition of Sezzle by Zip.
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, an arbitration was entered into with respect to a legal dispute associated
                    with an alleged breach of contract. The directors consider the most likely outcome at this time is that
                    there is no material present obligation arising from a past event.
                    Following the decision to discontinue the Trade and Trade Plus products, the $13.5 million drawn under
                    the funding facility in place to provide funding to support these products was fully repaid in July 2022.
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2022, Zip made the decision to close its operations in Singapore and the UK,
                    in line with initiatives to reduce the Group’s cash burn following Zip’s strategic review of its
                    global operations.
                    On 26 August 2022, Zip waived the conditional right to increase its shareholding in relation to its
                    investment in its associate ZestMoney.
                    On 1 September 2022, Zip cancelled $40.0 million of $100.0 million Interest Bearing Convertible Notes
                    that were issued in September 2020 to CVI Investments, Inc., an aff iliate of Heights Capital Management,
                    which is an aff iliate of the US‑based Susquehanna International Group (“SIG”). Under the terms of the
                    Convertible Notes, SIG elected to redeem $40.0 million convertible notes, with the repayment by Zip of
                    $42,987,857 which included accrued interest of $2,987,857. Following the redemption, 600 Convertible
                    Notes remain outstanding and held by CVI Investments, Inc.
                    To the date of the release of this report, there have been no other material items, transactions or
                    events subsequent to 30 June 2022 which relate to conditions existing at that date and which require
                    comment or adjustment to the f igures dealt with in this report.




                    170 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                        Directors’ Declaration




                    Directors’ Declaration




For personal use only
                    The Directors declare that in the Directors’ opinion:
                    –    There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                         when they become due and payable;
                    –    The attached f inancial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting
                         Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as described in Note 1
                         to the f inancial statements;
                    –    The attached f inancial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the
                         Accounting Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional
                         reporting requirements;
                    –    The attached f inancial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s
                         f inancial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its per formance for the f inancial year ended on that
                         date; and
                    –    The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations
                         Act 2001.
                    At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC
                    Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785. The nature of the deed of cross
                    guarantee is such that each company which is party to the deed guarantees to each creditor payment
                    in full of any debt in accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.
                    In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies
                    to which ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 applies, as detailed in
                    Note 25 to the f inancial statements will, as a group, be able to meet any liabilities to which they are,
                    or may become, subject because of the deed of cross guarantee.
                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the
                    Corporations Act 2001.
                    On behalf of the Directors,




                    Larry Diamond
                    Managing Director & Global Chief Executive O ff icer
                    28 September 2022




                                                                                                                            171
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                    Independent Auditor’s
                    Report to the Members




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                               ABN 74 490 121 060
                                                                                                                               Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                               225 George Street
                                                                                                                               Sydney, NSW, 2000
                                                                                                                               Australia

                                                                                                                               Tel: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                               www.deloitte.com.au




                               Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Zip Co Limited
                               Report on the Audit of the Financial Report
                               Opinion
                               We have audited the financial report of Zip Co Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) which
                               comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit
                               or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
                               statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
                               significant accounting policies, and the directors’ declaration.
                               In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                               including:
                                     •            giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial
                                                  performance for the year then ended; and
                                     •            complying with Australian Standards and the Corporations Regulation 2001.


                               Basis for Opinion
                               We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards
                               are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We
                               are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act
                               2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
                               for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
                               financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
                               We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given to the
                               directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor's report.
                               We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


                               Key Audit Matters
                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
                               financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
                               report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                               Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte organisation.




                    172 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                           Key Audit Matters                 How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                   Matters
                        Impairment of Non-Financial Assets                   Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                        The Group’s recognised goodwill and other            •   Obtaining an understanding of any changes to the
                        intangible assets were assessed by management            internal and external impairment indicators (such as
                        for impairment.                                          the impact of macro-economic factors on cash flow
                                                                                 forecasts, revisions to strategic direction and changes
                        Goodwill acquired in a business combination was
                                                                                 in market capitalisation);
                        allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating
                        units (CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the   •   Making inquiries with management and considering
                        synergies of the combination and represents the          the external market evidence on the impairment
                        lowest level within the Group at which the               assessment;
                        goodwill is monitored for internal management
                                                                             •   Assessing management’s position paper to identify
                        purposes.
                                                                                 the CGU to which goodwill has been allocated and
                        Goodwill and intangible asset impairment is a            ensured that CGU is not allocated at a higher level
                        significant area of judgement and the impairment         than its operating segment;
                        models are dependent upon the key assumptions.
                                                                             •   Evaluating consistency of management’s projections,
                        During the annual impairment assessment                  historical track record and external market evidence;
                        process, management reviewed and revised its
                                                                             •   Assessing the reasonableness of key assumptions
                        strategic priorities to increase focus on
                                                                                 used in the model prepared by management such as
                        sustainable growth and profitability in core
                                                                                 the Board’s revised strategic direction, forecast total
                        markets. Consequently, reducing capital available
                                                                                 transaction volumes, terminal growth rates and
                        and growth rates across some CGU’s and as a
                                                                                 discount rates;
                        result the recoverable amount of some CGUs was
                        significantly less than their carrying amount.       •   In conjunction with our valuation specialists, assessing
                                                                                 the model methodology and mathematical accuracy,
                        As disclosed in Note 13 and Note 14, the
                                                                                 the reasonableness of management assumptions used
                        consolidated entity has impaired the carrying
                                                                                 and considered the appropriateness of the
                        amount of goodwill by $768.4m and other
                                                                                 impairment charges recognised; and
                        intangible assets by $52.7m.
                                                                             •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 1 F.,
                                                                                 Note 1 L. Note 1 M., Note 13 and Note 14 to the
                                                                                 financial statements.




                                                                                                                                      2




                                                                                                                                            173
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                    Independent Auditor’s Report
                    to the Members




For personal use only
                    Cont.




                                                    Key Audit Matters                 How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                            Matters
                                Expected credit loss provisioning                     Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                                As at 30 June 2022, the carrying value of             •   Obtaining an understanding of the methodology and
                                Customer Receivables recorded was $2,508m,                credit judgments made by management in the ECL
                                which includes a provision for expected credit loss       models;
                                (ECL) of $160.2m as disclosed in Note 11.
                                                                                      •   Understanding the key controls relating to the
                                Models to measure the ‘expected credit losses’            customer loan approval processes and identification
                                involve significant judgements and assumptions            of overdue amounts;
                                made by management.
                                                                                      •   Agreeing a sample of data used as inputs into the ECL
                                                                                          models to relevant source documentation and
                                                                                          historical loan portfolio performance records;

                                                                                      •   Testing the data inputs used in calculating the
                                                                                          probability of default roll rates to assess
                                                                                          reasonableness;

                                                                                      •   Assessing the reasonableness of management’s key
                                                                                          assumptions and recent historical recovery data used
                                                                                          in determining loss given default and lifetime
                                                                                          expected loss;

                                                                                      •   Assessing the provisioning methodology with
                                                                                          reference to relevant accounting standards and
                                                                                          market practices;

                                                                                      •   Assessing the mathematical accuracy of the model
                                                                                          calculations;

                                                                                          Challenging management’s judgements in respect to
                                                                                          the macroeconomic factors and judgemental overlays
                                                                                          in response to the current macroeconomic
                                                                                          environment; and

                                                                                      •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 1 F.,
                                                                                          Note 11 and 20 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                              3




                    174 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                           Key Audit Matters                 How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                   Matters
                        Acquisition accounting                               Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                        The Group completed three acquisitions during the    •   Assessing management’s key assumptions in
                        current financial year which were accounted for in       determining the appropriate business combination
                        accordance with AASB 3 Business Combinations.            treatment and the acquisition date of control in
                                                                                 accordance with the relevant accounting standards;
                        Total purchase consideration was $172.8m.
                                                                             •   Assessing      management’s          recognition       and
                        Management engaged an external valuation
                                                                                 measurement criteria in recording the purchase price,
                        expert to complete the purchase price allocation
                                                                                 the fair value of identified assets and liabilities as part
                        of the material assets acquired and liabilities
                                                                                 of the acquisition, and the residual allocation of
                        assumed on acquisition.
                                                                                 goodwill;
                        For the fair value of assets and liabilities
                                                                             •   Reviewing management’s position paper in assessing
                        recognised on acquisition, significant estimation
                                                                                 the acquisition date and goodwill allocation;
                        was used, particularly in respect of the valuation
                        of acquired intangible assets, such as brands,       •   Inspecting the acquisition date balances of cash,
                        technology and exclusive contracts.                      loans, borrowings and other material balance sheet
                                                                                 items of acquired entities back to signed agreements
                        The residual balance of $152.1m was allocated to
                                                                                 and bank statements;
                        goodwill, as disclosed in Note 6 and Note 14.
                                                                             •   Evaluating the external valuation reports used by
                                                                                 management in relation to the fair values of acquired
                                                                                 assets and liabilities of acquired entities;

                                                                             •   Assessing the competence and capabilities of
                                                                                 management’s valuation expert;

                                                                             •   In conjunction with our valuation specialists, assessing
                                                                                 management’s final fair value adjustments to
                                                                                 identified and acquired intangible assets, especially
                                                                                 the reasonableness of forecasts, growth rates and
                                                                                 discount rates used;

                                                                             •   Assessing the appropriateness of any acquisition fair
                                                                                 value adjustments;

                                                                             •   Evaluating the reasonableness that the fair value
                                                                                 determined by management was appropriate;

                                                                             •   Assessing alignment of acquired entities and the
                                                                                 Group’s accounting policies; and

                                                                             •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 1 F.,
                                                                                 Note 1 J, Note 6, Note 13 and Note 14 to the financial
                                                                                 statements.




                                                                                                                                        4




                                                                                                                                               175
                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members




                    Independent Auditor’s Report
                    to the Members




For personal use only
                    Cont.




                                                    Key Audit Matters                  How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                             Matters
                                Effective interest rate                                Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                                Portfolio interest income revenue recognition is       •   Obtaining an understanding of revenue streams,
                                calculated using the effective interest rate (‘EIR’)       products and offerings;
                                method under AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                                                                                       •   Assessing the accounting policies adopted by
                                (‘AASB 9’). When calculating the effective interest
                                                                                           management in respect of revenue and assessing they
                                rate, the Group estimates the expected cash flows
                                                                                           are in accordance with the relevant accounting
                                by considering all the contractual terms of the
                                                                                           standards;
                                loan receivables excluding the expected credit
                                losses.                                                •   Assessing the relevant internal controls over the
                                                                                           capture, measurement and reporting of revenue
                                As at 30 June 2022, Portfolio Income of $522.1m
                                                                                           transactions;
                                was reported in the financial statements.
                                Portfolio Income contains merchant fees,               •   Assessing the appropriateness of key assumptions
                                monthly fees and interest as disclosed in Note 1 I.        used in the revenue recognition model, including the
                                                                                           estimated future cash flows and the expected life of
                                The effective interest rate method is based on
                                                                                           the customer receivables balance;
                                management’s revenue recognition mode, which
                                contains a number of key estimates and                 •   Agreeing a sample of transactions to underlying
                                assumptions.                                               signed loan, merchant agreements and bank
                                                                                           statements;

                                                                                       •   Assessing the appropriateness of any unearned future
                                                                                           income adjustments made by management in
                                                                                           accordance with the relevant accounting standards;

                                                                                       •   Recalculating the principal components of portfolio
                                                                                           income under the effective interest rate method; and

                                                                                       •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures in Note 1 I.
                                                                                           and 1 Q. to the financial statements.

                                IT systems                                             Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                                                                                       •   Determining, through discussions with management,
                                                                                           the IT systems that were integral to the lending and
                                The accuracy and integrity of the Group’s financial
                                                                                           financial reporting processes and inclusion of the
                                reporting process is reliant on automated
                                                                                           relevant systems in the scope of our audit;
                                processes, controls and data managed by IT
                                systems.                                               •   Understanding the relevant controls; and

                                                                                       •   Assessing the design, implementation and operating
                                                                                           effectiveness of any controls that mitigated identified
                                                                                           risks.

                                                                                       •   In respect of IT identified control matters, we
                                                                                           performed extended substantive procedures (as
                                                                                           required).




                                                                                                                                               5




                    176 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
                        in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022, but does not include the financial report and our
                        auditor’s report thereon.
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                        assurance conclusion thereon.
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
                        so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
                        obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
                        we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
                        We have nothing to report in this regard.


                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
                        view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal
                        control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                        and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
                        a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                        accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
                        alternative but to do so.


                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
                        with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
                        can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
                        be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.
                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement and
                        maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                            •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or
                                 error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                                 sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                                 misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                                 collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                            •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
                                 are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                 effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
                            •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
                                 and related disclosures made by the directors.
                            •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                 based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                 conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                                 conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to

                                                                                                                                             6




                                                                                                                                                  177
                        Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members




                    Independent Auditor’s Report
                    to the Members




For personal use only
                    Cont.




                                        the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
                                        Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
                                        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
                                   •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures,
                                        and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
                                        achieves fair presentation.
                                   •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                        business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for
                                        the direction, supervision and performance of the Group’s audit. We remain solely responsible for our
                                        audit opinion.

                               We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                               and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
                               audit.
                               We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                               regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
                               be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
                               applied.
                               From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
                               in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
                               these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                               when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
                               because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                               benefits of such communication.


                               Report on the Remuneration Report
                               Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                               We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 58 to 91 of the Directors’ report for the year ended
                               30 June 2022.
                               In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Zip Co Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 complies with section
                               300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                               Responsibilities
                               The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                               in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                               Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                               DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                               Mark Lumsden
                               Partner
                               Chartered Accountants
                               Sydney, 28 September 2022
                                                                                                                                                    7




                    178 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                        Shareholder Information




                    Shareholder
                    Information




For personal use only
                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 2 September 2022.


                    DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITABLE SECURITIES
                    Analysis of number of equitable security holders by size of holding


                                                                                                NUMBER OF          NUMBER OF
                                                                                               HOLDERS OF         HOLDERS OF
                                                                                                 ORDINARY UNLISTED WARRANTS
                        RANGE                                                                      SHARES      EXP 06.11.2026

                        1 to 1,000                                                                78,332                   ‒
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                            28,355                   ‒
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                            6,926                   ‒
                        10,001 to 100,000                                                           7,044                  ‒
                        100,001 and over                                                             434                    1
                        Total                                                                     121,091                   1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                                      61,911                  ‒


                                                                                                                    NUMBER OF
                                                                              NUMBER OF                            HOLDERS OF
                                                                             HOLDERS OF                             UNQUOTED
                                                                     UNLISTED WARRANTS       CONVERTIBLE      OPTIONS VESTING
                        RANGE                                             EXP 01.09.2023          NOTES            10.08.2022

                        1 to 1,000                                                    ‒                  1                 ‒
                        100,001 and over                                               1                ‒                   1
                        Total                                                          1                 1                  1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                         ‒                 ‒                  ‒


                                                                              NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF          NUMBER OF
                                                                             HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF         HOLDERS OF
                                                                               UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED           UNQUOTED
                                                                           PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE        PERFORMANCE
                                                                         RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING    RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                                 15.02.2022        15.02.2023         15.02.2024

                        100,001 and over                                              2                 2                  2
                        Total                                                         2                 2                  2
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                         ‒                 ‒                  ‒




                                                                                                                           179
                        Shareholder Information




                    Shareholder Information
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                                                                     NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF
                                                                    HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF
                                                                      UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED
                                                                  PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE
                                                                RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                        15.09.2021        15.09.2022        15.09.2023

                        100,001 and over                                      1                3                 3
                        Total                                                 1                3                 3
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                 ‒                 ‒


                                                                                                         NUMBER OF
                                                                     NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF        HOLDERS OF
                                                                    HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF          UNQUOTED
                                                                      UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED      PERFORMANCE
                                                                  PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE     RIGHTS, VESTING
                                                                RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING            RANGE
                        RANGE                                        15.09.2023        15.09.2024        15.09.2025

                        10,001 to 100,000                                    4                 4                 4
                        Total                                                4                 4                 4
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                 ‒                 ‒


                                                                     NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF
                                                                    HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF
                                                                      UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED
                                                                  PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE
                                                                RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                        15.09.2022        15.09.2023        15.09.2024

                        10,001 to 100,000                                    3                  1                 1
                        Total                                                3                  1                 1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                 ‒                 ‒


                                                                     NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF         NUMBER OF
                                                                    HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF        HOLDERS OF
                                                                     UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED          UNQUOTED
                                                                  PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE       PERFORMANCE
                                                                RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING   RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                       14.09.2023        07.06.2023        07.06.2024

                        10,001 to 100,000                                    2                 ‒                 ‒
                        100,001 and over                                     ‒                  1                 1
                        Total                                                2                  1                 1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                 ‒                 ‒




                    180 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                                                                     NUMBER OF                             NUMBER OF
                                                                    HOLDERS OF                            HOLDERS OF
                                                                     UNQUOTED                               UNQUOTED
                                                                  PERFORMANCE                           PERFORMANCE
                                                                RIGHTS, VESTING                       RIGHTS, VESTING
                                                                    07.06.2022                             15.09.2024

                        10,001 to 100,000                                    0                                      5
                        100,001 and over                                      1                                     2
                        Total                                                 1                                     7
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                                      ‒


                                                                                                   LTI PLAN ‒ UNLISTED
                                                                                      NUMBER OF          PERFORMANCE
                                                                                     HOLDERS OF       RIGHTS, VESTINGS
                                                                                       UNQUOTED          VARIOUS DATES
                                                                      QUADPAY      PERFORMANCE                BETWEEN
                                                                     EMPLOYEE     RIGHTS VESTING          15.06.2021 &
                        RANGE                                         OPTIONS         08.03.2021            08.03.2025

                        1‑1,000                                              ‒                ‒                     2
                        1,001 to 5,000                                       2               23                    78
                        5,001 to 10,000                                      5               53                    91
                        10,001 to 100,000                                   22               21                  204
                        100,001 and over                                      1               ‒                    18
                        Total                                               30               97                  393
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                ‒                ‒                     ‒




                                                                                                                    181
                        Shareholder Information




                    Shareholder Information
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    EQUITY SECURITY HOLDERS
                    TWENTY LARGEST QUOTED EQUITY SECURITY HOLDERS
                    The names of the twenty largest security holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:

                                                                                                       ORDINARY SHARES

                                                                                                                 % OF TOTAL
                                                                                                  NUMBER HELD SHARES ISSUED

                        DIAMOND VENTURE HOLDINGS PTY LTD <DIAMOND FT A/C>                          54,448,015            7.91
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                   41,188,101           5.99
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                             24,803,009             3.61
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED – A/C 2                         22,894,858             3.33
                        MR PETER JOHN GRAY                                                         15,502,474            2.25
                        J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                   15,271,159           2.22
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                               9,914,271           1.44
                        ST LAWRENCE CORPORATION PTY LTD <ST LAWRENCE A/C>                          9,200,000             1.34
                        UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                         7,979,110           1.16
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                  7,198,342            1.05
                        TOMANOVIC MULTIOWN PTY LTD <AFS SUPER FUND A/C>                             6,100,000            0.89
                        MR ADAM MARC FINGER                                                         5,403,147            0.79
                        SUPERHERO SECURITIES LIMITED <CLIENT A/C>>                                 3,495,845             0.51
                        ROCKET INTERNET CAPITAL PARTNERS SCS <RICP SCS A/C>                        2,954,596             0.43
                        BRISPOT NOMINEES PTY LTD <HOUSE HEAD NOMINEE A/C>                           2,942,928            0.43
                        WARBONT NOMINEES PTY LTD <UNPAID ENTREPOT A/C>                             2,844,566             0.41
                        NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                   2,704,445            0.39
                        JASONMAY PTY LTD <HJG SUPER A/C>                                           2,500,000             0.36
                        MRS XIAOLI CAI                                                             2,390,000             0.35
                        ROCKET INTERNET CAPITAL PRTNRS (EURO)SCS                                    2,377,634            0.35
                        Total                                                                     242,112,500        35.21




                    182 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
For personal use only
                    UNQUOTED EQUITY SECURITIES
                                                                                                             NUMBER         NUMBER
                                                                                                            ON ISSUE    OF HOLDERS

                        Unlisted Warrants, Expiry 6 November 2026                                         9,134,375              1
                        Unlisted Warrants, Expiry 6 November 2026                                         3,653,750              1
                        Unlisted Warrants, Expiry 1 September 2023                                     19,365,208                1
                        Unlisted Per formance Options Vesting 10.08.2022                                  5,880,000              1
                        Convertible Notes, face value $100,000                                                  600              1
                        Quadpay Employee options                                                            864,307            30
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights 15.02.2022                                            406,666              2
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights 15.02.2023                                            406,666              2
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights 15.02.2024                                             406,668             2
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2021                                      116,667             1
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.02.2022                                     393,334             3
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2023                                     393,333             3
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2022                                      95,460             3
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.02.2023                                      54,795              1
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2024                                      54,794              1
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2023                                     227,360             4
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2024                                     227,358             4
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 15.09.2025                                     227,357             4
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Expiry 30.11.2027                                      374,756             7
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 14.09.2023                                      23,030             2
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 07/06/2022                                     110,000              1
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 07/06/2023                                     110,000              1
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights Vesting 07/06/2024                                     110,000              1
                        Long Term Incentive Plan – Unlisted Per formance Rights, vesting various
                        dates between 15/6/2021 and 8 March 2025                                          14,840,812          393
                        Unlisted Per formance Rights vesting 08/03/2021                                     781,329            97

                    The following persons holds 20% or more of unquoted equity securities:

                        NAME                                              CLASS                                        NUMBER HELD

                        AMAZON.COM NV INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LLC             Unlisted Warrants Expiry 6.11.2026           12,788,125
                        CVI INVESTMENTS, INC                              Unlisted Warrants Expiry 1.09.2023           19,365,208
                        WESTPAC BANKING CORPORATION                       Unlisted Per formance Options
                                                                          Vesting 10 August 2022                       5,880,000
                        CVI INVESTMENTS, INC                              Convertible Notes, Face Value $100,000              600




                                                                                                                                183
                        Shareholder Information




                    Shareholder Information
                    Cont.




For personal use only
                    SUBSTANTIAL HOLDERS
                    Substantial holders in the Company are set out below based on the shares disclosed as held from the
                    last Form 604 lodged by the shareholder:

                                                                                                     ORDINARY SHARES

                                                                                                NUMBER HELD   PERCENTAGE%

                        MR LARRY DIAMOND, MR LARRY DIAMOND + MRS ASHLYN DIAMOND
                        DIAMOND VENTURE HOLDINGS PTY LTD <DIAMOND UNIT A/C>                     55,165,552          8.05%
                        State Street Corporation and subs                                       39,400,084          5.91%



                    VOTING RIGHTS
                    Voting rights are as set out below:

                    ORDINARY SHARES:
                    On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and
                    upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

                    OPTIONS:
                    All quoted and unquoted options do not carry any voting rights.


                    ASX LISTING RULE 4.10.3
                    The corporate governance statement that meets the requirements of this rule is located on the
                    Company’s website https://zip.co/investors/about/corporate-governance




                    184 | ZIP Co Limited Annual Report 2022
                        Corporate Directory




                    Corporate Directory




For personal use only
                    DIRECTORS                                        AUDITORS
                    Diane Smith‑Gander AO (Chair)                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                     Grosvenor Place
                    Larry Diamond (Managing Director & Global CEO)
                                                                     225 George Street
                    Peter Gray (Executive Director & Global COO)     Sydney NSW 2000

                    John Batistich (Non‑Executive Director)
                    Meredith Scott (Non‑Executive Director)          SOLICITORS
                                                                     Arnold Bloch Liebler
                                                                     Level 24, 2 Chifley Square
                    COMPANY SECRETARY                                Sydney NSW 2000
                    David Franks
                    Tai Phan                                         SHARE REGISTRY
                                                                     Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                    REGISTERED OFFICE                                Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace
                                                                     Perth WA 6000
                    Level 5, 126 Phillip Street
                    Sydney NSW 2000
                    Website: www.zip.co                              INVESTOR ENQUIRIES
                                                                     investors@zip.co

                    SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                    ASX Code: ZIP




                                                                                                                   185
For personal use only
