                        ASX Release




For personal use only
                        30 September 2019



                        FY19 Annual Report Reissued.
                        Following the release of its FY19 Annual Report on Friday 27th September 2019 Zip Co
                        Limited (ASX : Z1P) identified an error in the table showing a summary of Group
                        Performance in the Remuneration Report. (page 35) The error is not material to users of
                        the Annual Report however Zip has today reissued a corrected version of the FY19 Annual
                        Report.

                        Details of the amounts previously shown and the correct amounts are as follows:

                                                     2019                 2018                 2017        2016

                                                       $                    $                    $          $

                         Previously shown:

                         Gross Receivables        675,544,007          300,602,824           143,831,709   38,112,587

                         Replaced by:

                         Gross Receivables         682,555,716          316,741,362         152,038,565    40,712,179




                        For more information, please contact:

                        Larry Diamond                   Martin Brooke
                        Chief Executive Officer         Chief Financial Officer
                        larry.diamond@zip.co            martin.brooke@zip.co


                        For general investor enquiries, email investors@zip.co




                                                        Zip Co Limited • ACN 139 546 428
                                              Level 14, 10 Spring Street, Sydney NSW 2000 • zip.co
                        About Zip
                        ASX-listed Zip Co Limited (Z1P: ASX) or (“Zip”) is a leading player in the digital retail
                        finance and payments industry. The Company offers point-of-sale credit and digital
                        payment services to the retail, education, health and travel industries. It operates under




For personal use only
                        the Zip Pay, Zip Money and Pocketbook brands. The Company is focused on offering
                        transparent, responsible and fairly priced consumer products. Zip’s platform is entirely
                        digital and leverages big data in its proprietary fraud and credit decisioning technology
                        to deliver real-time consumer responses. Zip is managed by a team with over 50 years’
                        experience in retail finance and payments and is a licensed and regulated credit
                        provider.


                        For more information, visit: www.zip.co




                                                        Zip Co Limited • ACN 139 546 428
                                              Level 14, 10 Spring Street, Sydney NSW 2000 • zip.co
                    Annual




For personal use only
                    Report
                    2019




                        Zip Co Ltd (ASX: Z1P)
For personal use only
                                OUR PURPOSE



                        The freedom to own it.

                                OUR MISSION




                        To be the first payment
                          choice everywhere
                            and every day.
                                                       The freedom to own it   01




For personal use only
                        Contents
                        02   Key Growth Drivers

                        14   CEO & Chairman’s Report

                        18   Financial Highlights

                        20   About Zip

                        22   Growth and Outlook

                        24   Board of Directors

                        26   Financial Report

                        IBC Corporate Directory
       02           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Zip is building a global
                    business with a mission
                    to be the first payment




For personal use only
                    choice everywhere and
                    every day.
                    Every day we create, build, and grow.
                    New markets, new products, new
                    partnerships. It’s what we do, here’s
                    how we deliver.

                    We focus on five growth drivers:




                             CUSTOMERS Connect with customers
                        1
                             everywhere and every day, building on our
                             1.3 million Zip users in Australia with new

                                                                           $1.1B
                             growth in international markets.


                             RETAILERS Help our retail partners grow       Transaction
                        2                                                    Volume2
                             by offering an instalment solution at
                             checkout. Embed ourselves into every
                             layer of the payments ecosystem.


                             PEOPLE Invest in our people. Encourage
                        3
                             a growth mindset, customer-obsessed,
                             with a passion for product.



                             PRODUCT INNOVATION Develop a culture
                        4
                             of experimentation, fast delivery, user
                             research to challenge the status quo and
                             meet the ever changing needs of customers.


                             ETHICS AND TRANSPARENCY
                        5
                             A payment solution that is fair and
                             transparent, empowering customers
                             to use Zip with confidence.
                                                                                The freedom to own it   03




                                                                         108%
                                                                         Growth YoY1




For personal use only
                                                              $84M
                                                              Revenue1




                                                                                    1.3M
                                                                                         Active
                                                                                       Customers3




                                          6x
                                     Consecutive
                                     quarters of
                                       positive
                                       EBTDA




                    1. FY19 revenue and growth year on year
                    2. FY19 aggregate transaction volume
                    3. Active customer accounts
       04           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    More customers, more
                    locations, more often.




For personal use only
                    The key to our success is the
                    happiness of our customers.


                    Customers choose Zip as the better, fairer, digital
                    alternative to the credit card. Not just a payment
                    method, Zip is a digital wallet positioned to
                    support a user’s everyday spending and be their
                    first payment choice everywhere.
                                                                                                                 80%                 Growth YoY1


                    Engagement is continually increasing as the
                    Zip value proposition drives more transactions,

                                                                                                                 97%
                    more often:
                                                                                                                                  Retention rate2
                    • A simple-to-use app with compelling
                      personalised offers from major brands
                    • An interest-free buy now, pay later solution
                      with faster payback
                    • A frictionless experience with real-time approval,                                BY AGE
                      instant checkout and flexible repayments
                                                                                                            Median age 34
                                                                                                                                           60%
                    This is why people from all generations and                                                                            Under
                    predominantly millennials and Gen Xers, choose                                                                         35
                    Zip. Speed, convenience and trust are universal
                    drivers of loyalty with 1.3 million customers
                    nationwide. With Australian customers proving
                    the Zip proposition, customers in New Zealand,
                    and the UK will soon be able to experience                                          ONLINE VS INSTORE 3
                    Zip for themselves.                                                                                                    68%
                                                                                                                                           Online
                                                                                                          Instore is growing
                                                                                                                                           32%
                                                                                                                                           Instore




                                                                                                        BY GENDER4
                                                                                                                                           63%
                                                                                                                                           Female
                                                                                                         19% growth in males
                                                                                                                                           37%
                                                                                                                                           Male




                                                                                                                  4.9                     4.8
                                                                                                                  Apple App               Google Play
                   1. 2019 year on year growth
                   2. Retention rate calculated as total account numbers less customer churn for FY19
                                                                                                                  Store Rating5           Store Rating5
                   3. Based on the total number of transactions (June 2019)
                   4. Based on the number of active customer accounts
                   5. App store ratings and reviews as at 30 June 2019
                                                          The freedom to own it   05




                         “..gives the user options to
                         buy now, pay later, pay bills




For personal use only
                           while letting you control
                          how much and how often
                           you want to pay...it’s my
                        number one choice when it
                        comes to payment options..”
                                  – Ricah




                        So glad not to be paying stupid
                         and excessive interest rates.
                         Have paid out and cancelled
                               my credit card...
                           5 star all the way, love it!
                                    – Scott
       06           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    We’re
                    passionate
                    about our




For personal use only
                    retailers.
                    Every day, we help more
                    businesses partner with Zip
                    as customer demand grows.
                                                                                                16K+ Partners
                        We count many of Australia’s biggest retailers as
                        our clients. Known high-street brands such as

                                                                              53% growth in partners
                        Target, Bunnings, Chemist Warehouse, Just Group
                        and Kmart choose to partner with Zip as a trusted                                                                                            1
                        alternative payment method. Merchants use Zip
                        to grow their business and build relationships
                        with their customers.
                        An increasing number of integration partners
                        such as Adyen, BigCommerce and Tyro deepen
                        Zip’s presence in the payment ecosystem.
                                                                              $217 average order value                                                                   2




                        Each integration partner accelerates acceptance,
                        unlocking new and increased value.
                        Zip’s product offering is proven in the market.
                        To accelerate growth, our core focus is to rapidly                                  Auto Travel
                                                                                                            4%   2%
                        increase the number of merchants using Zip to
                        position us as a credible first choice of payment,                Health
                                                                                          6%
                        more often.
                        Over 16,000 retailers trust Zip including some of
                        Australia’s biggest retailers and category leaders.
                        As Zip develops more integration and channel
                        partners, we become further embedded into every
                        layer of the payments ecosystem to drive more                                          BY VERTICAL3
                        merchants, more customers and more transactions.


                                                                              Home                                                                                  Retail
                                                                              21%                                                                                   52%




                             Zip is embedding itself in
                            every part of the payments
                            ecosystem. Each integration
                                partner accelerates
                            acceptance, unlocking new                         1. Partner growth in numbers year on year
                                                                              2. Average order value calculated in June 2019
                               and increased value.                           3. Chart illustrative of Zip’s key segments based on transaction value to June 2019
For personal use only
       08           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Passionate people,
                    extraordinary results.




For personal use only
                    Our Zipsters have the ability, drive and
                    ambition to take on the global market.


                    At Zip we are a collective of talented and passionate humans who are driven
                    by the desire to create the best payment experience for our customers.
                    Zip is a dynamic and fast-growing company built on a strong culture of
                    accountability, teamwork and innovation. This is underpinned by ethical
                    standards, transparency and integrity.

                    Zip has successfully grown from a fintech startup to supporting some of
                    Australia’s biggest retailers. To successfully expand our footprint globally
                    we are committed to continued investment in our people, culture and
                    workplace ensuring Zip is a natural home for the best talent in the industry.

                    Our Zipsters underpin everything we do.

                    Our culture of collaboration and connectedness, together with empowering
                    each individual’s curiosity to innovate, continually challenges the status
                    quo. This enables Zip to continue to evolve our customer experience and
                    positions us to win.
                        The freedom to own it   09




For personal use only
       10           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Innovation
                    is what we do.




For personal use only
                    We never stop discovering,
                    because we never stop looking.

                    Product innovation has been at the heart of          Our core initiatives for FY20 are:
                    Zip’s growth over the last 6 years. Customers are
                                                                         • Best-in-class user experience: Continued
                    increasingly demanding more choice and more
                                                                           improvements in onboarding and in-store
                    convenience. Zip retains a laser focus on the
                                                                           experience to increase engagement.
                    innovation of its payment ecosystem
                    to meet the ever-changing needs of customers.        • Improved performance using data science and
                                                                           machine learning: Help merchants understand
                    The ability to pay bills, buy and send gift cards,
                                                                           their customers and provide new marketing
                    personalisation of offers through the Zip app are
                                                                           opportunities for repeat transactions.
                    all innovative features that have successfully
                    driven growth and loyalty.                           To deliver these improvements, agile, cross
                                                                         functional squads covering all parts of the user
                    Customer feedback and user research informs our
                                                                         journey interrogate performance. Investing in
                    innovation roadmap. A culture of experimentation,
                                                                         underlying technology such as microservices
                    validated learning and continuous improvement
                                                                         architecture supports rapid deployment to
                    drives the ongoing development of our solutions.
                                                                         put these improvements into the hands of
                                                                         our customers quickly.
                                                                          The freedom to own it   11




                    Connecting customers and retailers
                    together through an enriched
                    payments experience.




For personal use only
                                                         EXPERIENCE
                                                         • Real-time approval
                                                         • Frictionless checkout
                                                         • QR, NFC, NPP, Tap
                                                         • Flexible repayments




                            PLATFORM
                            • Proprietary decisioning
                            • ID & credit verification
                            • Unified commerce
                            • Closed loop network




                                 DATA
                                 • Personalisation
                                 • SKU data
                                 • Behavioural
                                 • Fraud Prevention
       12           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Responsibility
                    is in our DNA.




For personal use only
                    Our market leading
                    capabilities set us apart.


                    Zip prides itself on providing fair and transparent   The average credit score for Zip customers is
                    financial products, aligned to its core values.       higher than for Big 4 bank credit card applicants.
                    We have conducted ID and credit checks since          Additional data sources, refined risk rules and
                    inception and read real-time bank transactional       sophisticated machine learning models, ensure
                    data. Zip has led the regulatory conversations        Zip is well placed to continuously refine and
                    to improve standards and consumer protections         improve its credit decisioning.
                    across the sector.
                                                                          The performance of Zip’s receivables demonstrates
                    Unique credit decisioning technology and              its ability to effectively grow its loan book whilst
                    processes delivers industry leading bad debt          minimising losses, and this positions us for rapid
                    performance and ensures less than 1% of               growth that is responsible, ethical and transparent.
                    revenues are derived from late fees.

                                                                             Flexible and affordable
                                                                            repayments, simple and
                                                                                transparent fees


                                                                                               2




                                                        1

                                          Interest free
                                            solutions
                                                                    The freedom to own it   13




For personal use only
                                       A revenue model
                                      that does not rely
                                     on customers falling
                                          into arrears


                                              4




                                                                            5

                 3
                                                             Better and fairer
                                                            alternative to credit
                     External credit                          cards + financial
                     and ID checks                          management tools
                    on all applications
                      from inception
       14           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    CEO &
                    Chairman’s
                    Report




For personal use only
                                                                                           The commitment
                                                                                          of all our Zipsters is
                                                                                          what makes Zip an
                                                                                         exceptional company
                                                                                          with a great future.




                        Dear fellow shareholders,

                        It is our pleasure to report to you on this transformational year
                        of FY2019. We are building a global business and over the past
                        year Zip, again, advanced its mission to be the first payment
                        choice everywhere and every day. Our progress is evident in the
                        strengthening of our competitive position across every metric:



                        • CUSTOMERS: Grew to over 1.3 million (up 80%         • EQUITY AND DEBT FUNDING: Our
                          on FY18).                                              oversubscribed $57 million capital raise
                                                                                 strengthens our balance sheet and positions
                        •   TRANSACTION VOLUME: Outstanding growth               us to execute on our growth plan. Early investor,
                            passing $1.1 billion (up 108% on FY18).              Westpac chose to exercise its $8.9 million top-
                                                                                 up right in full, a strong indicator that we are on
                        •   RETAILERS: Over 16,000 retail partners               track. We recently closed a $500 million landmark
                            including some of Australia’s biggest brands and     debt funding deal, taking total funds available
                            category leaders, providing over 37,000 locations    to power growth to over $1 billion.
                            where Zip is accepted as a payment method.
                                                                              • FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE: Cashflow positive
                        •   NATIVE APP: Close to 1 million downloads in the      for each quarter of the FY19 financial year, with
                            12 months since launch and remains a top 10          $84.2 million in total revenues (up 108% on FY18).
                            app in the Apple and Google Stores.
                                                                              We are proven to operate at scale and are now
                        •   PAYMENT PARTNERSHIPS: An increasing               at the tipping point. The market for alternative
                            number of strategic partnerships with key         payments is vast and growing. We are on a mission
                            payments ecosystem players including Tyro,        to have every Australian use Zip everywhere and
                            Adyen and BigCommerce rapidly progressing         every day.
                            our mission to be “everywhere”.
                                                                              The freedom to own it   15




For personal use only
                        Fuelling the ambitions of
                        the Zip Community
                        Though we have built our brand as the trusted
                        alternative to credit cards, it is our intellectual
                        property and direct-to-customer apps that
                        increase the engagement of the Zip community
                        comprised of 1.3 million customers and over
                        16,000 retail partners. Zip is responding to the
                        market with a clear proposition to both sides of
                        the network:

                        • CUSTOMERS: Zip is a customer’s financial
                          partner. With Zip we help people transact with
                          their favourite merchants. With Pocketbook we
                          help them manage their finances. This gives
                          everyone the freedom to buy what they want,
                          the freedom to own their experience

                        • MERCHANTS: Zip is a merchant’s marketing
                          partner. Not only do we provide an interest-
                          free payment alternative, but we are proven to
                          convert browsers into shoppers both online and
                          in-store. Our rapidly growing customer base
                          gives us the best datasets for demographics,
                          products and spending across every category.
                          These insights create new actionable marketing
                          opportunities for our partners

                        Zip removes barriers to buying, giving people more
                        freedom and flexibility. Our platform is proven to
                        reach the right people with the right message to
                        get them to transact more, more often. Driving
                        sales growth and customer acquisition are key
                        reasons major brands such as Target, Bunnings,
                        Chemist Warehouse, Just Group and Kmart
                        choose us as their credit card alternative, and
                        why small merchants need Zip. We live where
                        customers shop every day.
       16           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    CEO &
                    Chairman’s
                    Report cont




For personal use only
                    Capitalising on our Foundation
                    Each month, we successfully attract many new
                    customers to the platform, because our products,
                    Zip and Pocketbook, make a meaningful difference
                    to the daily lives of many. It is from this base that
                    we can capture a larger share of transactions
                    and a deeper connection with our users. Zip has
                    a number of assets, that collectively, provide an
                    ongoing strategic advantage:



                    • BROADENING THE CUSTOMER BASE:
                      Millennials are the biggest adopters of our
                      interest free instalments, next comes GenX.
                      The same factors that appeal to this group –
                      speed, convenience and trust – are universal
                      drivers that give us a competitive advantage
                      and why people from 18 to 80 now choose                 at scale through our native app and digital real
                      Zip for their payments.                                 estate, including our shop directory.

                    • INCREASED AVAILABILITY THROUGH                        • PAYMENTS ECOSYSTEM: With an increasing
                      POINTS-OF-PRESENCE: We help retailers of                number of channel partnerships such as
                      any size. From visiting a local mechanic or going       Adyen and Tyro we deepen our presence in the
                      to any of the major brands and category leaders         payments ecosystem. Each integration partner
                      that now use Zip as their preferred credit card         accelerates acceptance unlocking new value
                      alternative, customers can always use Zip.              and spreading our wings.
                      This positions us as a credible preferred choice
                      of payment.                                           • PERFORMANCE THROUGH DATA SCIENCE:
                                                                              Being part of every transaction builds a rapidly
                    • INTEGRATED OMNI-CHANNEL EXPERIENCE:                     growing data set. We continue to invest in our
                      We enable retailers to engage with customers            data science capabilities to help our clients
                      wherever they are, and provide a payment                understand their customers better and deliver
                      solution whether online (approximately 60%              more value, more often.
                      of volume) or instore (40%).
                                                                            • PRUDENT CREDIT PRODUCTS: The quality of
                    • DIGITAL-MARKETING FOCUSED: Retailers                    our loan book is maintained at scale with low
                      look to Zip to drive new customer traffic, larger       bad debts. Our diligence of customers upfront
                      baskets and higher conversions. Companies lean          supported by our real-time proprietary credit
                      on Zip to create closer connections between             and fraud decision technology delivers industry
                      their brand and the customer. We’ve proven              leading loss rates, and ensures our products
                      that we can offer this personalised experience          are sustainable.
                                                                                                             The freedom to own it   17




For personal use only
                   Making Zip a Global Company                             As we continue to grow, everyone at Zip is committed
                                                                           to ensuring that our business is conducted to the
                   Everyone at Zip has their focus firmly fixed on         highest standards. The Company will look to grow
                   the future. Our priority in FY20 is accelerating the    the Board to provide the corporate governance
                   growth strategy in the following focus areas:           fitting of a global company. This, together with
                                                                           strong management creates a positive culture
                                                                           for shareholders, employees and customers.
                   • FINANCIAL TARGETS: More people, more
                     places, more often. Targeting 2.5 million             Zip is proactive in optimising its management mix
                     customers, delivering $2.2 billion in annualised      to ensure the right personnel are in place to execute
                     transaction volumes.                                  on the rollout of its growth strategy and entry to
                                                                           new international markets. This expertise contributes
                   • LOCAL EXPANSION: Launch Zip Biz an                    to increasing revenue, margins and productivity.
                     instalment product for SMEs, grow Spotcap,            The commitment of all our Zipsters is what makes
                     secure more strategic deals with partners             Zip an exceptional company with a great future
                     and enter everyday spend categories.                  as we embark on our mission to become the first
                                                                           payment choice, everywhere and every day.
                   • GLOBAL EXPANSION: Integrate PartPay, grow
                     market share in New Zealand and fast track our
                     launch in the UK.

                   • TECHNOLOGY AND MARKETING: Accelerate
                     our investment in core IP, maximise the in-                PHILIP CRUTCHFIELD
                     store opportunity, increase investment in                  Chairman
                     brand awareness, customer acquisition and
                     partner marketing.

                   • POCKETBOOK: Expand capability to make it
                     the number one choice for personal finance
                                                                                LARRY DIAMOND
                     management, with a view to monetise.
                                                                                Managing Director & CEO
                   Investors that joined us this year have experienced
                   a rapid rise in share value. Investors that have been
                   with us since our listing have seen us grow from a
                   fintech startup to a company knocking on the door
                   of the ASX200. For both groups, we can assure you
                   that this marks only the beginning of our journey.
       18           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    FY19 Key Metrics




For personal use only
                         108%                                            80%




                    $84.2M                                            $1.3M
                    Revenue                                           Customers

                    FY18 $40.4M                         FY18   FY19   FY18 0.7M       FY18   FY19




                         108%                                            116%




                    $1,128.5M                                         $682.6M
                    Transaction Volume                                Receivables

                    FY18 $542.9M                        FY18   FY19   FY18 $316.7M    FY18   FY19




                          53%                                             1%




                    16.2K                                             1.63%
                    Retail Partners                                   Net Bad Debts

                    FY18 10.6K                          FY18   FY19   FY18 2.61%      FY18   FY19
                                                                                                                                                                                                The freedom to own it   19




                    Capital
                    Management




For personal use only
                    Credit Performance                                                                                    The repayment proﬁle remains healthy at 13%-14%,
                                                                                                                          with the book recycling approximately every
                    As the number of customers onboarded
                                                                                                                          7-8 months. Our capital does not remain stagnant
                    increases exponentially, Zip has maintained
                                                                                                                          and as more customers use Zip we can continue
                    its high credit standards.
                                                                                                                          to accommodate their spending needs.
                    Credit performance is signiﬁcantly better than
                    industry benchmarks, and ahead of management’s       Funding
                    guidance. Zip’s credit scoring and real-time         Zip raised $57 million in equity capital and recently
                    decisioning is clearly working at scale with net     closed a $500 million landmark debt funding deal for
                    bad debts of 1.63% down from 2.61% at June 2018,     the new Zip Master Trust. Total facilities available
                    a significant improvement in 12 months on our        to power growth now exceed $1 billion and the
                    already industry-leading high standards. Arrears  Bad debts     Arrears    Net bad debts
                                                                         structure provides the flexibility to scale from here.
                    remained stable3.0%
                                        at 1.89% compared to 1.87% at
                    June 2018.

                                            2.5%


                    CREDIT PERFORMANCE 1                                                                              Bad debts                Arrears                   Net bad debts
                                            2.0%                                                                                                                                                1.89%
                                            3.0%                                                                                                                                                1.82%
                                             1.5%
                                                                                                                                                                                                1.63%
                                            2.5%

                                             1.0%

                                                     Jul 18     Aug 18       Sep 18     Oct 18    Nov 18     Dec 18     Jan 19      Feb 19         Mar 19       Apr 19      May 19     Jun 19
                                            2.0%                                                                                                                                                1.89%
                                                                                                                                                                                                1.82%
                                             1.5%
                                                                                                                                                                                                1.63%



                                             1.0%

                                                     Jul 18     Aug 18       Sep 18     Oct 18    Nov 18     Dec 18     Jan 19      Feb 19         Mar 19       Apr 19      May 19     Jun 19




                    REPAYMENT RATE2


                                            16%               16%                                16%
                                                                                      15%
                                                                         14%                                 14%          14%                               14%                      14%
                                                                                                                                             13%                         13%                      13%




                                            16%               16%                                16%
                                                                                      15%
                                                                         14%                                 14%          14%                               14%                      14%
                                                                                                                                             13%                         13%                      13%


                                            Jul-18        Aug-18         Sep-18       Oct-18     Nov-18     Dec-18       Jan-19        Feb-19               Mar-19       Apr-19      May-19      Jun-19


                    1. Arrears defined as those accounts greater than 60 days delinquent. Bad debts defined as those accounts greater than 180 days delinquent. All figures are on an annualised basis,
                    2. Repayment expressed as a percentage of receivables at the beginning of the month.




                                            Jul-18        Aug-18         Sep-18       Oct-18     Nov-18     Dec-18       Jan-19        Feb-19               Mar-19       Apr-19      May-19      Jun-19
       20           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Who we are
                    We are reimagining payments.




For personal use only
                    Our mission is to make Zip the first payment
                    choice everywhere and every day. We give
                    customers the freedom to own it: To own
                    the product, the experience, the look and
                    the moment.
                    Customers are increasingly disengaged
                    with banks and credit card providers
                    because they know the difference between
                    a good deal and a bad one. They are in
                    search for better and fairer alternatives
                    in the market.
                    With Zip we help people transact with their
                    favourite merchants as a trusted alternative
                    to credit cards. With Pocketbook we help
                    them manage their finances.

                    This gives everyone the tools to own their
                    financial freedom.




                    What we do
                    Zip offers simple and convenient
                    financial products, with a strong focus
                    on financial wellbeing.




                                             1.3M users                                               700K users




                    CREDIT AND PAYMENTS                              BUDGETING AND SAVING

                    Interest Free Digital Wallet:                    Budget Planner and Personal Finance App:

                    • Line of credit, reusable account               • Free mobile app
                    • For everyday spending and life’s bigger buys   • Automatically categorises spending
                    • Zip Pay for under $1,500. Zip Money for up     • Helps users manage savings and
                      to $50,000                                       achieve goals
                                                                                          The freedom to own it   21




                                                              How we do it




For personal use only
                                                              Zip issues credit at the point-of-sale and
                                                              processes payments, both instore and online,
                                                              in a ‘closed loop’ network. This helps customers
                                                              own the products they want and maximises
                                                              sales for retailers.




                        Customers
                        enjoy:
                        • No upfront payments
                        • Interest free terms
                        • Flexible repayments




                                                    Retailers bring
                                                customers; Customers
                                                    bring retailers.
                                                Zip generates revenue
                                                  from both parties.




                                                                     Retail partners
                                                                     enjoy:
                                                                     • Increased sales volumes
                                                                     • Increased order values
                                                                     • Increased re-purchases
       22           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Growth & Outlook
                    Our priority in FY20 is accelerating the growth




For personal use only
                    strategy through four main focus areas.



                    We are just getting started.


                        1      FINANCIAL TARGETS                                                                                     3 • GLOBAL EXPANSION

                    We are confident in our ability to drive growth,                                                              Australia represents only 1% of the addressable
                    achieve our targets, and expand globally with a                                                               global market. The global opportunity dwarfs the local
                    deliberate lift, shift and scale strategy. Our growth                                                         region. BNPL is in its infancy in most territories with
                    strategy is designed to attract more people, more                                                             market share estimated at less than 1% in the US and
                    places, more often.                                                                                           UK. Many of Zip’s partners have a global presence
                                                                                                                                  and desire a global solution. The recently announced
                    FY20 Priorities                                                                                               PartPay acquisition gives Zip an immediate foothold
                    • 2.5 million customers with an active Zip account.                                                           into NZ, UK, US and South Africa.
                    • $2.2 billion in annualised transaction volume.                                                              FY20 Priorities
                                                                                                                                  • Integrate PartPay, grow market share in NZ
                                                                                                                                    and fast track launch in the UK.
                        2      LOCAL EXPANSION
                                                                                                                                  • Explore new market opportunities where
                    With only 0.2% of the Australian retail market, we                                                              strategic fit is strong.
                    remain laser-focused on the Australian opportunity.
                    We will continue to grow our network online and
                    instore to accelerate acceptance and deepen                                                                      4        TECHNOLOGY AND MARKETING
                    customer engagement. Zip will look to increase
                    its presence in travel, medical, telco and utilities                                                          Zip is going global. This requires further investment
                    to prove true credit card disruption. As well as                                                              into platform scalability to ensure millions more
                    growing its customer base, Zip will expand to                                                                 customers can transact with Zip wherever they
                    SMEs offering instalments through Zip Biz.                                                                    are. Investment into brand visibility in target
                                                                                                                                  markets, and strategic growth through partners
                    FY20 Priorities                                                                                               can drive rapid adoption globally.
                    • Launch instalments for business (Zip Biz).
                                                                                                                                  FY20 priorities:
                    • Grow Spotcap.
                                                                                                                                  • Invest in brand awareness, customer acquisition
                    • Secure more strategic deals with partners.                                                                    and partner marketing.
                    • Enter everyday spend categories and                                                                         • Invest in platform to deliver best in class
                      accelerate acceptance.                                                                                        availability, performance, connectivity.




                   1. Zip TTV for FY19 as a % of total Australian retail sales of $320B, 2. Total Australian sales, NAB Online Retail Sales Index (December 2018),
                   3. US Census 2019 (US), 4. Retail Economics UK (2018), 5. Nielsen Insights 2018 (NZ), 6. Dept of Statistics South Africa (2019)
                   7. Calculated using Zip TTV for FY19, 8. eMarketer Worldwide Retail eCommerce Sales. Source data from: NAB Online Retail Sales Index (December 2018)
                                                                                      The freedom to own it   23




For personal use only
                                   Australia
                                   Addressable Market 2
                        = 0.2% 1

                                    $ 320b
                                                    7




                                                                 USA
                                                                 $
                                                                   5t3



                                                                                 UK

                                                           Global               630b4
                                                                                $




                                                          Addressable Market

                                            = 1%

                                                             $ 22t
                                                                            8



                                                                                    NZ
                                                                                $
                                                                                    96b5



                                                                     SA
                                                                 $
                                                                     67b6
       24           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Board of Directors




For personal use only
                    Philip Crutchfield                   Larry Diamond                       Peter Gray
                    Chairman                             Managing Director & CEO             Executive Director & COO
                    Philip is a barrister and a former   Larry co-founded Zip in 2013        Peter co-founded Zip in 2013,
                    partner of Mallesons Stephen         following 12 years in retail,       with 25 years of experience
                    Jaques (now King & Wood              technology and investment           in the retail finance industry.
                    Mallesons). He is a board member     banking at Pacific Brands,          He has underwritten 1.5m
                    of the Geelong Grammar School        Macquarie Capital and Deutsche      customers and $600m in
                    Council, Bell Shakespeare Theatre    Bank. Larry is a qualified CA and   loan receivables globally.
                    Company, and the Victorian Bar       holds a Bachelor of Information     An operations and consumer
                    Foundation Limited.                  Technology and Master of            credit expert, Peter is also the
                                                         Commerce (Finance) degrees.         responsible manager of Zip’s
                                                                                             Australian Credit Licence.
                                                                                                            The freedom to own it   25




For personal use only
                    John Batistich                       Dianne Challenor                   David Franks
                    Non-Executive Director               Non-Executive Director             Company Secretary
                    John is a highly-experienced         Dianne is General Manager,         David is a Fellow of the
                    growth leader who brings             Global Transaction Services at     Governance Institute of Australia,
                    marketing, digital and human         Westpac. Highly experienced        Fellow of the Financial Services
                    resources skills to the Board.       in payments and transaction        Institute of Australasia and a CA
                    He is a Non-Executive Director for   services, Dianne has also led      with over 20 years’ experience.
                    Foodco and HRI and advises the       regional and global teams for      He has been CFO, Company
                    General Pants Group Board. He        JP Morgan and Citibank. In 2018,   Secretary and /or Director for
                    holds a Masters of Management        she was named one of the           numerous ASX listed companies
                    and a Bachelor of Business.          “Most Influential Women in         in a range of industries, including
                                                         Payments” by PaymentsSource.       the Company Secretary of
                                                                                            Top 200 ASX listed entities.
       26           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




For personal use only                                   Financial
                                                        Report
                                                            The freedom to own it   27




For personal use only
                        Contents
                        28   Directors’ Report

                        46   Auditor’s Independence Declaration

                        47   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                             and Other Comprehensive Income

                        48   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                        49   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                        50   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                        51   Notes to the Financial Statements

                        82   Directors’ Declaration

                        83   Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members

                        88   Shareholder Information

                        IBC Corporate Directory
       28           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report




For personal use only
                    The Directors are pleased to submit herewith the annual report of Zip Co Limited and its controlled entities
                    (consolidated entity or the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2019. In order to comply with the
                    provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, the Directors’ report as follows:

                    DIRECTORS
                    The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (Zip or the Company) during the whole of the
                    financial year and up to the date of this report, unless otherwise stated:
                    • Philip Crutchfield
                    • Larry Diamond
                    • Peter Gray
                    • Dianne Challenor
                    • John Batistich (Appointed 3 September 2018)

                    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
                    The principal activity of the consolidated entity is offering point-of-sale credit and payment solutions to
                    customers and providing a variety of integrated Retail Finance solutions to merchants across numerous
                    industries, both online and in-store.

                    REVIEW AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
                    A summary of revenues and results for the period is set out below:
                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $               $

                        Revenue from ordinary activities                            Up 108%           84,231,132     40,406,686
                        Loss from ordinary activities after income tax
                        attributable to members                                     Down 51%          (11,133,810)   (22,549,726)
                        Total comprehensive loss attributable to members            Down 51%          (11,133,810)   (22,549,726)


                    DIVIDENDS
                    No dividends have been declared for the year ended 30 June 2019 or for the previous corresponding period.

                    REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
                    Zip Co Limited is a leading player in the digital retail finance and payments industry. The Group provides
                    point‑of‑sale credit and digital payment services across the retail, home, health and wellness, auto, travel
                    and entertainment sectors, and is the owner of Pocketbook, a leading Personal Financial Management
                    App. Pocketbook has over 700,000 users and helps them track their budget, and save, by automatically
                    categorising spending (e.g. clothes, groceries, childcare) and providing smart alerts.
                    Zip offers customers an interest‑free digital wallet and credit through its Zip Pay (up to $1,500) and
                    Zip Money (up to $50,000) products. Zip generates revenue from both merchants (through a Merchant
                    Services Fee) and customers (predominantly Monthly Fees, Establishment Fees and Interest).
                    Zip is now accessible by more than 1.3 million customers across more than 16,000 merchants in Australia
                    and New Zealand. Customers simply sign‑in to their Zip digital wallet, online or in‑store, and authenticate
                    the transaction to confirm the purchase – all without the exchange of cash or credit card information.
                                                                                                                  the freedom to own it   29




For personal use only
                    The Group saw significant growth in all operating metrics during the course of the financial year:
                    • Customer numbers increased by 80% to over 1.3 million
                    • Merchant numbers increased by 54% to over 16,000
                    • Transaction volumes increased by 108% to $1.1 billion
                    • Number of transactions processed increased by 154% to 4.8 million
                    Revenue more than doubled when compared to the previous financial year, increasing from $40.4million
                    to $84.2 million, an increase of 108%. Gross profit increased 308% to $31.4 million from $7.7 million in the
                    prior financial year, being 37% of revenue compared to 19% in the prior year. Operating costs grew from
                    $31.3 million to $43.9 million, an increase of 40%. The Group continues to leverage its cost base with the
                    increase in the cost base being significantly below the increase in revenue. Salaries and employee benefits,
                    being the most significant operating cost, increased 31% as a consequence of the Group’s permanent
                    headcount increasing from 138 at the start of the financial year to 185 at the end, and an increase in casual
                    staff to support its operations team from approximately 38, to 52, over the course of the financial year.
                    The Group reported a loss before income tax of $11.1 million compared to $22.5 million in the prior
                    financial year. Of this, $6.8 million was recorded in the first half of the financial year and $4.3 million
                    in the second half of the financial year.

                    Receivables
                    The Group’s gross receivables portfolio increased to $682.6 million at 30 June 2019, up from $316.7 million
                    at 30 June 2018, an increase of 116%. The monthly customer repayment rate ranged between 13‑14%
                    (of the opening receivables balance repaid each month) during the year, which equates to the book
                    recycling approximately every 7‑8 months.
                    Bad debt write‑offs (net of recoveries) decreased from 2.61% at 30 June 2018, to 1.63% at 30 June 2019,
                    well below management’s expectations of 3%, and market comparisons. Excluding the impact of recoveries,
                    bad debt write‑offs fell from 2.70% at 30 June 2018 to 1.82% at 30 June 2019. The Group wrote off
                    $10.8 million in bad debts during the financial year, as compared to $8.2 million in the prior financial year.
                    The provision for expected credit loss for customer receivables, calculated on an expected loss basis
                    in accordance with AASB 9, reduced to 3.75% of closing gross customer receivables compared to 4.57%
                    at 1 July 2018 as a result of an improvement in historic roll rates over the financial year.
                    The reported arrears rate (accounts over 60 days past due) stabilised at below 2% over the course of the
                    year with the Group reporting 1.87% at the end of June 2018 and 1.89% at the end of June 2019.

                    Capital Management
                    Throughout the financial year the Group had two funding programs in place, the zipMoney Trust 2017‑1
                    (total facility amount at 30 June 2019 totalled $560.0 million, drawn $530.0 million) and the zipMoney
                    Trust 2017‑2 (total facility amount at 30 June 2019 totalled $71.5 million, drawn $57.5 million). The facility
                    available in the zipMoney Trust 2017-1 increased by $100 million in July 2019. The Group progressed the
                    launch of the Zip Master Trust during the financial year and on 29 July 2019 mandated the National Australia
                    Bank to arrange a series of ABS investor meetings for the establishment of the Trust. On 19 August 2019,
                    NAB launched a transaction to secure $400.0 million in debt funding that was subsequently increased
                    to $500.0 million. The transaction settled on 5 September 2019. And following settlement, the Group’s
                    total facilities available to fund receivables totalled $1,006.5 million.
                    In March 2019 the Group raised a total of $56.8 million ($54.5 million net of costs) in equity, with
                    final settlement in April 2019. The capital raise comprised $47.9 million from new and existing retail,
                    institutional, sophisticated and professional investors, and in addition Westpac exercised its top up
                    right for an amount of $8.9 million.
       30           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Cashflows
                    The Group generated an operating cash inflow of $22.6 million during the financial year compared to an
                    inflow of $1.4 million in the previous financial year. This excludes the impact of bad debts written-off in the
                    financial year of $10.8 million (2018: $8.2 million) shown in the net movement in receivables. Cash inflows
                    from operations in the second half of the financial year were $15.0 million compared to $7.6 million in the
                    first half of the financial year. Portfolio income from customers totalled $83.7 million for the financial year, a
                    111% increase from $39.6 million in the prior financial year, in line with the increase in revenue. In the previous
                    financial year the Group received an R&D tax incentive, going forward any such incentives will be received
                    by way of reduction in future tax payments. Payments to suppliers and employees totalled $39.0 million
                    up from $26.4 million in the prior financial year. Interest payments on borrowings to fund the Group’s
                    receivables increased 69% from $13.2 million to $22.3 million.
                    Cashflow used in investing activities increased from $176.9 million in the prior financial year to $374.1 million
                    in the financial year to 30 June 2019. The payments for plant and equipment includes the amount paid
                    to acquire information technology and office equipment during the year, and has fallen from $3.5 million
                    to $0.3 million, following the office move in the previous financial year. The Group spent $3.6 million in
                    the financial year on product development, an increase of 44% on the prior financial year. The increase
                    in customer loans, net of repayments and bad debts written‑off totalled $370.2 million, compared to
                    $170.9 million in the prior financial year.
                    Cash from financing activities totalled $351.4 million. Proceeds from the issue of shares in the capital
                    raising and the conversion of options totalled $57.8 million, $55.5 million net of transaction costs.
                    The Group incurred costs of $1.6 million to renew certain funding facilities and borrowed an additional
                    $297.5 million to fund receivables in the financial year.

                    CHANGES IN THE STATE OF AFFAIRS
                    No significant changes in the state of affairs of the consolidated entity occurred during the financial year.

                    FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
                    Information on future developments in the operations of the consolidated entity and the expected results
                    of those operations has not been included in this report because the Directors believe it would be likely to
                    result in unreasonable prejudice to the consolidated entity.

                    POST BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS
                    In addition to the increase in the facilities in the zipMoney Trust 2017-1 and launch of the Zip Master Trust
                    noted above, on 20 August 2019 the consolidated entity announced it had entered into an agreement,
                    subject to shareholder approval, to acquire 100% of the share capital of PartPay Limited a New Zealand
                    based Group with operations in New Zealand, the United Kingdom and South Africa. In addition, PartPay
                    Limited has an investment in QuadPay Inc a New York based organisation. PartPay Limited and QuadPay
                    Inc operate in the Buy Now Pay Later industry in their respective geographies. The acquisition comprises
                    an upfront consideration of NZ$50.8 million, and a further NZ$15.0 million over the next two years based
                    on the achievement of certain performance based milestones relating to minimum transaction volumes on
                    the PartPay platform being achieved. The acquisition will be settled through the issue of shares in Zip Co
                    Limited and is subject to shareholder approval at a general meeting. The initial issue of shares will be at
                    $2.76, a 5% discount to the 10 day VWAP up to and including the execution date of the Share Purchase
                    Agreement 19 August 2019.
                                                                                                               the freedom to own it   31




For personal use only
                    The consolidated entity also announced on 20 August 2019 it had entered into a subscription agreement
                    to invest approximately US$11.4 million in QuadPay Inc, which, when combined with Part Pay’s existing
                    investment will result in the consolidated entity having a 15% shareholding in QuadPay Inc. The investment
                    of US$11.4 million will be settled in cash.
                    On 6 September 2019, the consolidated entity announced it had entered into an agreement to buy the
                    Australian and New Zealand based operations of global SME lending provider Spotcap Global. The acquisition
                    involves a total consideration of $8.825 million to be settled through the issue of new shares.
                    In September 2019, the Board granted 884,824 ordinary shares to employees to reward them for their
                    contribution to the performance of the consolidated entity. These shares were valued at $3.43, vest
                    immediately at grant date and were issued under the Employee Short Term Incentive Plan.
                    There have been no other material items, transactions or events subsequent to 30 June 2019 which
                    relate to conditions existing at that date and which require comment or adjustment to the figures dealt
                    with in this report.

                    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION
                    The consolidated entity is not subject to any significant environmental regulation under Australian
                    Commonwealth or State law.

                    INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS

                        Name:                                  Philip Crutchfield
                        Title:                                 Non-Executive Chairman
                        Experience and expertise:              Philip is a barrister and a former partner of Mallesons Stephen
                                                               Jaques (now King & Wood Mallesons). He is a Board member of
                                                               the Geelong Grammar School Council, Bell Shakespeare Theatre
                                                               Company, and the Victorian Bar Foundation Limited. He holds
                                                               a Master of Laws and a Bachelor of Commerce.
                        Other current Directorships:           None
                        Former Directorships (last 3 years):   None
                        Interests in shares:                   4,502,980
                        Interest in options:                   300,000


                        Name:                                  Larry Diamond
                        Title:                                 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                        Experience and expertise:              Larry co-founded Zip in 2013 following 12 years in retail,
                                                               technology and investment banking at Pacific Brands, Macquarie
                                                               Capital and Deutsche Bank. Larry is a qualified CA and holds
                                                               Bachelor of Information Technology and Master of Commerce
                                                               (Finance) degrees.
                        Other current Directorships:           None
                        Former Directorships (last 3 years):   None
                        Interests in shares:                   61,445,778
                        Interest in performance rights:        610,000
       32           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                        Name:                                  Peter Gray
                        Title:                                 Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer
                        Experience and expertise:              Peter co-founded Zip in 2013, with 25 years of experience in the
                                                               retail finance industry. He has underwritten over 2m customers
                                                               and $1b in loan receivables globally. More recently he played an
                                                               integral part in the launch of the landmark Zip Master Trust.
                                                               An operations and consumer credit expert, Peter is also the
                                                               responsible manager of Zip’s Australian Credit Licence.
                                                               He holds a Diploma of Finance.
                        Other current Directorships:           None
                        Former Directorships (last 3 years):   None
                        Interests in shares:                   19,293,370
                        Interest in performance rights:        610,000


                        Name:                                  Dianne Challenor
                        Title:                                 Non-Executive Director
                        Experience and expertise:              Dianne is General Manager, Global Transaction Services at
                                                               Westpac. Highly experienced in payments and transaction
                                                               services, Dianne has also led regional and global teams for
                                                               JP Morgan and Citibank. In 2018, she was named one of the
                                                               “Most Influential Women in Payments” by PaymentsSource.
                                                               She holds a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor
                                                               of Commerce.
                        Other current Directorships:           None
                        Former Directorships (last 3 years):   None
                        Interests in shares:                   None


                        Name:                                  John Batistich (Appointed 3 September 2018)
                        Title:                                 Non-Executive Director
                        Experience and expertise:              John is a highly-experienced growth leader who brings marketing,
                                                               digital and human resources skills to the Board. He is the Chairman
                                                               of Foodco and Non-Executive Director for Stellar Group, General
                                                               Pants Group and the Heart Research Institute. He holds a Master
                                                               of Management and a Bachelor of Business.
                        Other current Directorships:           None
                        Former Directorships (last 3 years):   None
                        Interests in shares:                   363,561
                    Other current Directorships quoted above are current Directorships for listed entities only and exclude
                    Directorships of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   33




For personal use only
                    Former Directorships (last 3 years) quoted above are Directorships held in the last 3 years for listed
                    entities only and exclude Directorships of all other types of entities, unless otherwise stated.

                    Company Secretary
                    David Franks was appointed Company Secretary, replacing Andrew Bursill, on 21 June 2019. Mr Franks is
                    a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia, Fellow of the Financial Services Institute of Australasia
                    and a Chartered Accountant with over 20 years’ experience in company secretarial, finance and accounting.
                    Mr Franks has been CFO, Company Secretary and/or Director for numerous ASX listed and unlisted public
                    and private companies in a range of industries, including the company secretary of Top 200 and 300 ASX
                    listed entities.

                    Meetings of Directors
                    The number of meetings of the Company’s Board of Directors (‘the Board’) and of each Board committee
                    held during the year ended 30 June 2019, and the number of meetings attended by each Director were:
                                                                                                               FULL BOARD

                                                                                                            HELD       ATTENDED

                        Philip Crutchfield                                                                    10              10
                        Larry Diamond                                                                         10              10
                        Peter Gray                                                                            10              10
                        Dianne Challenor                                                                      10               8
                        John Batistich                                                                         8               8

                    Held represents the number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member
                    of the relevant committee.
       34           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    REMUNERATION REPORT (AUDITED)
                    The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C)
                    of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning,
                    directing and controlling the activities of the group, directly or indirectly, including all Directors.
                    The remuneration report is set out under the following main headings:
                    • Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration
                    • Group performance
                    • Details of remuneration
                    • Service agreements
                    • Share-based compensation
                    • Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel
                    • Use of remuneration consultants

                    Principles used to determine the nature and amount of remuneration
                    The remuneration policy of the Group has been designed to attract and retain key management personnel
                    and executives by rewarding them for achieving high performance and delivering long term results for
                    our customers and shareholders, whilst adhering to sound governance practices. The remuneration
                    framework is designed to deliver:
                    • Clear alignment of remuneration with strategic objectives;
                    • Market competitive remuneration to retain and attract quality talent;
                    • Remuneration policies that are clear and well understood;
                    • Merit-based remuneration across a diverse workforce;
                    • An appropriate risk culture and standards; and
                    • Remuneration outcomes that reflect sustainable performance.
                    The Board of Zip Co Limited believes the remuneration framework to be appropriate and effective in its
                    ability to attract and retain the best key management personnel and executives to operate and manage
                    the consolidated entity.
                    The Board engaged independent advisors during the year to advise on an appropriate remuneration
                    structure for the executive Directors and other senior executives. Following the review, the Board
                    determined that executive remuneration packages should be comprised of:
                    • Base salary plus superannuation – set to reflect the market median for the role, having regard to the
                      responsibilities and complexity of the role, and the experience and skills required to successfully
                      perform in the role.
                        Base salary plus superannuation is paid in cash.
                    • Short Term Incentive – based on the achievement of both group financial performance (50%)
                      and personal performance targets (50%).
                        Short Term Incentives awarded are settled in shares in Zip Co Limited and 50% of shares issued
                        are subject to a 12 months escrow period.
                                                                                                                  the freedom to own it   35




For personal use only
                    • Long Term Incentive – aligned to the delivery of long term performance and delivery of returns
                      to shareholders.
                         Long Term Incentives are delivered through the issue of Performance Rights and/or Options.
                    The Board will continue to review executive packages annually by reference to the consolidated entity’s
                    performance, executive performance and comparable information from industry sectors and other listed
                    companies in similar industries.
                    The executive Directors and executives do not receive any retirement benefits other than the superannuation
                    guarantee contribution required by the government, which was 9.5% for the 2019 financial year (9.5% for
                    2018 financial year).
                    All remuneration paid to Directors and executives is valued at the cost to the consolidated entity
                    and expensed. Options granted in previous years were valued using the Black-Scholes methodology
                    and the benefits amortised over the vesting period. Performance Rights granted are valued using
                    the Monte Carlo simulation model and the benefits are amortised over the vesting period.
                    In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of non-executive Director and
                    executive Director remuneration is separate.
                    The Board policy is to remunerate non-executive Directors at market rates for comparable companies for
                    time, commitment and responsibilities. The Board determines payments to the non-executive Directors and
                    reviews their remuneration annually, based on market practice, duties and accountability. The Board sought
                    external advice on market rates during the year, and as a result, adjustments were made to the remuneration
                    of non-executive Directors, where appropriate, to reflect market rates. The maximum aggregate amount
                    that can be paid to non-executive Directors is $600,000, Payments to non-executive Directors are not
                    linked to the performance of the consolidated entity. However, to align Directors’ interests with shareholder
                    interests, the Directors are encouraged to hold shares in the consolidated entity and are able to participate
                    in the Employee Long Term Incentive Plan. Any options or Performance Rights issued under the Employee
                    Long Term Incentive Plan are reported as share-based payments and are approved at the consolidated
                    entity’s subsequent AGM. No Options or Performance Rights have been issued to non-executive Directors
                    in the financial year (2018: none).

                    Group performance
                    As shown in the table below, the Group has grown strongly over the period since it was reinstated on the
                    Australian Stock Exchange in September 2015, following the acquisition of zipMoney Holdings Pty Limited,
                    which has led to a significant increase in the company’s share price.
                                                                                   2019          2018           2017             2016
                        YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE                                            $             $              $                $

                        Revenue                                              84,231,132   40,406,686      17,002,131      3,170,255
                        Gross receivables                                  682,555,716    316,741,362   152,038,565      40,712,179
                        Share price high                                          3.98           1.27          0.94             0.74*
                        Share price low                                           0.84          0.56           0.60             0.25*
                        Share price close                                          3.31         0.87           0.65             0.62
                    * Shown for the period from reinstatement to 30 June 2016.
       36           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Details of remuneration
                    Amounts of remuneration
                    Details of the remuneration of key management personnel of the consolidated entity are set out in the
                    following tables. The key management personnel of the consolidated entity in the financial year consisted
                    of the following:
                    • Philip Crutchfield, Non–Executive Chairman
                    • Larry Diamond, Executive Director
                    • Peter Gray, Executive Director
                    • Dianne Challenor, Non–Executive Director
                    • John Batistich, Non–Executive Director (Appointed on 3 September 2018)
                    • Martin Brooke, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Management
                                                                            POST-
                                                                      EMPLOYMENT    LONG TERM
                                            SHORT TERM BENEFITS          BENEFITS    BENEFITS   SHARE- BASED PAYMENTS

                                               CASH                                                SHORT
                                             SALARY          NON-         SUPER-      ANNUAL        TERM    LONG TERM
                                            AND FEES     MONETARY      ANNUATION       LEAVE    INCENTIVE    INCENTIVE       TOTAL
                        FY19                       $            $              $           $            $            $           $

                        Non-Executive Directors:
                        P. Crutchfield      140,000               –       13,300           –           –            –     153,300
                        D. Challenor                 –            –            –           –           –            –           –
                        J Batistich1         83,333               –         7,917          –           –            –      91,250
                        Executive Directors:
                        L. Diamond         350,000        20,400         33,250       10,508     153,125      22,434       589,717
                        P. Gray            350,000                –      33,250        9,594     153,125      22,434     568,403
                        Executive Management:
                        M. Brooke           275,000               –       26,125      15,312     137,500       17,653     471,590
                                           1,198,333      20,400         113,842      35,414    443,750        62,521    1,874,260
                    1. Appointed 3 September 2018.
                                                                                                                  the freedom to own it   37




For personal use only
                    Further details of amounts awarded under the Employee Short Term and Long Term Incentive Plan are set out
                    later in the Remuneration Report.
                                                                             POST-
                                                                       EMPLOYMENT    LONG TERM
                                             SHORT TERM BENEFITS          BENEFITS    BENEFITS   SHARE- BASED PAYMENTS

                                                CASH                                                SHORT
                                              SALARY         NON-          SUPER-      ANNUAL        TERM    LONG TERM
                                             AND FEES    MONETARY       ANNUATION       LEAVE    INCENTIVE    INCENTIVE        TOTAL
                        FY18                        $           $               $           $            $            $            $

                        Non-Executive Directors:
                        P. Crutchfield       110,000               –       10,450           –           –            –      120,450
                        D. Challenor 1              –              –            –           –           –            –              –
                        M. Quinn2              11,040              –         1,169          –           –            –       12,209
                        Executive Directors:
                        L. Diamond            291,667      10,845          27,708        7,712          –            –      337,932
                        P. Gray               291,667              –       27,708       8,047           –            –      327,422
                        Executive Management:
                        M. Brooke            240,000               –      22,800       13,756     100,000            –      376,556
                                             944,374       10,845         89,835       29,515     100,000            –     1,174,569
                    1. Appointed 1 February 2018.

                    2. Resigned 1 November 2017.

                    Service agreements
                    Remuneration and other terms of employment for key management personnel are formalised in service
                    agreements. Details of these agreements are as follows:

                        Name:                       Larry Diamond
                        Title:                      Managing Director and CEO
                        Agreement commenced: 1 July 2016
                        Term of agreement:          Annual salary of $350,000 exclusive of statutory superannuation. In addition
                                                    a parking space is provided. Eligible for an annual performance-based bonus
                                                    of $175,000. This was based on an independent review conducted during
                                                    the year of market comparable salaries. The Company may terminate the
                                                    agreement on 6 months’ notice or by providing cash payment equal to
                                                    6 months’ pay.


                        Name:                       Peter Gray
                        Title:                      Executive Director and COO
                        Agreement commenced: 1 July 2016
                        Term of agreement:          Annual salary of $350,000 exclusive of statutory superannuation.
                                                    Eligible for an annual performance-based bonus of $175,000. This was
                                                    based on an independent review conducted during the year of market
                                                    comparable salaries. The Company may terminate the agreement on
                                                    6 months’ notice or by providing cash payment equal to 6 months’ pay.
       38           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                        Name:                       Philip Crutchfield
                        Title:                      Non-Executive Chairman
                        Agreement commenced: 14 December 2015
                        Term of agreement:          Annual salary of $140,000 exclusive of statutory superannuation.
                                                    This was based on an independent review conducted during the year
                                                    of market comparable salaries. Tenure and retirement/ resignation as
                                                    a director is governed by the Corporations Act 2001 and the Company’s
                                                    constitution.


                        Name:                       Dianne Challenor
                        Title:                      Non-Executive Director
                        Agreement commenced: 1 February 2018
                        Term of agreement:          Dianne is the General Manager – Global Transaction Services of Westpac and
                                                    was nominated by Westpac to join the Board as a Non-Executive Director.
                                                    No fees are payable to either Dianne or Westpac for acting in this capacity.


                        Name:                       John Batistich
                        Title:                      Non-Executive Director
                        Agreement commenced: 3 September 2018
                        Term of agreement:          Annual salary of $100,000 exclusive of statutory superannuation. This was
                                                    based on an independent review conducted during the year of market
                                                    comparable salaries. Tenure and retirement/ resignation as a Director is
                                                    governed by the Corporations Act 2001 and the Company’s constitution.


                        Name:                       Martin Brooke
                        Title:                      Chief Financial Officer
                        Agreement commenced: 9 January 2017
                        Term of agreement:          Annual salary of $275,000 exclusive of statutory superannuation. Eligible for
                                                    annual performance-based bonus of $137,500. The Company may terminate
                                                    the agreement on 3 months’ notice or by providing cash payment equal to
                                                    3 months’ pay.
                    Key management personnel have no entitlement to termination payments in the event of removal
                    for misconduct.
                                                                                                             the freedom to own it   39




For personal use only
                    Share-based compensation
                    Issue of shares
                    Other than set out in this report, there were no shares issued to Directors and other key management
                    personnel as part of compensation during the year ended 30 June 2019.

                    Options
                    The terms and conditions of each grant of options over ordinary shares affecting remuneration of Directors
                    and other key management personnel in this financial year or future reporting years are as follows:
                                                                                                                     FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                       EXERCISE   PER OPTION AT
                        GRANT DATE                         EXPIRY DATE                                    PRICE     GRANT DATE

                        14 December 2015                   3 years from date of issue                    $0.50          $0.290
                        14 December 2015                   3 years from date of issue                    $0.70          $0.260

                    The options above are fully vested.
                    Options granted carry no dividend or voting rights.

                    Short Term Incentive Program
                    Under the terms of the Employee Incentive Program approved at the Company’s Annual General Meeting
                    on 20 November 2018 the consolidated entity may issue shares or options under its Short Term Incentive
                    Program to Directors, senior executives and employees to align their interests with the objectives of the
                    consolidated entity and provide incentives.
                    Under the terms of the Short Term Incentive Plan the consolidated entity may offer shares or options to
                    provide a short term incentive to employees to reward the achievement of performance targets set for
                    the year. Performance targets set for the year ended 30 June 2019 were set 50% based on the Group’s
                    financial performance and 50% on the achievement for personal performance targets. No consideration
                    is payable in respect of the shares or options issued, but the Board retains the flexibility to include
                    time-based vesting conditions where appropriate.
                    Subsequent to the financial year, 884,824 shares have been granted to employees under the Short Term
                    Incentive Plan, based on the achievement of specific performance target set to the year to 30 June 2019.
                    Shares granted to key management personnel under the Short Term Incentive Plan totalled $443,750
                    based on 85% achievement of the group’s financial performance targets, and 90% achievement of
                    personal performance targets for the executive directors, and 115% for executive management. The
                    amount awarded to Martin Brooke was assessed to be 100% of the maximum STI opportunity due to over
                    achievement of personal performance targets set for the year. Amounts awarded were as follows:
                                                                      MAXIMUM STI
                                                    MAXIMUM STI   OPPORTUNITY AS    VALUE OF STI
                                                   OPPORTUNITY      A PERCENTAGE       AWARDED     % OF MAXIMUM   % OF MAXIMUM
                        SHARE                                $    OF BASE SALARY              $     STI AWARDED   STI FORFEITED

                        Executive Directors:
                        Larry Diamond                 175,000               50%         153,125          87.5%            12.5%
                        Peter Gray                    175,000               50%         153,125          87.5%            12.5%
                        Executive Management:
                        Martin Brooke                  137,500              50%         137,500          100%                0%
       40           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Long Term Incentive Program
                    Under the terms of the Employee Incentive Plan approved at the Company’s Annual General Meeting
                    on 20 November 2018 the consolidated entity may offer Options and/or Performance Rights to eligible
                    employees under its Long Term Incentive Program. Incentives issued are subject to vesting conditions
                    comprising both performance and time-based hurdles, and both hurdles must be satisfied for vesting
                    to occur.
                    During the year the Board issued 2,750,000 Performance Rights to Non-Executive Directors and Executive
                    Management for no consideration. Performance Rights issued to Non-Executive Directors were approved
                    at the Company’s Annual General Meeting on 30 November 2018. Performance Rights issued to key
                    management personnel are detailed later in the remuneration report.
                    Performance Rights issued have a nil exercise price and vest based on the achievement of Total
                    Shareholder Return hurdles, and time-based hurdles, over the period from the date of grant to the
                    assessment dates. The assessment dates are up to 3, 4, and 5 years from the date of grant. The fair
                    values at date of grant valued using the Monte Carlo simulation model are set out on next page.
                    The Board set a Target Total Shareholder Return of 20% compound growth in the Company’s share price
                    and a Threshold Total Shareholder Return of 15% compound growth as the Total Shareholder Return hurdles.
                    Performance rights will fully vest if the Target Return is achieved and will proportionately vest
                    if the Threshold is achieved but not the Target.
                    The time-based hurdle requires the participant to be remain continuously employed at each of the
                    assessment dates set by the Board.
                    Unless the Board determines otherwise, unvested Performance Rights will lapse in the event a recipient
                    ceases to be an employee of the Group. Performance Rights must be exercised within six years of the
                    date of grant or they will lapse. Unvested options will automatically lapse.

                    Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel.
                    Shareholding
                    The number of shares in the Company held during the financial year by each Director and other members
                    of key management personnel of the consolidated entity, including their personally related parties, is set
                    out below:
                                                   BALANCE                    CONVERSION                                BALANCE
                                                     AT THE            AT          FROM    CONVERSION           NET       AT THE
                                                   START OF   APPOINTMENT   PERFORMANCE         FROM     ADDITIONS/       END OF
                                                   THE YEAR          DATE        SHARES       OPTIONS   (DISPOSALS)     THE YEAR

                        Ordinary shares
                        Philip Crutchfield      4,700,000              –              –     700,000      (897,020)    4,502,980
                        Larry Diamond            61,117,263            –      6,925,535            –    (6,597,020)   61,445,778
                        Peter Gray             20,006,105              –      2,285,775            –    (2,998,510)   19,293,370
                        John Batistich                   –      266,000               –            –        97,561      363,561
                        Dianne Challenor                 –             –              –            –             –            –
                        Martin Brooke               115,789            –              –            –        34,747      150,536
                                                                                                                         the freedom to own it    41




For personal use only
                    Option holding
                    The number of Options over ordinary shares in the Company held during the financial year by each
                    Director and other members of key management personnel of the consolidated entity, including their
                    personally related parties, is set out below:
                                                            BALANCE                                                  BALANCE
                                                              AT THE                  CONVERSION                    AT THE END        EXERCISE
                                                            START OF                  TO ORDINARY    DISPOSALS/         OF THE           PRICE
                                                            THE YEAR       GRANTED         SHARES         OTHER          YEAR                $

                        Options over ordinary shares
                        Philip Crutchfield
                        Expiry 5 December 2018             700,000                –     700,000                –              –           1.00
                        Expiry 5 December 2019             150,000                –             –              –     150,000              0.70
                        Expiry 5 December 2019             150,000                –             –              –     150,000             0.50
                        Megan Quinn1
                        Expiry 5 December 2018             200,000                –             –    (200,000)                –           1.00
                    1. Megan Quinn was a non-executive director and resigned 1 November 2017. The options of 200,000 which Megan held expired
                       during the financial year ended 30 June 2019.

                    Performance Rights holding
                    The number of Performance Rights in the Company held during the financial year by each Director
                    and other members of key management personnel of the consolidated entity, including their personally
                    related parties, is set out below:
                                                            BALANCE AT                        CONVERSION                           BALANCE AT
                                                           THE START OF                       TO ORDINARY       DISPOSALS/          THE END OF
                                                              THE YEAR          GRANTED            SHARES            OTHER           THE YEAR

                        Performance Rights
                        Larry Diamond                                  –        610,000                  –                –          610,000
                        Peter Gray                                     –        610,000                  –                –          610,000
                        Martin Brooke                                  –       480,000                   –                –          480,000
                        Total                                          –     1,700,000                   –                –        1,700,000

                                                                                                                                  FAIR VALUE AT
                                                                                                                NUMBER OF           GRANT DATE
                        ISSUE DATE                 VESTING DATE                 EXPIRY DATE                  RIGHTS ISSUED                    $

                        Performance Rights
                        15 February 2019           15 September 2021            15 February 2025                   160,000              0.287
                        15 February 2019           15 February 2022             15 February 2025                   406,666              0.287
                        15 February 2019           15 September 2022            15 February 2025                   160,000               0.317
                        15 February 2019           15 February 2023             15 February 2025                   406,666               0.317
                        15 February 2019           15 September 2023            15 February 2025                   160,000              0.330
                        15 February 2019           15 February 2024             15 February 2025                   406,668              0.330
                        Total                                                                                  1,700,000
       42           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Performance Shares holding
                    The number of Performance Shares in the Company held during the financial year by each Director
                    and other members of key management personnel of the consolidated entity, including their personally
                    related parties, is set out below:
                                                                                     CONVERSION TO
                                                         BALANCE AT                      ORDINARY       EXPIRED/       BALANCE AT
                                                        THE START OF            AT   SHARES DURING    FORFEITED/     THE END OF THE
                                                           THE YEAR    APPOINTMENT        THE YEAR        OTHER               YEAR

                        Performance shares
                        Larry Diamond                    6,925,535              –       6,925,535               –                –
                        Peter Gray                       2,285,775              –       2,285,775               –                –

                    As announced to the ASX on 7 January 2019 the performance milestone relating to the conversion of the
                    Performance Shares has been met, and accordingly the Performance Shares converted to Ordinary Shares.

                    Other transactions
                    John Batistich was granted 97,561 shares prior to his appointment as a Director of the Group. Mr Batistich
                    was previously employed as a consultant under an Advisory and Referral Agreement dated 9 August 2016.
                    The Agreement was mutually terminated with Mr Batistich awarded 97,561 shares approved by
                    shareholders at the company’s AGM held on 30 November 2018.
                    As a Class B Noteholder in the zipMoney Trust 2015-1 Trust Philip Crutchfield lent the trust $100,000
                    on the same commercial terms as offered to each of the Class B Noteholders in the Trust at the previous
                    reporting date. This was repaid in full in the financial year to 30 June 2018. The ZipMoney Trust 2015-1
                    facility was closed in the financial year to 30 June 2018.

                    Use of remuneration consultants
                    During the financial year, the Board engaged Egan Associates Pty Limited to provide independent
                    advice on a range of matters including the remuneration arrangements of key management personnel
                    and executives. Egan Associates Pty Limited was paid $45,480 excluding GST for these services.
                    The Board is satisfied the remuneration recommendations were made free of any undue by the member
                    or members of key management or executives to whom the recommendations relate as Egan Associates
                    Pty Limited was engaged by, and reported directly to, the Board.

                    This concludes the remuneration report, which has been audited.

                    SHARES UNDER OPTION
                    In addition to options held by Directors, the Company granted Westpac Banking Corporation 9,800,000
                    options to acquire ordinary shares at $0.81 that vest based on the achievement of certain revenue
                    hurdles as set out below:
                                                                                              RELEVANT AMOUNT         PERFORMANCE
                        REVENUE HURDLE                                                              THRESHOLD       OPTIONS TO VEST

                        Hurdle 1                                                                 $25,000,000            1,960,000
                        Hurdle 2                                                                 $37,500,000            1,960,000
                        Hurdle 3                                                                 $50,000,000            1,960,000
                        Hurdle 4                                                                 $62,500,000            1,960,000
                        Hurdle 5                                                                 $75,000,000            1,960,000
                        Total                                                                                          9,800,000
                                                                                                               the freedom to own it   43




For personal use only
                    In the event a hurdle is achieved, the associated options vest, and lapse 12 months after vesting.
                    Options relating to any hurdle not achieved by 10 August 2022 automatically lapse. Additionally,
                    if the first revenue hurdle is not achieved by 10 August 2020, then 3,920,000 options will lapse.
                    The first revenue hurdle has not been met at the date of this report.
                    No person entitled to exercise the options had or has any right by virtue of the option to participate
                    in any share issue of the Company or of any other body corporate.
                    SHARES UNDER PERFORMANCE SHARES
                    Unlisted performance shares of Zip Co Limited at the date of this report are as follows:
                                                                                                                         NUMBER
                        GRANT DATE                                                                   EXPIRY DATE    UNDER RIGHTS

                        28 July 2015                                                              28 July 2020      20,000,000

                    The consolidated entity issued 20,000,000 performance shares to Columbus Capital in 2015 in
                    connection with the facilitation of an institutional financing facility (“Warehouse Facility”). The provision
                    of the “Warehouse Facility” was not completed and accordingly the performance milestones are unable
                    to be met. The consolidated entity’s shareholders approved the cancellation of the performance shares
                    at the AGM in November 2017. The consolidated entity is awaiting the completion of formal documentation
                    by Columbus Capital to formally cancel the shares. In the event that formal documentation is not completed
                    by Columbus Capital, the performance shares will expire on 28 July 2020.
                    No person entitled to exercise the performance rights had or has any right by virtue of the performance
                    right to participate in any share issue of the Company or of any other body corporate.

                    SHARES UNDER PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                                                                                                                     FAIR VALUE AT
                                                                                                      NUMBER OF        GRANT DATE
                        ISSUE DATE             VESTING DATE              EXPIRY DATE               RIGHTS ISSUED                 $

                        15 February 2019       15 September 2021         15 February 2025               510,000             0.287
                        15 February 2019       15 February 2022          15 February 2025              406,666              0.287
                        15 February 2019       15 September 2022         15 February 2025               510,000              0.317
                        15 February 2019       15 February 2023          15 February 2025              406,666               0.317
                        15 February 2019       15 September 2023         15 February 2025               510,000            0.330
                        15 February 2019       15 February 2024          15 February 2025              406,668             0.330
                        Total                                                                        2,750,000

                    A total of 2,750,000 were issued under the Employee Incentive Plan during the year for no consideration.
                    The performance rights have a nil exercise price and vest based on the achievement of Total Shareholder
                    Return hurdles and time based hurdles as set out previously in Remuneration Report. No further performance
                    rights have been issued to the date of this report.
       44           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Report
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    SHARES ISSUED ON THE EXERCISE OF OPTIONS
                    The following ordinary shares of Zip Co Limited were issued during the year ended 30 June 2019 and up
                    to the date of this report on the exercise of options granted:
                                                                                                                       NUMBER OF
                                                                                                         EXERCISE        SHARES
                        GRANT DATE                                                                          PRICE         ISSUED

                        5 August 2015                                                                      $0.10        633,000
                        5 August 2015                                                                      $0.75        365,000
                        5 December 2016                                                                    $1.00        700,000
                        19 January 2018                                                                       Nil       285,715


                    INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS
                    The Company has indemnified the Directors and executives of the Company for costs incurred, in their
                    capacity as a Director or executive, for which they may be held personally liable, except where there is
                    a lack of good faith.
                    During the financial year, the Company paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the Directors
                    and executives of the Company against a liability to the extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001.
                    The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premium.

                    INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE OF AUDITOR
                    The Company has not, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify
                    the auditor of the Company or any related entity against a liability incurred by the auditor.
                    During the financial year, the Group has not paid a premium in respect of a contract to insure the auditor
                    of the Company or any related entity.

                    PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
                    No person has applied to the Company under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                    proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
                    party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those proceedings.

                    NON-AUDIT SERVICES
                    Details of the amounts paid or payable to the auditor for non-audit services provided during the financial
                    year by the auditor are outlined in Note 26 to the financial statements. Total amount paid for non-audit
                    services for the year amounted to $151,000 (2018: $21,000).

                    OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY WHO ARE FORMER PARTNERS OF DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU
                    There are no officers of the Company who are former partners of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.
                                                                                                             the freedom to own it   45




For personal use only
                    AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                    A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations
                    Act 2001 is set out immediately after this Directors’ report.

                    AUDITOR
                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu continues in office in accordance with section 327 of the Corporations
                    Act 2001.
                    This report is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors, pursuant to section 298(2)(a) of the
                    Corporations Act 2001. On behalf of the Directors,




                    Larry Diamond
                    Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
                    26 September 2019
       46           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Auditor’s Independence Declaration




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                   ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                   Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                   225 George Street
                                                                                                                   Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                   PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                   Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                   Tel: +61 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                   Fax: +61 2 9255 8303
                                                                                                                   www.deloitte.com.au

                                The Board of Directors
                                Zip Co Limited
                                Level 14, 10 Spring Street
                                Sydney NSW 2000




                               26 September 2019


                               Dear Board Members

                                                                                                  Zip Co Limited

                               In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following
                               declaration of independence to the directors of Zip Co Limited.

                               As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of Zip Co Limited for the financial year
                               ended 30 June 2019, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no
                               contraventions of:

                                          (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
                                               and
                                          (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                               Yours sincerely



                               DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU



                               Mark Lumsden
                               Partner
                               Chartered Accountants




                               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                               Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network.
                                                                                                       the freedom to own it   47




                    Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                    Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                    for the Year Ended 30 June 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                              30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                     NOTE                $              $

                        Portfolio Income                                              3      82,876,663      39,274,390
                        Cost of Sales                                                 4       (51,437,867)    (31,619,922)
                        Gross Profit                                                          31,438,796      7,654,468
                        Other income                                                  3        1,354,469        1,132,296
                        Expenditure
                        Administration expenses                                              (13,269,252)     (6,919,865)
                        Depreciation expense                                                    (967,809)       (763,351)
                        Amortisation of intangibles                                           (3,587,464)     (2,809,729)
                        Finance costs                                                           (364,426)        (112,500)
                        Occupancy expenses                                                     (2,124,132)     (1,569,675)
                        Salaries and employee benefits expenses                              (20,398,797)     (15,586,151)
                        Share‑based payments                                                   (3,215,195)    (3,575,219)
                        Loss Before Income Tax                                               (11,133,810) (22,549,726)
                        Income tax benefit                                            6                 –                –
                        Loss After Income Tax                                                (11,133,810) (22,549,726)
                        Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                             –                –
                        Total Comprehensive Loss for the Period Attributable
                        to Members of Zip Co Limited                                         (11,133,810) (22,549,726)
                        Basic loss per share                                          7             (3.52)          (7.84)
                        Diluted loss per share                                        7             (3.52)          (7.84)

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income should be read
                    in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       48           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                    as at 30 June 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                  30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                         NOTE                $                 $

                        Assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                         8        12,610,993       12,658,134
                        Other receivables                                                          10,919,591        5,016,738
                        Term deposit                                                                1,179,087         1,209,153
                        Customer receivables                                              9      647,544,007 300,602,824
                        Property, plant and equipment                                     10       2,547,442         3,240,753
                        Goodwill                                                          11       4,548,276         4,548,276
                        Other intangible assets                                           12        5,812,951        5,792,007
                        Total Assets                                                            685,162,347 333,067,885
                        Liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                          14       19,657,522        8,027,403
                        Employee provisions                                                         1,367,637          841,239
                        Deferred R&D tax incentives                                       15         392,324           757,966
                        Deferred contingent consideration                                                   ‑          337,200
                        Borrowings                                                        16     587,445,319        289,723,751
                        Total Liabilities                                                       608,862,802 299,687,559
                        Net Assets                                                               76,299,545      33,380,326
                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                    17      141,211,369       81,328,159
                        Share‑based payment reserves                                                3,519,637         4,379,167
                        Accumulated losses                                                        (68,431,461)   (52,327,000)
                        Total Equity                                                             76,299,545      33,380,326

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                    the freedom to own it   49




                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                    for the Year Ended 30 June 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                  ISSUED                  ACCUMULATED
                                                                                 CAPITAL      RESERVES         LOSSES            TOTAL
                                                                                       $             $              $                $

                        Balance at 1 July 2017                              37,066,688      4,335,903     (29,777,274)    11,625,317
                        Loss for the period                                           –              –     (22,549,726)   (22,549,726)
                        Total Comprehensive Loss                                       –             –    (22,549,726) (22,549,726)
                        Shares issued during the period                     40,000,000               –               –    40,000,000
                        Recognition of share–based payments                           –     3,536,889                –     3,536,889
                        Exercise of share–based payments                              –     (3,493,625)              –     (3,493,625)
                        Issue of ordinary shares under share–
                        based payments plans                                  1,819,455              –               –      1,819,455
                        Exercise of options                                   2,743,500              –               –      2,743,500
                        Costs of issue                                         (301,484)             –               –       (301,484)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                             81,328,159      4,379,167 (52,327,000) 33,380,326
                        Adjustment on adoption of AASB 9*                             –              –      (4,970,651)     (4,970,651)
                        Balance at 1 July 2018                              81,328,159      4,379,167     (57,297,651) 28,409,675
                        Loss for the period                                           –              –     (11,133,810)    (11,133,810)
                        Total Comprehensive Loss                                       –             –    (11,133,810)    (11,133,810)
                        Recognition of share–based payments                           –      3,215,195               –       3,215,195
                        Exercise of share–based payments                              –     (4,074,725)              –     (4,074,725)
                        Issue of ordinary shares under share–
                        based payment plans                                   2,343,279              –               –     2,343,279
                        Issue of ordinary shares upon achievement
                        of performance milestones relating to the
                        acquisition of Pocketbook                             1,500,000              –               –     1,500,000
                        Exercise of options                                   1,605,695              –               –      1,605,695
                        Issue of shares – capital raising                    56,765,609              –               –    56,765,609
                        Costs of issue                                        (2,331,373)            –               –     (2,331,373)
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                             141,211,369     3,519,637     (68,431,461) 76,299,545
                    * Impact of adoption of AASB 9 is set out in Note 18.

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.
       50           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                    for the Year Ended 30 June 2019




For personal use only
                                                                                               30 JUNE 2019     30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                      NOTE                $                $

                        Cash Flows from Operating Activities
                        Portfolio income from customers                                       83,668,204        39,606,139
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                   (39,016,084)      (26,429,754)
                        R&D tax incentives                                                               –       1,204,234
                        Interest received                                                          197,287        255,400
                        Interest paid                                                          (22,257,574)     (13,210,462)
                        Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities                               22,591,833        1,425,557
                        Cash Flows from Investing Activities
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                         (274,498)      (3,502,080)
                        Payments for software development                                      (3,608,408)       (2,541,794)
                        Net increase in receivables                                           (370,176,966) (170,856,326)
                        Net Cash Flow to Investing Activities                                (374,059,872)(176,900,200)
                        Cash Flows from Financing Activities
                        Proceeds from the issue of shares                                      57,802,659       41,031,000
                        Costs of share issues                                                   (2,331,373)       (301,484)
                        Borrowing transaction costs                                            (1,550,388)        (451,000)
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                             297,500,000 204,000,000
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                          –     (75,360,000)
                        Net Cash Flow from Financing Activities                              351,420,898       168,918,516
                        Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                   (47,141)     (6,556,127)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                 12,658,134        19,214,261
                        Cash and Cash Equivalents at the End of the Year               8      12,610,993       12,658,134

                    The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the
                    accompanying notes.
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   51




                    Notes to the Financial Statements




For personal use only
                    Note 1: Significant Accounting Policies of the Full-Year Financial Report
                    a. Statement of Compliance
                    The full-year financial report is a general purpose financial report prepared in accordance with the
                    Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations, and complies with other
                    requirements of the law.
                    Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and notes of
                    the consolidated entity comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by
                    the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consequently, this financial report has been
                    prepared in accordance with and complies with IFRS as issued by the IASB.
                    The financial statements comprise the consolidated financial statements of the consolidated entity.
                    For the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the consolidated entity is a
                    for-profit entity.
                    The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on
                    26 September 2019. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial statements.

                    Basis of preparation
                    The Report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost. Cost is based on the fair values of the
                    consideration given in exchange for assets. All amounts are presented in Australian dollars, unless
                    otherwise noted. When necessary, comparative figures will be adjusted to comply with the changes
                    in presentation in the current period. No comparatives have been adjusted in the current financial year.

                    Going concern
                    The Directors have prepared the Report on the going concern basis, which assumes continuity of normal
                    business activities and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
                    of business. The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year
                    ended 30 June 2019 reflects the consolidated entity’s loss after tax of $11.1 million. The consolidated
                    statement of cash flows for the year ended 30 June 2019 reflects net cash flows from operations
                    of $22.6 million.
                    The Directors have reviewed cash flow forecasts for the consolidated entity through to 30 September 2020.
                    The cash flow forecast indicates that the consolidated entity will have sufficient funding to operate as a
                    going concern during the forecast period. The Directors have concluded that it is appropriate to prepare
                    the financial statements on the going concern basis, as they are confident that the consolidated entity
                    will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable from operating cash flows and
                    available funding facilities.

                    Critical accounting estimates and judgements
                    In preparing this report, the consolidated entity has been required to make certain estimates and
                    assumptions concerning future occurrences. There is an inherent risk that the resulting accounting
                    estimates will not equate exactly with actual events and results.
       52           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Revenue recognition
                    The consolidated entity recognises revenue on customer receivables using the effective interest method
                    (in accordance with AASB 9), based on estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
                    asset. In exercising their judgement of estimated future cashflows and the expected life of the customer
                    receivables balance, the Directors have considered the historical repayment pattern of the customer
                    receivables on a portfolio basis. These estimates require significant judgment and will be reviewed on
                    an ongoing basis and where required, appropriate adjustments to recognition of revenue
                    will be made in future reporting periods.

                    Provision for Expected Credit Loss
                    The carrying amounts of certain assets are often determined based on estimates and assumptions of
                    future events. The key sources of estimation uncertainty relate to the provision for expected credit loss
                    against loans receivable. The risk of impairment to customer receivables requires the consolidated entity
                    to assess impairment regularly. The consolidated entity measures the provision for expected credit loss
                    for customer receivables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit loss (ECL). Refer to Note 9
                    for further details.

                    Intangible assets
                    Software development asset
                    Software development costs are capitalised only when:
                    • the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the project is demonstrated;
                    • the consolidated entity has an intention and ability to complete the project and use it or sell it; and
                    • the costs can be measured reliably.
                    Such costs include payments to external contractors to develop the software, any purchase of materials
                    and equipment and personnel costs of employees directly involved in the project.
                    Subsequent expenditure on capitalised intangible assets is capitalised only when it increases the future
                    economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is expensed
                    as incurred.

                    Impairment of non‑financial assets
                    Non‑financial assets are reviewed for impairment annually and or more frequently if events or changes
                    in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                    An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                    recoverable amount.
                    Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value‑in‑use.
                    The value‑in‑use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows relating to the asset using
                    a pre‑tax discount rate specific to the asset or cash‑generating unit to which the asset belongs.
                    Assets that do not have independent cash flows are grouped together to form a cash‑generating unit.

                    Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                    The consolidated entity has adopted all of the new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by
                    the Australian Accounting Standards Board (the AASB) that are relevant to their operations and effective
                    for the current year.
                                                                                                                  the freedom to own it   53




For personal use only
                    New and amended Accounting Standards that are effective for the current year:
                    AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                    In the current financial year, the consolidated entity has applied AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                    (as revised in July 2014) and the related consequential amendments to other Accounting Standards
                    that are effective for annual periods that begins on or after 1 July 2018.
                    Additionally, the consolidated entity adopted consequential amendments to AASB 7 Financial
                    Instruments: Disclosures which were applied to the disclosures for the current year.
                    AASB 9 introduced new requirements for:
                    1.   The classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities,
                    2. The impairment of financial assets, and
                    3. General hedge accounting.
                    Details of these new requirements as well as their impact on the consolidated entity’s consolidated
                    financial statements are described below.
                    The consolidated entity has applied AASB 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in
                    AASB 9 and has elected not to restate comparatives in respect of the classification and measurement
                    of financial instruments.
                    (a) Classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities.
                         The date of initial application (i.e. the date on which the consolidated entity has assessed its existing
                         financial assets and liabilities in terms of the requirements of AASB 9) is 1 July 2018. Accordingly,
                         the consolidated entity has applied the requirements of AASB 9 to instruments that continue to be
                         recognised as at 1 July 2018 and has not applied the requirements to instruments that have already
                         been derecognised as at 1 July 2018.
                         The Directors of the consolidated entity reviewed and assessed the consolidated entity’s existing financial
                         assets and financial liabilities as at 1 July 2018 based on the facts and circumstances that existed at that
                         date and concluded that the initial application of AASB 9 does not have an impact on the consolidated
                         entity’s financial assets and financial liabilities as regards their classification and measurement.
                         The consolidated entity’s consolidated statement of financial position includes financial instruments,
                         the majority of which are customer receivables and borrowings. Where the entity’s business model is
                         to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and
                         interest, the debt instrument is measured at amortised cost (such as with customer receivables).
                         Conversely, where the financial instrument is managed on a fair value basis, that instrument will
                         be measured as such.
                    (b) Impairment of financial assets
                         In relation to the impairment of financial assets, AASB 9 requires an expected credit loss model as
                         opposed to an incurred credit loss model under AASB 139. The expected credit loss model requires the
                         consolidated entity to account for expected credit losses and changes in those expected credit losses
                         at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial assets.
                         It is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before credit losses are recognised.
                         A general three stage model applies to debt instruments at amortised cost for recognising impairment
                         losses. The consolidated entity has both long term and short-term customer receivables. The consolidated
                         entity’s provision for expected credit loss on customer receivable changed upon adoption of AASB 9.
                         The adoption of AASB 9 impacts the consolidated entity’s customer receivables balance which is
                         measured at amortised cost. An adjustment of $4.97 million has been made to increase the impairment
                         of customer receivables to recognise impairment on an expected loss basis for the adoption of AASB 9.
       54           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                        The cumulative effect of applying the change for the first time has been recognised as an adjustment
                        to the opening balance of retained earnings on 1 July 2018.
                    (c) General hedge accounting.
                        New simpler hedge accounting requirements are intended to more closely align the accounting
                        treatment with the risk management activities of the entity. The consolidated entity does not have
                        any hedging arrangements in place.
                    (d) Disclosures in relation to the initial application of AASB 9
                        There were no financial assets or financial liabilities which the consolidated entity had previously
                        designated as at FVTPL (Fair Value Through Profit and Loss) under AASB 139 and consequently there
                        were no such financial assets or financial liabilities subject to reclassification or which the consolidated
                        entity has elected to reclassify upon the application of AASB 9. There were no financial assets or
                        financial liabilities which the consolidated entity has elected to designate as at FVTPL at the date
                        of initial application of AASB 9.
                        The impact of initial application of AASB 9 for each consolidated financial statement line item is listed
                        in Note 18.
                        The application of AASB 9 has had no impact on the consolidated cash flows of the consolidated entity.

                    AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                    AASB 15 must be applied for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. The consolidated
                    entity has adopted this standard from 1 July 2018.
                    The standard contains a single model that applies to all revenue arising from contracts. AASB 15
                    introduces a single principle‑based five step model for recognising revenue and introduces the concept
                    of recognising revenue when an obligation to a customer is satisfied.
                    AASB 15 does not have a material impact on the revenue recognition accounting policy for the consolidated
                    entity given that substantially all revenue streams fall within the scope of AASB 9 – Financial Instruments.

                    New Accounting Standards and Interpretations not yet mandatory or early adopted:
                    Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that have recently been issued or amended but
                    are not yet mandatory and which are expected to have a significant impact on the financial statements
                    are presented below.

                    AASB 16 Leases
                    AASB 16 eliminates the operating and finance lease classifications for lessees currently the model under
                    AASB 117 Leases for lessees. It instead requires an entity to recognise most leases on its statement of
                    financial position in a similar way to how existing finance leases are treated under AASB 117. An entity
                    will be required to recognise a lease liability and a right‑of‑use asset in its statement of financial position
                    for most leases.
                    There are some optional exemptions for leases with a period of 12 months or less and for low value leases.
                    The application date of this standard is for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
                    AASB 16 has not been early adopted by the consolidated entity for the full year ended 30 June 2019.
                    The date of initial application of AASB 16 for the consolidated entity will be 1 July 2019.
                    Under AASB 16, right-of-use assets will be tested for impairment in accordance with AASB 136
                    Impairment of Assets. This will replace the previous requirement to recognise a provision for onerous
                    lease contracts.
                    The consolidated entity has chosen the modified retrospective application of AASB 16 in accordance
                    with AASB 16 C5(b). Consequently, the consolidated entity will not restate the comparative information.
                                                                                                                the freedom to own it   55




For personal use only
                    On initial application of AASB 16, for all leases (except as noted below), the consolidated entity will:
                    • Recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position,
                      initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments;
                    • Recognise depreciation of right-of-use assets and interest on lease liabilities in the consolidated
                      statement of profit and loss;
                    There are some optional exemptions for leases with a period of 12 months or less and for low value leases.
                    For short term leases (lease term of 12 months or less) and leases of low-value assets (such as personal
                    computers and office furniture), the consolidated entity will opt to recognise a lease expense on a
                    straight-line basis as permitted by AASB 16. The consolidated entity chooses to use the practical
                    expedient not to separate contracts into lease and non-lease components as at 1 July 2019.
                    As at 30 June 2019, the consolidated entity’s future minimum lease payments under non‑cancellable
                    operating leases are $10.1 million. An assessment undertaken by management indicates a lease liability
                    of approximately $8.9 million. This is measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments,
                    discounted using the incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application.

                    b. Parent entity information
                    In accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, these financial statements present the results of the
                    consolidated entity only. Supplementary information about the parent entity is disclosed in Note 27.

                    c. Principles of consolidation
                    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all subsidiaries of Zip Co
                    Limited (‘parent entity’) as at 30 June 2019 and the results of all subsidiaries for the year then ended.
                    Zip Co Limited and its subsidiaries together are referred to in these financial statements as the
                    ‘consolidated entity’.
                    Subsidiaries are all entities over which the consolidated entity has control. The consolidated entity controls
                    an entity when the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
                    with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the
                    entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Consolidated
                    entity. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
                    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between consolidated entity
                    companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence
                    of the impairment of the asset transferred.

                    d. Segment Reporting
                    Operating segments are presented using the ‘management approach’, where the information presented is
                    on the same basis as the internal reports provided to the Chief Operating Decision Makers (‘CODM’). The CODM
                    is responsible for the allocation of resources to operating segments and assessing their performance.

                    e. Goodwill
                    Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of the
                    acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                    For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the consolidated entity’s
                    cash-generating units (or groups of cash-generating units) that are expected to benefit from the
                    synergies of the combination.
                    A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
                    frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the
       56           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
                    carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based
                    on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in
                    profit or loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.
                    On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
                    determination of the profit or loss on disposal.

                    f. Income Tax
                    The income tax expense or benefit for the period is the tax payable on that period’s taxable income
                    based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction, adjusted by the changes in deferred tax assets
                    and liabilities attributable to temporary differences, unused tax losses and the adjustment recognised for
                    prior periods, where applicable.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for temporary differences at the tax rates expected
                    to be applied when the assets are recovered or liabilities are settled, based on those tax rates that are
                    enacted or substantively enacted, except for:
                    • When the deferred tax asset or liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
                      liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction,
                      affects neither the accounting nor taxable profits; or
                    • When the taxable temporary difference is associated with interests in subsidiaries and the timing
                      of the reversal can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
                      in the foreseeable future.
                    Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses only if it is
                    probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.
                    The carrying amount of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting
                    date. Deferred tax assets recognised are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that future
                    taxable profits will be available for the carrying amount to be recovered. Previously unrecognised
                    deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that there are future taxable profits
                    available to recover the asset.
                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                    current tax assets against current tax liabilities and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities;
                    and they relate to the same taxable authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable
                    entities which intend to settle simultaneously.

                    Tax consolidation legislation
                    Zip Co Limited and its wholly-owned Australian controlled subsidiaries are members of a tax-consolidated
                    group under Australian tax law. Zip Co limited is the head entity within the tax-consolidated group.
                    In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, the head entity also recognises the current tax
                    liabilities and assets and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and relevant tax credits of
                    the members of the tax-consolidated group.
                    Amounts payable or receivable under the tax-funding arrangement between the head entity and the
                    entities in the tax consolidated group are determined using a ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach
                    to determine the tax contribution amounts payable or receivable by each member of the tax-consolidated
                    group. This approach results in the tax effect of transactions being recognised in the legal entity where
                    that transaction occurred and does not tax effect transactions that have no tax consequences to the
                    group. The same basis is used for tax allocation within the tax-consolidated group.
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   57




For personal use only
                    g. Trade and other payables
                    Trade and other payables represent the principal amounts outstanding at balance date, plus, where
                    applicable, any accrued interest.

                    h. Recoverable Amount of Assets
                    The carrying amounts of assets are reviewed annually by Directors to ensure they are not in excess of
                    the recoverable amounts. The expected net cash flows are discounted to present values in determining
                    recoverable amounts.

                    i. Portfolio Income
                    The Directors consider that revenue from Merchants fees, Establishment fees, Monthly fees and Interest
                    are akin to financial or portfolio interest income which should be accrued on a time proportionate basis,
                    by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate
                    that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset
                    to that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.
                    In making their judgement around estimated future cashflows and the expected life of the customer
                    receivables balance, the Directors have considered the historical repayment pattern of the customer
                    receivables on a portfolio basis. These estimates are reviewed on an ongoing basis and where required,
                    appropriate adjustments will be made in future reporting periods.

                    j. Issued Capital
                    Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
                    Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as
                    a deduction from the proceeds. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
                    options, for the acquisition of a business, are included in the cost of the acquisition as part
                    of the purchase consideration.

                    k. Cash and cash equivalents
                    Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other
                    short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily
                    convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

                    l. Employee benefits
                    Provision is made for employee benefits accumulated as a result of employees rendering services up
                    to the reporting date. These benefits include wages and salaries, annual leave, and long service leave.
                    Liabilities arising in respect of wages and salaries, annual leave and any other employee benefits expected
                    to be settled within twelve months of the reporting date are measured at their nominal amounts based on
                    remuneration rates which are expected to be paid when the liability is settled. All other employee benefit
                    liabilities are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflow to be made in respect of
                    services provided by employees up to the reporting date. In determining the present value of future cash
                    outflows, the market yield as at the reporting date on high quality corporate bond rates, which have terms
                    to maturity approximating the terms of the related liability, are used.

                    Share-based payments
                    Equity-settled and cash-settled share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees.
                    Equity-settled share-based payment transactions are awards of shares, or options over shares that
                    are provided to employees in exchange for the rendering of services.
       58           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    The cost of equity-settled transactions is measured at fair value on grant date. Fair value is
                    independently determined using either the Binomial, Black-Scholes option pricing model or Monte Carlo
                    simulation model that take into account the exercise price, the term of the option or performance rights,
                    the impact of dilution, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share,
                    the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option or performance
                    rights, together with non-vesting conditions that do not determine whether the consolidated entity
                    receives the services that entitle the employees to receive payment.
                    The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity
                    over the vesting period. The cumulative charge to profit or loss is calculated based on the grant date fair
                    value of the award, the best estimate of the number of awards that are likely to vest and the expired portion
                    of the vesting period. The amount recognised in profit or loss for the period is the cumulative amount
                    calculated at each reporting date less amounts already recognised in previous periods.
                    There are no cash-settled share-based payments as at year end. Share-based payments which have
                    been approved but yet to be issued to the employees at the end of the reporting period are recognised
                    on the basis of equity settled share-based payment transactions.

                    m. Intangible assets
                    Software development asset
                    Software development costs are capitalised only when:
                    • the technical feasibility and commercial viability of the project is demonstrated;
                    • the consolidated entity has an intention and ability to complete the project and use it or sell it; and
                    • the costs can be measured reliably.
                    Such costs include payments to external contractors to develop the software, any purchase of materials
                    and equipment and personnel costs of employees directly involved in the project.
                    Subsequent expenditure on capitalised intangible assets is capitalised only when it increases the future
                    economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is expensed
                    as incurred.

                    Acquired Intangible Assets
                    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially
                    recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).
                    Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at
                    cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible
                    assets that are acquired separately.

                    n. Borrowings
                    Loans and borrowings are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received, net of
                    transaction costs. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                    o. Financial Instruments
                    Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the consolidated entity becomes a party to
                    the contractual provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured
                    at fair value.
                    Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial
                    liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added
                    to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
                                                                                                                 the freedom to own it   59




For personal use only
                    recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
                    liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                    Customer receivables
                    Customer receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
                    not quoted in an active market and that the consolidated entity did not intend to sell immediately or in
                    the near term. Customer receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method,
                    less any impairment.

                    Impairment of customer receivables
                    Financial assets, other than those at fair value through profit and loss, are assessed for indicators of
                    impairment at the end of each reporting period. An expected credit loss model is used for assessment
                    of impairment of customer receivables under AASB 9. Expected credit losses are based on the difference
                    between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the terms of the consolidated entity’s products
                    and all the cash flows that the consolidated entity expects to receive from the customers. The expected
                    credit losses are calculated based on either 12 months or the lifetime of the customer receivables.
                    For financial assets measured at amortised cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment
                    loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was
                    recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that
                    the carrying amount of the investment at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the
                    amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.
                    Please refer to Note 9 for further details of customer receivables and impairment of financial assets.

                    p. Earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the owners of Zip Co Limited,
                    excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of
                    ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares
                    issued during the financial year.

                    Diluted earnings per share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
                    to take into account the after income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
                    dilutive potential ordinary shares and the weighted average number of shares assumed to have been
                    issued for no consideration in relation to dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                    q. Foreign currencies
                    The financial statements are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the
                    entity operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the consolidated financial statements, the results
                    and financial position of each group entity are expressed in Australian dollars (‘$’), which is the functional
                    currency of the consolidated entity and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements.
                    All foreign currency transactions during the financial year are brought to account using the exchange rate in
                    effect at the date of the transaction.
                    Foreign currency monetary items at reporting date are translated at the exchange rate existing at
                    reporting date.
       60           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    r. Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’) and other similar taxes
                    Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of associated GST, unless the GST
                    incurred is not recoverable from the tax authority. In this case it is recognised as part of the cost of
                    the acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense.
                    Receivables and payables are stated inclusive of the amount of GST receivable or payable.
                    The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the tax authority is included in other receivables
                    or other payables in the statement of financial position.
                    Cash flows are presented on a gross basis. The GST components of cash flows arising from investing
                    or financing activities which are recoverable from, or payable to the tax authority, are presented as
                    operating cash flows.
                    Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable
                    to, the tax authority.

                    s. Government grants/Research and development tax incentives
                    Grants from the government (such as research and development tax incentives) are recognised at their fair
                    value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the group will comply with
                    all attached conditions.
                    Government grants are initially recognised as deferred income and are recognised in the profit or loss
                    on a systematic basis over the useful life of the underlying asset.

                    Note 2: Segment Information
                    Management has determined that the consolidated entity has one reporting segment being the provision
                    of financial products and payment solutions to customers, and providing a variety of integrated solutions to
                    small, medium and enterprise merchants across numerous industries, both online and in‑store. The internal
                    reporting framework is based on the principal activity as discussed above and is the most relevant to assist
                    the Board in its role as chief operating decision maker, with making decisions regarding the consolidated
                    entity and its ongoing growth.
                    The assets as presented relate to the reporting segment, as identified above.
                    The consolidated entity operates in Australia and New Zealand. At this stage the consolidated entity’s
                    operations in New Zealand are immaterial in the context of the consolidated entity’s overall revenue
                    and assets.

                    Note 3: Revenue
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $               $

                        Portfolio income                                                            82,876,663      39,274,390
                        Other income
                        Interest income from financial institutions                                      197,287       255,400
                        R&D tax incentives                                                              365,642         545,148
                        Other                                                                           791,540         331,748
                        Total other income                                                           1,354,469        1,132,296
                        Total revenue                                                               84,231,132      40,406,686
                                                                                                    the freedom to own it   61




For personal use only
                    Note 4: Cost of Sales
                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                           30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                      $              $

                        Interest expense                                                   22,939,653     13,024,665
                        Expected credit loss/Doubtful debts expense                         21,946,751     13,190,378
                        Bank fees and data costs                                            5,461,586        3,941,762
                        Amortisation of funding costs                                       1,089,877        1,463,117
                        Total cost of sales                                                51,437,867     31,619,922


                    Note 5: Expenses
                                                                                                 CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                           30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                      $              $

                        Loss before income tax includes the following specific expenses:
                        Amortisation of Intangibles:
                        Amortisation of acquired intangibles                                 700,404         700,404
                        Amortisation of internally generated intangibles                    2,887,060       2,109,325
                        Superannuation expense:
                        Defined contribution superannuation expense                          1,779,940      1,343,232
                        Finance costs:
                        Other funding costs                                                  364,426          112,500
                        Administration expenses:
                        Professional services                                                1,578,715      1,208,750
                        Information technology expense                                       4,787,108      2,720,599
                        Marketing expense                                                   3,446,413        1,681,612
                        Other administration expense                                        3,457,016       1,308,904
                        Other expenses:
                        Operating lease expense                                             1,849,922        1,271,681
       62           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Note 6: Income Tax
                                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                  30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                             $                 $

                        Numerical reconciliation of income tax benefit and tax at the statutory rate
                        Loss before income tax benefit                                                            (11,133,810)     (22,549,726)
                        Tax at the statutory tax rate of 30%                                                      (3,340,143)        (6,764,918)
                        Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/(taxable) in calculating
                        taxable income:
                        Share‑based payments                                                                         964,558           1,179,597
                        Non‑deductible expenses                                                                      918,903           676,364
                        R&D tax incentives                                                                           (109,693)        (163,544)
                                                                                                                   (1,566,375)       (5,072,501)
                        Prior year tax losses brought to account                                                   (2,066,186)                    –
                        Current year tax losses not recognised                                                               –       3,369,782
                        Current year temporary differences not recognised                                          3,632,561          1,702,719
                                                                                                                             –                    –


                    Note 7: Loss per Share
                    a. Losses used in calculating loss per share
                        ALL FIGURES IN $                                                                          30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018

                        Loss attributable to the owners of the consolidated entity
                        used in calculating basic and diluted loss per share                                      (11,133,810)     (22,549,726)

                    b. Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                        NUMBER OF SHARES                                                                          30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the
                        denominator in calculating basic and diluted loss per share                               316,161,274     287,483,273

                    c. Basic and diluted loss per share
                                                                                                                  30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                        CENTS             CENTS

                        Basic loss per share                                                                             (3.52)            (7.84)
                        Diluted loss per share 1
                                                                                                                         (3.52)            (7.84)
                    1. As the consolidated entity had losses for the ended 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018, no dilutive shares have been included
                       in the EPS calculation.
                                                                                                                  the freedom to own it   63




For personal use only
                    Note 8: Cash and Cash Equivalents
                    At 30 June 2019, the consolidated entity had cash at bank of $12,610,993 of which $6,436,059 is in
                    restricted cash (30 June 2018: cash at bank of $12,658,134 of which $8,658,406 was in restricted cash).
                    Cash held in corporate accounts, shown as unrestricted, includes amounts remitted to Trusts the next
                    business day. Restricted cash is held by the zipMoney 2017‑1 Trust and 2017‑2 Trust and is not available
                    to pay creditors of the consolidated entity.

                    Note 9: Customer Receivables
                    Classification and Measurement
                    Under AASB 9, customer receivables are initially recognised at fair value upon recognition. Subsequently,
                    they are classified and measured at amortised cost as:
                    • The consolidated entity provides accounts with lines of credit to customers, and the business model
                      is to hold such accounts and collect contractual cash flows until the account is closed. There have
                      been no historic sales and there are no current plans to sell the accounts for fair value gains; and
                    • The contractual terms of the accounts give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
                      of principal and “effective interest” and permit customers to vary the dates and frequency of payments.

                    Impairment
                    AASB 9 requires recognition of expected credit losses based on unbiased forward‑looking information
                    and is applicable to all financial assets at amortised cost, debt financial assets at FVOCI (Fair Value
                    Through Other Comprehensive Income) and loan commitments. The guidance requires assets to be
                    classified into the following three stages:
                    Stage 1:	instruments that have not had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or
                              that have low credit risk at the reporting date. For these assets, 12‑month expected credit
                              losses (ECL) are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated on the gross carrying
                              amount of the asset. 12‑month ECL are the expected credit losses that result from default
                              events that are expected within 12 months after the reporting date.
                    Stage 2:	instruments that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                              but that do not have objective evidence of impairment. For these assets, lifetime ECL are
                              recognised, but “effective interest” revenue is still calculated on the gross carrying amount
                              of the asset. Lifetime ECL are the expected credit losses that result from all possible default
                              events over the expected life of the financial instrument.
                    Stage 3:	includes financial assets that have objective evidence of impairment at the reporting date.
                              For these assets, lifetime ECL are recognised and “effective interest” revenue is calculated
                              on the net carrying amount.

                    Provisioning Model
                    In determining the appropriate level of provision for expected credit loss, the consolidated entity has
                    considered receivables attributable to Zip Pay and Zip Money customers separately. For each classification of
                    receivable, the consolidated entity has applied historic roll rates (the percentage of receivables that move into
                    the next ageing bucket), averaged over a 12 months period, to the credit limits of those customers that are
                    considered current and to the respective overdue balances for those customers in arrears. The consolidated
                    entity’s policy is to write off balances that are outstanding for over 180 days in accordance with historical
                    experience and industry practice.
       64           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Accordingly, under the requirements of AASB 9, a provision has been recognised for performing customer
                    receivables to the extent that expected life time losses emerge within a 12 month period by applying historical
                    roll rates to the credit facility limits. For customers overdue, historical roll rates are applied to the overdue
                    balances over the expected life of the credit facility to determine an amount of expected credit loss.
                    In calculating a provision for expected credit loss, an allowance for loss debt recoveries is applied to the
                    resulting estimated exposure at default and an economic overlay is added to take account of forward-
                    looking macro‑economic and regulatory factors (including GDP, unemployment rate, inflation rate, etc)
                    and modelling risks.

                    Significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                    The provisioning model utilises customer receivables 30 days past due as the absolute criteria to identify
                    increases in credit risk.

                    Definition of default and credit‑impaired assets
                    Where there has been objective evidence of impairment for a loan receivable, the allowance will be based
                    on lifetime expected credit loss. A loan receivable will be considered in default at 90 days past due and
                    when the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amount in full based on internal or
                    external indicators.
                    The following table summarises customer receivables as at reporting date:
                                                                                                       CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                        30 JUNE 2019     1 JULY 2018*    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                   $                $               $

                        Gross customer receivables                                     682,555,716      316,741,362      316,741,362
                        Unearned future income                                          (9,420,505)      (6,636,297)     (6,636,297)
                        Provision for expected credit loss/allowance
                        for doubtful debts                                             (25,591,204)     (14,472,892)      (9,502,241)
                                                                                      647,544,007       295,632,173 300,602,824
                    * Impact of adoption of AASB 9 is set out in Note 18.

                    The following tables summarise gross carrying amount of customer receivables and provision for
                    expected credit loss by stages:
                                                                                                         30 JUNE 2019     1 JULY 2018
                                                                                                                    $               $

                        Gross customer receivables
                        12 month expected loss                                                         649,426,854      298,964,242
                        Lifetime                                                                         33,128,862       17,777,120
                        Total gross carrying amount                                                    682,555,716      316,741,362
                        Unearned future income                                                           (9,420,505)     (6,636,297)
                        Total gross carrying value including valuation adjustments                      673,135,211 310,105,065
                        Less provision for expected credit loss
                        12 month expected loss                                                            4,727,653       4,306,903
                        Lifetime                                                                         20,863,551      10,165,989
                        Total provision for expected credit loss                                        25,591,204      14,472,892
                        Net balance sheet carrying value                                               647,544,007 295,632,173
                                                                                                                    the freedom to own it   65




For personal use only
                    Provision for expected credit loss movement
                    From 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019, the provision for expected credit loss has increased by $11,118,312
                    to $25,591,204, which was primarily driven by the $15,351,742 increase in the value of customer receivables
                    subject to life time loss, offset by lower provision for ECL rate applied to customer receivables subject to
                    12 month expected loss. The provision for expected credit loss as a percentage of receivables has fallen
                    from 4.57% of the gross customer receivables balance at 1 July 2018 to 3.75% at 30 June 2019 largely
                    as a result of an improvement in the historic roll rates at 30 June 2019 compared to 1 July 2018.
                        DETAILS                                                                     DATE                               $

                        Balance                                                                     30 June 2017           4,561,500
                        Doubtful debts expense recognised during the year to profit or loss                                13,190,378
                        Receivables written‑off during the year                                                             (8,559,961)
                        Recoveries during the year                                                                            310,324
                        Balance                                                                     30 June 2018           9,502,241
                        Impact of adoption of AASB 9*                                                                       4,970,651
                        Balance                                                                     1 July 2018           14,472,892
                        Expected credit loss recognised during the year to profit or loss                                  21,946,751
                        Receivables written‑off during the year                                                           (12,358,317)
                        Recoveries during the year                                                                          1,529,878
                        Balance                                                                     30 June 2019          25,591,204
                    * Impact of adoption of AASB 9 is set out in Note 18.


                    Note 10: Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                                                                                  CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                           30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                      $              $

                        Carrying amounts of
                        Computer equipment                                                                    498,962         591,597
                        Leasehold improvements                                                             2,048,480        2,649,156
                                                                                                           2,547,442       3,240,753

                                                                                            COMPUTER        LEASEHOLD
                                                                                            EQUIPMENT    IMPROVEMENTS              TOTAL
                                                                                                    $               $                  $

                        Cost
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                                                513,180         201,555            714,735
                        Additions                                                             539,747       2,962,333      3,502,080
                        Disposals                                                             (49,027)        (187,173)      (236,200)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                                             1,003,900        2,976,715      3,980,615
                        Additions                                                             235,142          39,356         274,498
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                                         1,239,042          3,016,071       4,255,113
       66           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                                                                                     COMPUTER        LEASEHOLD
                                                                                     EQUIPMENT    IMPROVEMENTS           TOTAL
                                                                                             $               $               $

                        Accumulated depreciation
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                                        163,816          48,895           212,711
                        Additions                                                     295,514         475,837         763,351
                        Disposals                                                      (49,027)       (187,173)      (236,200)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                                       412,303         327,559         739,862
                        Additions                                                      327,777       640,032          967,809
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                                      740,080          967,591        1,707,671


                    Note 11: Goodwill
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                              $              $

                        Cost                                                                        4,548,276      4,584,276
                        Less: Accumulated impairment losses                                                  –               –
                                                                                                   4,548,276      4,584,276

                    The consolidated entity has one cash-generating unit representing the entire operations of the
                    consolidated entity. Goodwill has been allocated to this cash-generating unit.
                    The recoverable amount has been based on value in use calculations which uses cash flow projections
                    covering a five-year period and a post-tax discount rate of 10.3%. The discount rate reflecting an
                    estimate of the equity cost of capital.
                    Cash flows beyond the five-year period have been extrapolated using a steady 4.25% annual growth rate.
                    The consolidated entity has conducted sensitivity analysis of +/- 100 basis point movements on the
                    growth rate and cost of capital rate assumptions above to assess the effect on recoverable amount of
                    changes in the key assumptions. The consolidated entity is satisfied that all the assumptions on which
                    the recoverable amounts are based are fair and reasonable. The carrying amount does not exceed the
                    recoverable amount of the consolidated entity’s cash-generating unit as at 30 June 2019.

                    Note 12: Other Intangible Assets
                                                                                                         CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                   30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                              $              $

                        Carrying amounts of
                        Brand names and trademarks                                                     116,103        145,308
                        Customer database                                                             206,992         298,996
                        IT development and software                                                 5,489,856      5,347,703
                                                                                                    5,812,951     5,792,007
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   67




For personal use only
                                                                      BRAND NAMES                             IT
                                                                              AND       CUSTOMER   DEVELOPMENT
                                                                      TRADEMARKS        DATABASE   AND SOFTWARE            TOTAL
                                                                                $              $               $               $

                        Cost
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                           188,401        460,000        7,797,141     8,445,542
                        Additions                                          18,857              –      2,522,937       2,541,794
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                          207,258        460,000     10,320,078       10,987,336
                        Additions                                           6,195              –     3,602,213       3,608,408
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                          213,453       460,000      13,922,291     14,595,744

                                                                      BRAND NAMES                             IT
                                                                              AND       CUSTOMER   DEVELOPMENT
                                                                      TRADEMARKS        DATABASE   AND SOFTWARE            TOTAL
                                                                                $              $               $               $

                        Accumulated amortisation
                        Balance at 1 July 2018                            26,550          69,000     2,290,050       2,385,600
                        Amortisation for the year                         35,400         92,004      2,682,325        2,809,729
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                            61,950        161,004      4,972,375       5,195,329
                        Amortisation for the year                         35,400         92,004      3,460,060       3,587,464
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                           97,350       253,008      8,432,435        8,782,793

                    The following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation.
                    Brand names and trademarks 1 to 5 years
                    Customer database		              5 years
                    IT development and software      2.5 to 5 years

                    Note 13: Deferred Tax Not Recognised
                    The consolidated entity has the following deferred tax asset which has not been brought into account.
                                                                                                          CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                               $               $

                        Deferred tax assets comprise temporary differences attributable to:
                        Tax losses                                                                   5,304,993         7,127,854
                        Timing differences                                                           6,350,559         2,717,999
                                                                                                   11,655,552       9,845,853

                    The deferred tax assets will be recognised in the accounts once the consolidated entity can demonstrate
                    that it is probable that the tax benefit will be utilised within the foreseeable future.
                    Tax losses in FY19 include adjustments in respect of losses brought forward from FY18 amounting to
                    $243,325. Tax losses and timing difference in FY18 included adjustments in respect of losses and timing
                    difference brought forward from the prior financial year amounting to ($380,311) and $98,711, respectively.
       68           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Note 14: Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $               $

                        Trade payables                                                                18,951,130      7,535,973
                        Other payables and accruals                                                     706,392         491,430
                                                                                                    19,657,522       8,027,403

                    The increase in other receivables and trade payables result from timing differences at 30 June 2018
                    compared to 30 June 2019, due to the last day of June falling on a Sunday in 2019 as compared to a
                    Saturday in 2018. This led to an increase in the level of other receivables of $4.9million (in customer
                    repayments) and other payables of $8.8million (in merchant payments) at 30 June 2019.
                    Refer to Note 20 for further information on financial instruments.

                    Note 15: Deferred R&D Tax Incentives
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $               $

                        Deferred R&D tax incentive                                                      392,324         757,966

                    The consolidated entity recognises its R&D tax incentives as deferred income in accordance with the
                    guidance under AASB 120 Government Grants and is systematically amortises it to the profit or loss as
                    other income over the expected useful life of the underlying development assets (2.5 years).

                    Note 16: Borrowings and Securitisation Warehouse
                    Borrowings and securitisation warehouse
                    The consolidated entity sells customer receivables to special purpose vehicle securitisation warehouses
                    (zipMoney Trust 2017‑1 and zipMoney Trust 2017‑2) through its asset‑backed securitisation program.
                    The special purpose vehicles are consolidated as the consolidated entity is exposed to, or has rights to,
                    variable equity returns, and has the ability to affect its returns through its power over the securitisation
                    vehicles. The consolidated entity may serve as a manager, servicer, liquidity provider, purchaser of notes
                    and/or purchaser of residual interest units.
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $               $

                        Class A Notes                                                              526,000,000 230,000,000
                        Class B Notes                                                                61,500,000     60,000,000
                        Add: Accrued interest                                                          1,431,108        749,029
                        Less: Unamortised costs                                                       (1,485,789)     (1,025,278)
                                                                                                   587,445,319      289,723,751

                    At 30 June 2019 the undrawn facility amounted to $44.0 million (30 June 2018: $90.0 million).
                                                                                                                                the freedom to own it    69




For personal use only
                    Total secured liabilities
                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED
                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                                $                 $

                        Class A Notes                                                                             526,000,000 230,000,000
                        Class B Notes                                                                               61,500,000        60,000,000
                                                                                                                 587,500,000 290,000,000

                    Assets pledged as security
                    The table below presents the assets and underlying borrowings as a result of the securitisation warehouse:
                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                                $                 $

                        Customer receivables1                                                                      644,277,022        295,794,526
                        Cash held by securitisation warehouse                                                         6,436,059         8,658,406
                                                                                                                  650,713,081 304,452,932
                        Borrowings related to receivables                                                         660,000,000 306,400,000
                    1. The amount recognised above represents the carrying value of the customer receivables held by the zipMoney Trusts and is
                       net of provision for expected credit loss and unearned future income. This excludes customer receivables totalling $3.3 million
                       held by zipMoney Payment Pty Ltd at 30 June 2019 and $4.8 million at 30 June 2018.

                    Financing arrangements
                    Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:
                                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                                $                 $

                        Total facility size
                        Total facility size – securitisation warehouse                                             621,500,000 370,000,000
                        Total facility size – working capital                                                       10,000,000         10,000,000
                        Used at the reporting date
                        Used facility – securitisation warehouse                                                   587,500,000 290,000,000
                        Used facility – working capital                                                                          –                 –
                        Unused at the reporting date
                        Unused facility – securitisation warehouse                                                  34,000,000        80,000,000
                        Unused facility – working capital                                                           10,000,000         10,000,000
       70           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Terms of the facilities
                    As at 30 June 2019, the consolidated entity had two securitisation warehouses in place.
                    Under each warehouse program, loans are originated on zipMoney Payments Pty Limited’s balance sheet
                    and immediately sold into a program administered by Perpetual Trustee Limited.
                    As at 30 June 2019, the zipMoney Trust 2017‑1 had $560.0 million in committed Class A and B wholesale
                    debt financing with a term maturing in May 2021. The facility is secured against the underlying pool of
                    receivables with no credit recourse back to the consolidated entity. Subsequent to the reporting period
                    end, the consolidated entity increased the facilities available from NAB within the zipMoney Trust 2017‑1
                    by $100.0 million and following the completion of the Zip Master Trust on 5 September 201, reduced
                    facility by $200.0 million.
                    As at 30 June 2019, the zipMoney Trust 2017‑2 had $71.5 million in committed Class A ($70.0 million)
                    wholesale debt financing with a term maturing on 31 December 2020 and Class B ($1.5 million) debt
                    financing with a term maturing on 17 November 2019. The facility is available to fund customer receivables
                    junior notes and as a source of working capital funding to the consolidated entity. The facility is secured
                    against the underlying pool of receivables and by way of corporate guarantee provided by the parent
                    Zip Co Limited.

                    Note 17: Issued Capital
                                                                                              CONSOLIDATED
                                                                      30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2019     30 JUNE 2018    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                           SHARES                  $          SHARES                $

                        Ordinary shares – fully paid                 352,137,991        141,211,369    295,548,222       81,328,159
                        Performance shares                           20,000,000                   –     33,330,000                 –
                                                                    372,137,991      141,211,369 328,878,222            81,328,159

                    Movements in ordinary share capital
                        DETAILS                                                  DATE                        SHARES                $

                        Balance                                                  1 July 2017           238,673,009      37,066,688
                        Issue of shares – employee incentives                                             2,442,497       1,819,455
                        Issue of shares – placement                                                      49,382,716     40,000,000
                        Issue of shares – exercise of options                                            5,050,000        2,743,500
                        Costs of issue during the period                                                           –       (301,484)
                        Balance                                                  30 June 2018          295,548,222      81,328,159
                        Balance                                                  1 July 2018           295,548,222      81,328,159
                        Issue of shares – employee incentives                                             2,286,407       2,343,279
                        Issue of shares – Pocketbook achievement
                        of performance milestones                                                         1,887,942       1,500,000
                        Issue of shares – exercise of options                                              1,983,715      1,605,695
                        Issue of shares – capital Raising                                                 37,101,705     56,765,609
                        Conversion from performance shares                                              13,330,000                 –
                        Costs of issue during the period                                                           –      (2,331,373)
                        Balance                                                  30 June 2019           352,137,991     141,211,369
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   71




For personal use only
                    Movements in performance shares
                        DETAILS                                                            DATE                  SHARE NUMBERS

                        Balance                                                            30 June 2017            33,330,000
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2018            33,330,000
                        Conversion to ordinary shares                                                              (13,330,000)
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2019           20,000,000

                    The consolidated entity issued 20,000,000 performance shares to Columbus Capital in 2015 in
                    connection with the facilitation of an institutional financing facility (“Warehouse Facility”). The provision
                    of the “Warehouse Facility” was not completed and accordingly the performance milestones are unable
                    to be met. The consolidated entity’s shareholders approved the cancellation of the performance shares
                    at the AGM in November 2017. The consolidated entity is awaiting the completion of formal documentation
                    by Columbus Capital to formally cancel the shares. In the event that formal documentation is not completed
                    by Columbus Capital, the performance shares will expire on 28 July 2020.
                    The 13,330,000 performance shares that converted to ordinary shares represent those shares issued to
                    the original vendors in the event pre‑tax break‑even was achieved in a consecutive three calendar month
                    period prior to 17 September 2018. On 7 January 2019 the consolidated entity announced that the third
                    performance milestone arising from the original acquisition of zipMoney Holdings Pty Ltd by Rubianna
                    Resources Limited in September 2015 had been met, and accordingly 13,330,000 performance shares
                    converted to ordinary shares from that date.

                    Movements in options
                        DETAILS                                                            DATE                  OPTION NUMBERS

                        Balance                                                            30 June 2017             7,368,000
                        Options issued to Westpac Banking Corporation                                                9,800,000
                        Employee unlisted options issued                                                                285,715
                        Options exercised                                                                           (5,050,000)
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2018             12,403,715
                        Options exercised                                                                             (1,983,715)
                        Options expired not exercised                                                                  (320,000)
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2019            10,100,000

                    Movements in performance rights
                        DETAILS                                                            DATE                  RIGHTS NUMBERS

                        Balance                                                            30 June 2017                         –
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2018                         –
                        Issue of performance rights                                                                  2,750,000
                        Balance                                                            30 June 2019             2,750,000

                    The issue of 2,750,000 performance rights represent those shares issued under the Employee Incentive
                    Plan approved at the consolidated entity’s Annual General Meeting held on 30 November 2018.
       72           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the
                    consolidated entity in proportion to the number of and amounts paid on the shares held. The fully paid
                    ordinary shares have no par value and the consolidated entity does not have a limited amount of
                    authorised capital.
                    On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and
                    upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

                    Share buy-back
                    There is no current on-market share buy-back.

                    Capital risk management
                    The consolidated entity’s objectives when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as
                    a going concern, so that it can provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
                    and to maintain an optimum capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.
                    Capital is regarded as total equity, as recognised in the statement of financial position, plus net debt.
                    Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents.
                    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the consolidated entity may adjust the number of dividends
                    paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.
                    The consolidated entity would look to raise capital when an opportunity to invest in a business or
                    consolidated entity is seen as value adding relative to the current consolidated entity’s share price
                    at the time of the investment.

                    Note 18: Impact of Initial Application of AASB 9 on the Consolidated Financial Statements
                    Following a review of the impact of AASB 9 on the financial statements, the consolidated entity concluded
                    that an increase in the provision for expected credit loss recorded against customer receivables
                    at 30 June 2018 was required. In accordance with the requirements of AASB 9 an additional amount
                    of $4,970,651 was added to the provision for expected credit loss and a corresponding amount
                    recognised as an adjustment to retained earnings.
                    The tables below show the adjustment made to each line in the financial statements impacted by the
                    application of AASB 9 on the opening balances for the financial year ended 30 June 2019.

                    Impact on assets, liabilities and equity as at 1 July 2018
                                                                                                            AASB 9
                                                                                       30 JUNE 2018   ADJUSTMENTS       1 JULY 2018
                        CONSOLIDATED1 JULY 2018                                                   $              $                $

                        Customer receivables                                         300,602,824        (4,970,651)   295,632,173
                        Net assets                                                   33,380,326        (4,970,651) 28,409,675
                        Accumulated losses                                            (52,327,000)      (4,970,651)    (57,297,651)
                        Equity                                                       33,380,326        (4,970,651) 28,409,675

                    The application of AASB 9 has had no impact on the consolidated cash flows of the consolidated entity.

                    Note 19: Dividends
                    There were no dividends paid, recommended or declared during the current or previous financial year.
                                                                                                                 the freedom to own it   73




For personal use only
                    Note 20: Financial Instruments
                    Financial risk management objectives
                    The consolidated entity’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (such as interest
                    rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The consolidated entity’s overall risk management program focuses
                    on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial
                    performance of the consolidated entity. These methods include sensitivity analysis in the case of interest
                    rate, foreign exchange and other price risks, ageing analysis for credit risk and beta analysis in respect
                    of investment portfolios to determine market risk.
                    Risk management is carried out by management under policies approved by the Board of Directors
                    (‘the Board’).
                    These policies include identification and analysis of the risk exposure of the consolidated entity and
                    appropriate procedures, controls and risk limits. Management identify and evaluate financial risks within
                    the consolidated entity’s operating units and report to the Board on a monthly basis.

                    Market risk
                    Foreign currency risk
                    The foreign currency risk is limited as the consolidated entity mainly operates in Australia.

                    Price risk
                    The consolidated entity is not exposed to any significant price risk.

                    Interest rate risk
                    The consolidated entity’s main interest rate risk arises from its borrowings. The consolidated entity’s
                    borrowings are all on variable rates.
                    In the event of a +/- 1% movement in the BBSW, the consolidated entity’s interest expense would move
                    by +/- $5,875,000.
                    The consolidated entity also earns interest from its customer receivables. In the event of a movement
                    in interest rates the consolidated entity would review its pricing framework in accordance with its risk
                    management policy.

                    Credit risk
                    Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
                    financial loss to the consolidated entity. The consolidated entity has a strict code of credit, including
                    obtaining agency credit information, confirming references and setting appropriate credit limits prior
                    to the customers joining the Zip Co platform.
                    The consolidated entity regularly reviews customer collections, and collections past due. If there are
                    uncollectable customer receivables, the consolidated entity will write off these receivables but will continue
                    to work on their recovery.
                    The consolidated entity regularly reviews the level of provision for expected credit loss to ensure that the
                    level of provision is sufficient to mitigate the credit risk exposure in terms of financial reporting. The credit
                    provision raised represents management’s expectation on credit loss in the receivables portfolio
                    at reporting date under AASB 9.
       74           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    The collective provision is estimated on the basis of historical loss experience for assets with
                    similar credit characteristics by the consolidated entity and other companies with similar portfolios.
                    The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date to recognised financial assets is the carrying
                    amount, net of any provisions for expected credit loss of those assets, as disclosed in the consolidated
                    statement of financial position and notes to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
                    entity does not hold any collateral.

                    Customer receivables
                    The consolidated entity’s customer receivable balances are high volume low value advances to
                    individual customers.
                    The table below provides information about customer receivables from customers by payment due status.
                                                                                                           CONSOLIDATED

                                                                                                     30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                $              $

                        Past due under 30 days                                                       17,059,482      9,949,636
                        Past due 31 days to under 60 days                                             5,683,657       1,909,418
                        Past due 61 to under 90 days                                                 3,888,246       1,773,645
                        Past due 91 to under 180 days                                                 6,497,477       4,144,421

                    While the consolidated entity believes that the level of provision for expected credit loss provided in the
                    consolidated financial statements is sufficient to address any potential write-offs arising from the arrears
                    above, the consolidated entity will continue to maximise its effort to minimise the risk of actual bad debts
                    through its robust debtor management practices.

                    Liquidity risk
                    Vigilant liquidity risk management requires the consolidated entity to maintain sufficient liquid assets
                    (mainly cash and cash equivalents) and available borrowing facilities to be able to pay debts as and when
                    they become due and payable. The consolidated entity manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate
                    cash reserves and available borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring actual and forecast cash
                    flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
                    Each of the securitisation warehouses in place has loan covenants that are in line with standard market
                    practice given the nature of the warehouse facilities. There were no material breaches of any of the
                    covenants in place during the financial period.

                    Financing arrangements
                    Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 16.

                    Remaining contractual maturities
                    The financial instrument assets of the consolidated entity predominantly comprise customer receivables
                    that have an average repayment profile of six and twelve months, for Zip Pay and Zip Money receivables
                    respectively.
                    The following tables detail the consolidated entity’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
                    instrument liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial
                    liabilities based on the earliest date on which the financial liabilities are required to be paid. The tables
                    include both interest and principal cash flows disclosed as remaining contractual maturities and therefore
                    these totals may differ from their carrying amount in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.
                                                                                                                   the freedom to own it   75




For personal use only
                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                         AVERAGE                     BETWEEN      BETWEEN                  REMAINING
                                                        INTEREST       1 YEAR OR       1 AND 2     2 AND 5         OVER CONTRACTUAL
                                                            RATE            LESS        YEARS       YEARS       5 YEARS   MATURITIES
                        CONSOLIDATED 30 JUNE 2019              %               $             $           $            $            $

                        Non-derivatives
                        Non-interest bearing
                        Payables                                     19,657,522             –            –            –    19,657,522
                        Interest-bearing
                        – variable rate
                        Borrowings                          4.65%     2,931,108 586,000,000              –            – 588,931,108
                        Total non-derivatives                       22,588,630 586,000,000               –            – 608,588,630

                                                        WEIGHTED
                                                         AVERAGE                     BETWEEN      BETWEEN                  REMAINING
                                                        INTEREST       1 YEAR OR       1 AND 2     2 AND 5         OVER CONTRACTUAL
                                                            RATE            LESS        YEARS       YEARS       5 YEARS   MATURITIES
                        CONSOLIDATED 30 JUNE 2018              %               $             $           $            $            $

                        Non-derivatives
                        Non-interest bearing
                        Payables                                      8,027,403             –            –            –     8,027,403
                        Deferred contingent
                        consideration                                  337,200              –            –            –       337,200
                        Interest-bearing
                        – variable rate
                        Borrowings                          5.19% 273,749,029      17,000,000            –            – 290,749,029
                        Total non-derivatives                       282,113,632 17,000,000               –            – 299,113,632

                    The cash flows in the maturity analysis above are not expected to occur significantly earlier than
                    contractually disclosed above.

                    Fair value of financial instruments
                    Fair value hierarchy
                    AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement requires disclosure of fair value measurements by level in the fair value
                    measurement hierarchy as follows:
                    Level 1 – the instrument has quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                    Level 2 – a valuation technique is used using inputs other than quoted prices within level 1 that are
                    observable for the financial instrument, either directly (i.e. as prices), or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
                    Level 3 – a valuation technique is used using inputs that are not observable based on observable market
                    data (unobservable inputs).
                    The Directors consider that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised
                    in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.
       76           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Reconciliation of borrowings
                                                                                                         NON-CASH
                                                                       30 JUNE 2018     CASH FLOWS       MOVEMENT      30 JUNE 2019
                                                                                  $              $              $                 $

                        Gross borrowings                              290,000,000     297,500,000                –    587,500,000
                        Accrued interest                                  749,029      (22,257,574)    22,939,653        1,431,108
                        Unamortised costs                               (1,025,278)    (1,550,388)      1,089,877       (1,485,789)
                        Total                                         289,723,751 273,692,038         24,029,530 587,445,319

                                                                                                         NON-CASH
                                                                       30 JUNE 2017     CASH FLOWS       MOVEMENT      30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                  $              $              $                 $

                        Gross borrowings                              161,360,000     128,640,000                – 290,000,000
                        Accrued interest                                  934,826      (13,210,462)    13,024,665         749,029
                        Unamortised costs                               (2,037,395)      (451,000)       1,463,117      (1,025,278)
                        Total                                         160,257,431 114,978,538         14,487,782      289,723,751


                    Note 21: Commitments
                    The following table summarises the operating lease commitments of the consolidated entity:
                                                                                                       30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                  $               $

                        Operating lease commitments
                        Not later than 1 year                                                           2,271,284       1,704,537
                        Later than 1 year and not more than 5 years                                      7,816,631      6,498,617
                        Total minimum lease payments                                                  10,087,916       8,203,154


                    Note 22: Contingencies
                    Other than reported in the financial statements, there are no other contingent liabilities or contingent
                    assets as at 30 June 2019 (30 June 2018: 337,000).

                    Note 23: Key Management Personal Disclosures
                    Directors
                    The following persons were Directors of Zip Co Limited (Zip or the Company) during the whole of the
                    financial year:
                    • Philip Crutchfield
                    • Larry Diamond
                    • Peter Gray
                    • Dianne Challenor
                    • John Batistich (Appointed 3 September 2018)
                                                                                                             the freedom to own it   77




For personal use only
                    Compensation
                    The aggregate compensation made to Directors and other members of key management personnel
                    of the consolidated entity is set out below:
                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                               $              $

                        Short-term employee benefits                                                  1,218,733        955,219
                        Post-employment benefits                                                       113,842          89,835
                        Long-term benefits                                                              35,414           29,515
                        Share-based payments                                                           506,271         100,000
                                                                                                    1,874,260         1,174,569


                    Note 24: Related Party Transactions
                    Parent entity
                    Zip Co Limited is the parent entity.

                    Subsidiaries
                    Interests in subsidiaries are set out in Note 28.

                    Key management personnel
                    Disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in Note 23 and the remuneration report
                    included in the directors’ report.

                    Transactions with related parties
                    As a Class B Noteholder in the zipMoney Trust 2015-1 Philip Crutchfield lent the trust $100,000 on the
                    same commercial terms as offered to each of the Class B Noteholders in the Trust at the previous reporting
                    date. This was repaid in full in the financial year to 30 June 2018. The ZipMoney Trust 2015-1 facility was
                    closed in the financial year to 30 June 2018.
                    There were no transactions with related parties during the current and previous financial year.

                    Receivable from and payable to related parties
                    There were no trade receivables from or trade payables to related parties at the current and previous
                    reporting date.

                    Loans to/from related parties
                    There were no loans to/from related parties at the current reporting date.

                    Terms and conditions
                    All transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market rates.
       78           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Note 25: Reconciliation of Loss After Income Tax to Net Cash From Operating Activities
                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                               $              $

                        Loss after income tax benefit for the year                                  (11,133,810)   (22,549,726)
                        Adjustments for:
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                        4,555,273      3,573,080
                        Expected credit loss/doubtful debts expense                                  21,946,751     13,190,378
                        Amortisation of funding costs                                                1,089,877       1,463,117
                        Share-based payment                                                           3,215,195      3,575,219
                        Change in operating assets and liabilities:
                        Decrease/(increase) in other receivables                                    (5,902,893)     (4,973,098)
                        Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                             8,660,646        6,213,327
                        Increase/(decrease) in R&D tax incentives                                     (365,642)       659,086
                        Increase in employee provisions                                                526,398         274,174
                        Net cash from operating activities                                         22,591,833       1,425,557


                    Note 26: Remuneration of Auditors
                    During the financial year the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by Deloitte Touche
                    Tohmastsu, the auditor of the consolidated entity:
                                                                                                    30 JUNE 2019   30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                               $              $

                        Audit services
                        Audit and review of the financial statements                                   214,000        150,000
                        Non-audit service
                        Agreed-upon procedures                                                         124,000           21,000
                        Due diligence                                                                   23,000               –
                        Tax consulting services                                                          4,000               –
                        Total                                                                         338,000         171,000


                    Note 27: Parent Entity Information
                    The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial
                    information shown below, are the same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.
                    See Note 1 for a summary of the significant accounting policies relating to the consolidated entity.
                    Set out below is the supplementary information about the parent entity.
                                                                                                                the freedom to own it   79




For personal use only
                    Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                PARENT

                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                 $               $

                        Loss after income tax                                                          (1,398,990)       (1,051,496)
                        Total comprehensive loss                                                      (1,398,990)     (1,051,496)

                    Statement of financial position
                                                                                                                PARENT

                                                                                                      30 JUNE 2019    30 JUNE 2018
                                                                                                                 $               $

                        Total current assets                                                               31,443            90,932
                        Total non-current assets                                                      145,931,375     88,499,210
                        Total assets                                                                145,962,818       88,590,142
                        Total current liabilities                                                         187,105         (439,120)
                        Total liabilities                                                                187,105         (439,120)
                        Net assets                                                                   145,775,713      88,151,022
                        Issued capital                                                               156,702,430      96,819,220
                        Reserve                                                                        4,052,448         4,911,978
                        Accumulated losses                                                             (14,979,165)   (13,580,176)
                        Total equity                                                                 145,775,713      88,151,022

                    Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                    During the financial year ended 30 June 2018 and financial year 30 June 2019, the parent entity and
                    its subsidiaries had a deed of cross guarantee in place under which each company guarantees the debts
                    of the others:
                    By entering into the deed, the wholly-owned entities have been relieved from the requirement to prepare
                    financial statements and Directors’ Report under Corporations Instrument 2016/785 issued by the
                    Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
                    The effect of the Deed is that the parent entity guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in
                    the event of winding up of any of the subsidiaries under certain provisions of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    As all entities are a party to the deed or are fully controlled by an entity that is a party to the deed the
                    income statement and balance sheet information of the combined class-ordered group is equivalent to
                    the consolidated information presented in this financial report.
                    The parent entity has provided a corporate guarantee to secure the funding facility of the zipMoney
                    2017-2 Trust as at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018.

                    Contingent liabilities
                    Other than reported in the financial statements, the parent entity had no other contingent liabilities
                    as at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018.
       80           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Notes to the Financial Statements
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Capital commitments – Property, plant and equipment
                    The parent entity had no capital commitments for property, plant and equipment as at 30 June 2019
                    and 30 June 2018.

                    Note 28: Interest in Subsidiaries
                    a. Ultimate parent
                    Zip Co Limited is the ultimate parent entity and the parent entity of the consolidated entity from
                    a legal perspective.

                    b. Corporate structure
                    The legal corporate structure of the consolidated entity is set out below;
                                                                                                                      OWNERSHIP INTEREST

                                                                                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                                                  BUSINESS/COUNTRY                30 JUNE 2019      30 JUNE 2018
                        NAME                                                      OF INCORPORATION                           %                 %

                        Legal parent
                        Zip Co Limited                                            Australia
                        Legal subsidiaries
                        zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd                                 Australia                              100%               100%
                        zipMoney Trust 2017-11                                    Australia                              100%               100%
                        zipMoney Trust 2017-2   1
                                                                                  Australia                              100%               100%
                        zipMoney Holdings Pty Ltd                                 Australia                              100%               100%
                        zipMoney Securities Limited                               Australia                              100%               100%
                        Pocketbook Holdings Pty Ltd                               Australia                              100%               100%
                        Pocketbook Australia Pty Ltd                              Australia                              100%               100%
                        Pocketbook Technologies Pty Ltd                           Australia                              100%               100%
                        zipMoney Payments (NZ) Limited                            New Zealand                            100%               100%
                    1. Ownership is through zipMoney Payments Pty Ltd, which is both the Participation Unitholder and Residual Unitholder
                       of zipMoney Trust 2017-1, and zipMoney Trust 2017-2.


                    Note 29: Share-Based Payments
                    In August 2017, the Board granted 1,690,000 ordinary shares to its employees for their contribution to
                    the performance of the consolidated entity. These shares were valued at $0.76, vest immediately at grant
                    date and were issued under the Employee Short Term Incentive Plan.
                    During the financial year ended 30 June 2018, 285,715 zero price options were issued to employees
                    under the consolidated entity’s Short Term Employee Incentive Plan. These options were valued at the
                    market price on the date of issue $0.87. Accordingly, an option expense of $248,572 was recognised in
                    the year to 30 June 2018.
                    In August 2018, the Board granted 2,186,126 ordinary shares to its employees for their contribution to the
                    performance of the consolidated entity. These shares were valued at $1.025, vest immediately at grant
                    date and were issued under the Employee Short Term Incentive Plan.
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   81




For personal use only
                    In February 2019, the Board issued 2,750,000 performance rights to executive Directors and management
                    for no consideration under the consolidated entity’s Long Term Employee Incentive Plan. The performance
                    rights were valued using the Monte Carlo simulation model and an expense of $101,137 was recognised in
                    the year to 30 June 2019. The performance rights have a nil exercise price and vest on the achievement
                    of Total Shareholder Return hurdles and time based hurdles over the period from the date of grant to the
                    assessment dates. The assessment dates are up to 3, 4, and 5 years from the date of grant.
                    In September 2019, the Board granted 884,824 ordinary shares to its employees for their contribution to
                    the performance of the consolidated entity. These shares were valued at $3.43, vest immediately at grant
                    date and were issued under the Employee Short Term Incentive Plan.

                    Note 30: Subsequent Events
                    As noted in Note 16, in July 2019 the consolidated entity agreed an increase of $100.0 million in its
                    available zipMoney Trust 2017‑1 facility commitments with financier NAB.
                    The Group progressed the launch of the Zip Master Trust during the financial year and on 29 July 2019
                    mandated the National Australia Bank to arrange a series of ABS investor meetings for the establishment of
                    the Trust. On 19 August 2019, NAB launched a transaction to secure $400.0 million in debt funding that was
                    subsequently increased to $500.0 million. The transaction settled on 5 September 2019. And following
                    settlement, the Group’s total facilities available to fund receivables totalled $1,006.5 million.
                    On 20 August 2019 the consolidated entity announced it had entered into an agreement, subject to
                    shareholder approval, to acquire 100% of the share capital of PartPay Limited a New Zealand based Group
                    with operations in New Zealand, the United Kingdom and South Africa. In addition, PartPay Limited has
                    an investment in QuadPay Inc a New York based organisation. PartPay Limited and QuadPay Inc operate
                    in the Buy Now Pay Later industry in their respective geographies. The acquisition comprises an upfront
                    consideration of NZ$50.8 million, and a further NZ$15.0 million over the next two years based on the
                    achievement of certain performance based milestones relating to minimum transaction volumes on the
                    PartPay platform being achieved. The acquisition will be settled through the issue of shares in Zip Co
                    Limited and is subject to shareholder approval at a general meeting. The initial issue of shares will be at
                    $2.76, a 5% discount to the 10 day VWAP up to and including the execution date of the Share Purchase
                    Agreement 19 August 2019.
                    The consolidated entity also announced on 20 August 2019 it had entered a subscription agreement
                    to invest approximately US$11.4 million in QuadPay Inc, which, when combined with Part Pay’s existing
                    investment will result in the consolidated entity having a 15% shareholding in QuadPay Inc. The investment
                    of US$11.4 million will be settled in cash.
                    On 6 September 2019, the consolidated entity announced it had entered into an agreement to buy the
                    Australian and New Zealand based operations of global SME lending provider Spotcap Global. The acquisition
                    involves a total consideration of $8.825 million to be settled through the issue of new shares.
                    In September 2019, the Board granted 884,824 ordinary shares to its employees for their contribution to the
                    performance of the consolidated entity. These shares were valued at $3.43, vest immediately at grant date
                    and were issued under the Employee Short Term Incentive Plan.
                    There have been no other material items, transactions or events subsequent to 30 June 2019 which
                    relate to conditions existing at that date and which require comment or adjustment to the figures dealt
                    with in this report.
       82           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Directors’ Declaration




For personal use only
                    The Directors declare that in the Directors’ opinion:
                    • there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when
                      they become due and payable
                    • the attached financial statements and notes comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as
                      issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as described in Note 1 to the financial statements;
                    • the attached financial statements and notes comply with the Corporations Act 2001, the Accounting
                      Standards, the Corporations Regulations 2001 and other mandatory professional reporting requirements;
                    • the attached financial statements and notes give a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial
                      position as at 30 June 2019 and of its performance for the financial year ended on that date; and
                    • the Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    At the date of this declaration, the Company is within the class of companies affected by ASIC Corporations
                    (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785. The nature of the deed of cross guarantee is such that
                    each company which is party to the deed guarantees to each creditor payment in full of any debt in
                    accordance with the deed of cross guarantee.
                    In the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the companies to
                    which ASIC Corporations (Wholly owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785 applies, as detailed in Note 27
                    to the financial statements will, as a group, be able to meet any liabilities to which they are, or may become,
                    subject because of the deed of cross guarantee.
                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors made pursuant to section 295(5)(a) of the
                    Corporations Act 2001.
                    On behalf of the Directors,




                    Larry Diamond
                    Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
                    26 September 2019
                                                                                                                                             the freedom to own it   83




                    Independent Auditor’s Report To The Members




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                               A.B.N. 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                               Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                               225 George Street
                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                               PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                               Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                               Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                               www.deloitte.com.au



                                                     Independent Auditor's Report to the
                                                         Members of Zip Co Limited

                        Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Opinion

                        We have audited the financial report of Zip Co Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
                        “Group”) which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019, the
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement
                        of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes
                        to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors’
                        declaration.

                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                        Act 2001, including:

                             (i)         giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its
                                         financial performance for the year then ended; and

                             (ii)        complying with Australian Standards and the Corporations Regulation 2001.

                        Basis for Opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                        those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                        Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                        independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting
                        Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
                        Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other
                        ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been
                        given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the
                        time of this auditor's report.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
                        our opinion.

                        Key Audit Matters

                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
                        our audit of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
                        our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
                        a separate opinion on these matters.




                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network.
       84           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Independent Auditor’s Report To The Members
                    Continued




For personal use only
                                                 Key Audit Matters                         How the scope of our audit responded to the
                                                                                                       Key Audit Matters
                                Effective interest rate                                Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
                                Revenue recognition is calculated using the            •   Obtaining detailed understanding of key           new
                                effective interest rate (‘EIR’) method under AASB          revenue streams, products and offerings.
                                9 Financial Instruments (‘AASB 9’). Under AASB
                                9, when calculating the effective interest rate,       •   Assessing the accounting policies       adopted    by
                                the Group shall estimate the expected cash flows           management in respect of revenue.
                                by considering all the contractual terms of the
                                loan receivables but shall not consider the            •   Considering the appropriate treatment of revenue
                                expected credit losses.                                    recognition in accordance with AASB 9 Financial
                                                                                           Instruments (AASB 9) and AASB 15 Revenue from
                                As at 30 June 2019, portfolio income of $82.9m
                                                                                           contracts with customers (AASB 15).
                                was reported as disclosed in Note 3. Portfolio
                                income contains merchant fees, establishment
                                                                                       •   Assessing the key internal controls over the capture
                                fees, monthly fees and interest.
                                                                                           and measurement of revenue transactions.
                                The effective interest rate method was a key
                                audit matter because it is based on a                  •   Assessing the appropriateness of key assumptions
                                management model with a number of key                      used in the revenue recognition model, including the
                                estimates and assumptions including:                       estimated future cash flows and the expected life of
                                                                                           the customer receivables balance.
                                •      estimated future cash flows; and
                                •      historical repayment patterns.                  •   Agreeing a sample of revenue transactions to
                                                                                           underlying  signed  agreements   and    bank
                                                                                           statements;

                                                                                       •   Assessing the appropriateness of any revenue
                                                                                           recognition adjustments made by management in
                                                                                           accordance with the accounting standards;;

                                                                                       •   On a sample basis, recalculating interest income
                                                                                           under the effective interest rate method; and

                                                                                       •   Reviewing the adequacy of the related disclosures in
                                                                                           the financial report in respect of the presentation of
                                                                                           interest income and loan receivables under AASB 9.
                                    Expected credit loss provisioning                  Our audit procedures included, but were not limited to:
                                    AASB 9 Financial Instruments was a new and         •   Obtaining a detailed understanding of credit
                                    complex accounting standard which was                  judgments made by management in the core AASB
                                    adopted in the year and which required                 9 models;
                                    considerable judgement and interpretation in its   •   Testing the key controls relating to customer loan
                                    implementation. The standard required a new            approval processes and identification of overdue
                                    basis of providing for loan loss on an expected        amounts;
                                    credit loss (‘ECL’) basis.                         •   Testing the data inputs in calculating the probability
                                                                                           of default roll rates to assess reasonableness;
                                    The development of new models to measure the
                                                                                       •   Assessing the reasonability of management’s key
                                    ‘expected credit losses’ involves significant
                                                                                           assumptions and recent historical recovery data
                                    judgements   and     assumptions  made     by          used in determining loss given default and lifetime
                                    management. Expected credit losses require             expected loss period;
                                    assessment on a forward-looking basis that
                                                                                       •   Agreeing a sample of loan information to source
                                    includes an overlay to reflect management’s
                                                                                           documents;
                                    view of potential future economic events and
                                    model risk.                                        •   Evaluating the appropriateness of the modelling
                                                                                           policy and methodology used for the customer
                                As at 30 June 2019, the carrying value of                  receivable portfolio with reference to the relevant
                                Customer Receivables recorded was $647.5m,                 accounting standards and market practices;

                                including a provision for expected credit loss of      •   Testing model calculations through re-performance;
                                                                                                                                       the freedom to own it   85




For personal use only
                                       Key Audit Matters                        How the scope of our audit responded to the
                                                                                            Key Audit Matters
                         $25.6m, as disclosed in Note 9.
                                                                            •   Obtaining evidence to support management’s
                                                                                judgements in respect of calculation methodologies,
                         We considered expected credit loss provisioning
                                                                                economic factors and judgmental overlays, the
                         a key audit matter because:
                                                                                period of historical loss rates used, loss emergence
                         • the models used to calculate ECLs are                periods, cure rates for impaired loans, and the
                         inherently complex and judgement is applied in         historical experience of recoveries on distressed
                         determining appropriate assumptions in the             loans; and
                         model
                                                                            •   Reviewing the adequacy of the related disclosures in
                         • judgement is applied in determining the most         the financial report in respect of the accounting
                         appropriate information and datasets to be used        policy for impairment under AASB 9.
                         as inputs

                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019, but does not
                        include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                        form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                        and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                        report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
                        based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a
                        true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
                        and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                        financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due
                        to fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group
                        to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
                        the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                        cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                        free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                        includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
                        an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                        misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                        if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                        judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                            •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due
                                to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
                                audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
                                of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
                                from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
       86           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Independent Auditor’s Report To The Members
                    Continued




For personal use only
                                  •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                      procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
                                      an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                                  •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
                                      accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                                  •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
                                      accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
                                      related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
                                      continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
                                      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial
                                      report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
                                      based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
                                      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                  •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                      disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and
                                      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                  •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
                                      or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                                      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group’s audit. We remain
                                      solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                              We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
                              of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
                              we identify during our audit.

                              We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                              requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                              matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
                              safeguards.

                              From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                              significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                              matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                              disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                              should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                              reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                              Report on the Remuneration Report

                              Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                              We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 34 to 42 of the directors’ report for the
                              year ended 30 June 2019.

                              In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Zip Co Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019 complies
                              with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   87




For personal use only
                        Responsibilities

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.



                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                        Mark Lumsden
                        Partner
                        Chartered Accountants
                        Sydney, 26 September 2019
       88           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Shareholder Information




For personal use only
                    The shareholder information set out below was applicable as at 17 September 2019.

                    DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITABLE SECURITIES
                    Analysis of number of equitable security holders by size of holding
                                                                                                  NUMBER OF            NUMBER OF
                                                                                                 HOLDERS OF           HOLDERS OF
                                                                              NUMBER OF    UNQUOTED OPTIONS     UNQUOTED OPTIONS
                                                                             HOLDERS OF          PRICE $0.50,         PRICE $0.70,
                        RANGE                                           ORDINARY SHARES     EXPIRY 05.12.2019    EXPIRY 05.12.2019

                        1 to 1,000                                                6,943                    –                    –
                        1,001 to 5,000                                            5,074                    –                    –
                        5,001 to 10,000                                           1,440                    –                    –
                        10,001 to 100,000                                         1,492                    –                    –
                        100,001 and over                                            164                     1                    1
                        Total                                                    15,113                    1                    1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                       337                    –                    –

                                                                              NUMBER OF           NUMBER OF            NUMBER OF
                                                                             HOLDERS OF          HOLDERS OF           HOLDERS OF
                                                                              UNQUOTED            UNQUOTED             UNQUOTED
                                                                           PERFORMANCE         PERFORMANCE          PERFORMANCE
                                                                         RIGHTS, VESTING     RIGHTS, VESTING      RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                                 15.02.2022          15.02.2023           15.02.2024

                        100,001 and over                                              2                    2                    2
                        Total                                                         2                    2                    2
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                         –                    –                    –

                                                                              NUMBER OF           NUMBER OF            NUMBER OF
                                                                             HOLDERS OF          HOLDERS OF           HOLDERS OF
                                                                              UNQUOTED            UNQUOTED             UNQUOTED
                                                                           PERFORMANCE         PERFORMANCE          PERFORMANCE
                                                                         RIGHTS, VESTING     RIGHTS, VESTING      RIGHTS, VESTING
                        RANGE                                                 15.09.2021          15.09.2022           15.09.2023

                        100,001 and over                                              4                    4                    4
                        Total                                                         4                    4                    4
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                         –                    –                    –

                                                                                                  NUMBER OF            NUMBER OF
                                                                                                 HOLDERS OF           HOLDERS OF
                                                                                                  UNQUOTED             UNQUOTED
                                                                               UNLISTED    UNLISTED OPTIONS,    UNLISTED OPTIONS,
                                                                           PERFORMANCE              VESTING               VESTING
                        RANGE                                                   SHARES            10.08.2019           10.08.2020

                        100,001 and over                                               1                    1                    1
                        Total                                                         1                    1                    1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                         –                    –                    –
                                                                                                              the freedom to own it   89




For personal use only
                                                                                                 NUMBER OF            NUMBER OF
                                                                                                HOLDERS OF           HOLDERS OF
                                                                                                 UNQUOTED             UNQUOTED
                                                                                          UNLISTED OPTIONS,    UNLISTED OPTIONS,
                                                                                                   VESTING               VESTING
                        RANGE                                                                    10.08.2021           10.08.2022

                        100,001 and over                                                                  1                     1
                        Total                                                                            1                      1
                        Holding less than a marketable parcel                                            –                      –


                    EQUITY SECURITY HOLDERS
                    Twenty largest quoted equity security holders
                    The names of the twenty largest security holders of quoted equity securities are listed below:
                                                                                                    ORDINARY SHARES

                                                                                                                     % OF TOTAL
                                                                                              NUMBER HELD         SHARES ISSUED

                        DIAMOND VENTURE HOLDINGS PTY LTD <DIAMOND FT A/C>                     60,942,344                    17.31
                        WESTPAC BANKING CORPORATION                                            55,195,164                  15.67
                        HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                              19,018,348                   5.40
                        CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                          18,668,629                   5.30
                        MR PETER JOHN GRAY                                                     19,293,370                   5.48
                        UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                   13,701,829                   3.89
                        J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                               7,582,504                    2.15
                        CS THIRD NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 13 A/C>            6,853,290                     1.95
                        CS FOURTH NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <HSBC CUST NOM AU LTD 11 A/C>            6,694,537                   1.90
                        MR ADAM MARC FINGER                                                      5,516,158                   1.57
                        ACN 163 625 198 PTY LTD <SR-71 A/C>                                     4,977,382                    1.41
                        BRISPOT NOMINEES PTY LTD <HOUSE HEAD NOMINEE A/C>                       3,702,246                   1.05
                        LIQUIDITY GROUP PTY LIMITED <THE LIQUIDITY A/C>                        3,500,000                    0.99
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                    2,957,148                  0.84
                        P D CRUTCHFIELD PTY LTD <CRUTCHFIELD SUPER FUND A/C>                    2,501,490                    0.71
                        NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                               2,144,876                   0.61
                        A C N 163 625 054 PTY LTD <FERNHILL A/C>                                 2,097,791                  0.60
                        MR PHILIP DAVID CRUTCHFIELD                                             2,001,490                   0.57
                        BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                          1,581,050                   0.45
                        ECAPITAL NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <ACCUMULATION A/C>                        1,326,608                   0.38
                        Total                                                               240,256,254                   68.23
       90           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




                    Shareholder Information
                    Continued




For personal use only
                    Unquoted equity securities
                                                                                                                  NUMBER OF
                                                                                              NUMBER ON ISSUE      HOLDERS

                        Unlisted Options Price $0.50, Expiry 05.12.2019                             150,000               1
                        Unlisted Options Price $0.70, Expiry 05.12.2019                             150,000               1
                        Unlisted Performance Shares                                              20,000,000               1
                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2019                            1,960,000              1
                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2020                            1,960,000              1
                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2021                            1,960,000              1
                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2022                            1,960,000              1
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2022                              406,666              2
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2023                              406,666              2
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.02.2024                              406,668              2
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2021                              510,000              4
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2022                              510,000              4
                        Unlisted Performance Rights Vesting 15.09.2023                              510,000              4

                    The following persons holds 20% or more of unquoted equity securities:
                        NAME                               CLASS                                                NUMBER HELD

                        MR PHILIP DAVID CRUTCHFIELD        Unlisted Options Price $0.50, Expiry 05.12.2019         150,000
                        MR PHILIP DAVID CRUTCHFIELD        Unlisted Options Price $0.70, Expiry 05.12.2019         150,000
                        OZTRAL EQUITIES PTY LTD
                        <AUSTRAL EQUITIES UNIT A/C>        Unlisted Performance Shares                          20,000,000
                        WESTPAC BANKING
                        CORPORATION                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2019       1,960,000
                        WESTPAC BANKING                    Unlisted Performance Options Vesting
                        CORPORATION                        10.08.2020                                            1,960,000
                        WESTPAC BANKING
                        CORPORATION                        Unlisted Performance Options Vesting 10.08.2021       1,960,000
                        WESTPAC BANKING                    Unlisted Performance Options Vesting
                        CORPORATION                        10.08.2022                                            1,960,000
                                                                                                          the freedom to own it   91




For personal use only
                    SUBSTANTIAL HOLDERS
                    Substantial holders in the Company are set out below based on the shares disclosed as held from the last
                    Form 604 lodged by the shareholder:
                                                                                                            ORDINARY SHARES
                                                                                                                NUMBER HELD

                        Mr Larry Diamond + Mrs Ashlyn Diamond
                        Diamond Venture Holdings Pty Ltd <Diamond Unit A/C>                                      61,445,778
                        Westpac Banking Corporation                                                              55,195,164
                        Mr Peter John Gray                                                                       19,293,370


                    VOTING RIGHTS
                    Voting rights are as set out below:

                    Ordinary shares:
                    On a show of hands every member present at a meeting in person or by proxy shall have one vote and
                    upon a poll each share shall have one vote.

                    Options:
                    All quoted and unquoted options do not carry any voting rights.

                    ASX LISTING RULE 3.13.1 AND 14.3
                    The Annual General Meeting is scheduled to be held on 28 November 2019.

                    ASX LISTING RULE 4.10.3
                    The corporate governance statement that meets the requirements of this rule is located on the
                    Company’s website: http://zipmoneylimited.com.au/corporate-governance.html
       92           Zip Co Limited Annual Report 2019




For personal use only
                                                        This page has been left intentionally blank.
                    Corporate Directory




For personal use only
                    DIRECTORS                                   AUDITORS
                    Philip Crutchfield (Chairman)               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                Grosvenor Place, 225 George Street
                    Larry Diamond (Managing Director, CEO)
                                                                Sydney, NSW 2000
                    Peter Gray (Executive Director, COO)
                    Dianne Challenor (Non-Executive Director)   SOLICITORS
                    John Batistich (Non-Executive Director)     Arnold Bloch Liebler
                                                                Level 24, 2 Chifley Square
                                                                Sydney NSW 2000
                    COMPANY SECRETARY
                    David Franks
                                                                SHARE REGISTRY
                                                                Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace
                    Level 5                                     Perth, WA 6000
                    126 Phillip Street
                    Sydney, NSW, 2000
                    Website: www.zip.co                         INVESTOR ENQUIRIES
                                                                investors@zipmoney.com.au
                    SECURITIES EXCHANGE LISTING
                    ASX Code: Z1P
                                                Annual
                                                Report
                                                  2019




For personal use only
                  INVESTOR ENQUIRIES
                  Zip Co Limited
                  investors@zipmoney.com.au
                  Level 14, 10 Spring Street,
                  Sydney NSW 2000



                  ACN 139 546 428
